News Sports Business Real Estate 77° Full Menu 77° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business May 25, 2017 1:19 AM Chinese go champion begins 2nd game against computer The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WUZHEN, China China's top player of the ancient board game of go began a second game against a computer Thursday in a competition authorities limited the Chinese public's ability to see. Google's AlphaGo program defeated 19-year-old prodigy Ke Jie on Tuesday in the first of three games they are due to play this week at a forum on artificial intelligence in this town west of Shanghai. Internet users outside China could watch the games live but Chinese censors blocked most mainland web users from seeing the Google website carrying the feed. None of China's dozens of video sites carried the live broadcasts but a recording of Tuesday's game was available Wednesday night on one of the most popular sites, Youku.com. State media reports on the games have been brief, possibly reflecting Beijing's antipathy toward Google, which closed its China-based search engine in 2010 following a dispute over censorship and computer hacking. The official response to the match, a major event for go and artificial intelligence, reflects the conflict between the ruling Communist Party's technology ambitions and its insistence on controlling what its public can see, hear and read. The possible reason for suppressing coverage while allowing Google to organize the event was unclear. Censorship orders to Chinese media are officially secret and government officials refuse to confirm whether online material is blocked. Machines have mastered most other games. They conquered chess in 1997 when IBM Corp.'s Deep Blue system defeated champion Garry Kasparov, but go was considered more challenging. Players take turns putting white or black stones on a rectangular grid with 361 intersections, trying to capture territory and each other's pieces by surrounding them. The near-infinite number of possible positions requires intuition and flexibility that players had thought would take computers at a least another decade to master. This week's games are taking place in a hall where Chinese leaders hold the annual World Internet Conference, an event attended by global internet companies. Reports by Chinese newspapers and websites on AlphaGo's victory Tuesday were brief, despite Ke's post-game news conference being packed with scores of reporters. None mentioned Google. Government TV in Zhejiang province, where Wuzhen is located, showed a 90-second report about Tuesday's match but few other broadcasters mentioned it, even though go has millions of fans in China and Ke is a celebrity. Google says 60 million people in China watched online as AlphaGo played South Korea's go champion in March 2016. The communist government encourages internet use for business and education but operates elaborate online monitoring and censorship. Censors block access to social media and video-sharing websites such as Facebook and YouTube. Internet companies are required to employ teams of censors to watch social media and remove banned material. China has the world's biggest population of internet users, with some 730 million people online by the end of last year, according to government data. Web surfers can get around online filters using virtual private networks, but Beijing has cracked down on use of those. Beijing's relationship with Google is especially prickly. The company, headquartered in Mountain View, California, opened a China-based search site in 2006 and cooperated with official censorship. That prompted complaints from human rights and other activists and free press groups such as Reporters Without Borders. In 2010, Google announced it no longer wanted to comply after hacking attacks on the company were traced to China. The company shut down its China search engine and visitors were automatically transferred to another Google service in Hong Kong, but that stopped after Chinese authorities objected. Online filters slow access to the Hong Kong site enough to discourage many users. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:59 5 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:37 7 days ago World of Avatar 0:23 7 days ago Pandora's Shaman of Song View More Video Business The Latest: GOP hopeful charged with misdemeanor assault New Zealand to spend budget windfall on roads and cut taxes 23 million more uninsured with GOP health bill, analysts say Moody's downgrades Hong Kong credit rating after China cut New Mexico lawmakers move to restore vetoed funding Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Digital Trends Home > Android Army > Everything you need to know about Android Pay Everything you need to know about Android Pay Android Pay launches PayPal support, could see Canadian release next week By Andy Boxall — Updated May 24, 2017 1:39 pm Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends With Android Pay, you can start leaving your wallet behind. Anyone with the corresponding app on their device can pay for goods and services with a simple tap of their phone against a compatible point-of-sale terminal with near-field communication, or NFC. Here’s everything you need to know about Android Pay, including the places and banks that support it. PayPal joins Android Pay Android Pay is an excellent replacement for your credit or debit cards but what about your PayPal account? Starting May 24, Android Pay users running version 4.4 or higher of the mobile operating system will be able to link PayPal to their profile. Previously, the only way to use the popular web-based payment platform in-store was through a PayPal debit card, or by inputting your phone number and PIN into one of the few compatible terminals out in the wild. To get started paying with PayPal from your Android device, tap the button at the bottom right like you normally would to add a card, then select “Add other payment methods.” PayPal may ask you to load funds to your account if you have not already. If you do not see the option yet, it may take a little while before the update rolls out to your device. Additionally, it is important to note PayPal support is only live for U.S. users at this time. Android Pay is currently only able to pull from your PayPal balance for transactions but eventually, any cards you have saved on your PayPal account will also be supported. International release Android Pay made its debut on the global stage when it launched in the U.K. in May 2016, and the service has slowly continued to expand since. It’s now available in Japan, Ireland, Singapore, Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, and Poland. At Google I/O 2017, the company announced the service will arrive in at least another five countries before the end of the year: Brazil, Canada, Russia, Spain, and Taiwan. We don’t have details on specific launch partners for each territory but check back for updates as more information becomes available. Canada Android Pay could launch in Canada as soon as May 31, according to MobileSyrup, which cites anonymous sources. At the moment, it’s not officially known which banks and card companies will support the platform when it debuts. However, some clues dating back to late last year hint at support from Interac, one of Canada’s debit payment processing networks. This was revealed by 9to5Google when it investigated the Android Pay app back in December. At the time, some users also reported they were able to add and complete transactions with certain Visa cards through Android Pay. This caused many to believe the service had officially been launched, but Google elaborated shortly afterward, claiming that it wasn’t quite ready for prime time yet. Since then, some of the cards that were working have had support removed. Russia Prior to Google I/O, four banks were named in relation to Android Pay’s Russian launch: Sberbank, Alfa, Raiffeisen, and Tinkoff. These banks could be the first to receive the service when it launches over the coming months. The report comes courtesy of Russian news sites by way of AndroidPolice, which also relays that Visa recently updated its Russian support pages with references to Android Pay, before removing them from the site. In tandem with Google’s confirmation at I/O, this means launch could be imminent. Belgium Google is officially bringing Android Pay to Belgium. The company announced the news in a blog post, which highlights that the service will be usable in as many as 85,000 institutions. It will work with both MasterCard and Visa and supports three major banks — BNP, Fintro, and Hello Bank. Not only that, but the company says that CBC, KBC, and KBC Brussels are all on the way. Japan Contactless and mobile payments are already widely used in Japan, and on December 12, Android Pay becomes the latest option for shoppers. However, it has launched with Rakuten Edy, an eMoney service accepted in more than 470,000 locations, rather than local banks. Operated through the usual Android Pay app, you create an Edy card or use an existing one, ready to use in supporting stores. In 2017, Google says to expect more payment options, including Visa and Mastercard, through its cooperation with local payment specialists FeliCa Networks. Ireland On December 6, Android Pay made its way to Ireland, and it promises compatibility “at thousands of retail locations throughout Ireland that accept contactless payments.” From McDonald’s to supermarket Tesco to book retailer Eason, there are plenty of places in which Europeans can now use Android Pay. Here is a list of places where Android Pay is now accepted in Ireland. New Zealand In November, New Zealand received access to Android Pay, and according to Google, it will be available at a number of common locations, including The Warehouse, Domino’s, McDonald’s, etc. As of right now, it only supports the BNZ Flexi Debit Visa card, but it will expand to more services as time goes on. Poland Poland got Android Pay in November, and Google says it’s available at more than 400,000 retail locations such as Costa Coffee, Carrefour, and Rossman. You can add your Mastercard or Visa debit or credit cards from the following Polish banks: Alior Bank, Bank Zachodni WBK, and T-Mobile Banking Services. Google says support for mBank will come soon, as well as other banks in the coming months. The payment service will also be available in various apps soon, including Allegro, Ceneo, Fancy, iTaxi.pl, and Uber. Hong Kong In October, Android Pay launched in Hong Kong, with a related blog post announcement noting that the service would be accepted “at over 5,000 locations in Hong Kong where contactless payments are accepted, including stores such as at 7-Eleven, Circle K, Fortress, Mannings, Maxim’s Cakes, MX, McDonald’s, Pacific Coffee, ParknShop, SmarTone, Watsons, Wellcome, and more.” Moreover, it also works in several apps including Boutir Collect, Deliveroo, Kaligo, Klook, Snaptee, and coming soon, Uber. You can check here to see all the supported banks in Hong Kong, including Hang Seng Bank, DBS Bank, Dah Sing Bank, the Bank of East Asia, Standard Chartered Bank, and more. Australia In Australia, Google has listed an impressive number of supported banks — more than 25 including ANZ, Beyond Bank, and Macquarie. Unfortunately, ANZ is the only one out of the top four banks in Australia to support the payment service. To see the list of supported Australian banks, check here. Aussies will also soon be able to use Android Pay within select apps such as Catch of the Day, Deliveroo, Domino’s, EatNow, Hotel Tonight, Kogan.com and more. That means speedier checkout times in apps as you won’t have to type out all your credit card information. Singapore In late June, Singapore became the third country to get Android Pay. It’s compatible with any contactless terminal in the country and supports loyalty cards and credit card rewards programs. The service is compatible with MasterCard and Visa cards from many of the country’s largest institutions, including DBS Bank, Standard Chartered Bank, OCBC Bank, POSB Bank, and UOB. You can check the full list of supported banks in Singapore here. United Kingdom Google’s first financial partners in the U.K. are the Bank of Scotland, First Direct, Halifax, HSBC, Lloyds Bank, Nationwide, MBNA, and M&S Bank. The search giant recently added Santander, RBS, Ulster Bank, and NatWest to the list. Both MasterCard and Visa debit and credit cards from co-operating banks will work, and TSB customers should know only selected account types can use the service. Even though it supports Apple Pay, it doesn’t look like Barclays will ever support Android Pay. The second-largest U.K. bank launched its own NFC payments service called Contactless Mobile. You can check this list to see which banks support Android Pay in the U.K. Retailers that will accept Android Pay payments include Costa Coffee and Starbucks, Boots, Waitrose, Aldi, Superdrug, and KFC. Plus, like Apple Pay, transport for London’s ticketing system will support it. Various shopping apps such as Deliveroo, Fancy, Kickstarter, Zara, Takeaway.com, and Hotel Tonight will offer Android Pay as a payment option. The contactless payment restriction of £30 remains in place, but in some situations, you’ll be able to spend up to £100 provided you authorize the transaction using a fingerprint or PIN code. Next Page 1 of 3 PayPal joins Android Pay Support in the U.S. Compatible devices and security
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Nation & World Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Nation World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Nation & World Nation World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Nation & World Log In Subscribe Business Nation & World Chinese go champion begins 2nd game against computer Originally published May 24, 2017 at 8:31 pm Updated May 24, 2017 at 10:19 pm Share story By The Associated Press The Associated Press WUZHEN, China (AP) — China’s top player of the ancient board game of go began a second game against a computer Thursday in a competition authorities limited the Chinese public’s ability to see. Google’s AlphaGo program defeated 19-year-old prodigy Ke Jie on Tuesday in the first of three games they are due to play this week at a forum on artificial intelligence in this town west of Shanghai. Internet users outside China could watch the games live but Chinese censors blocked most mainland web users from seeing the Google website carrying the feed. None of China’s dozens of video sites carried the live broadcasts but a recording of Tuesday’s game was available Wednesday night on one of the most popular sites, Youku.com. State media reports on the games have been brief, possibly reflecting Beijing’s antipathy toward Google, which closed its China-based search engine in 2010 following a dispute over censorship and computer hacking. Most Read Stories I didn’t get it right with Seahawks’ Michael Bennett, and I apologize Seahawk legend Cortez Kennedy dead at 48 What drivers can and cannot do under Washington state's new distracted-driving law Family of girl snatched by sea lion lambasted for ‘reckless behavior’  WATCH What was that glowing orb that Trump touched in Saudi Arabia?Unlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. The official response to the match, a major event for go and artificial intelligence, reflects the conflict between the ruling Communist Party’s technology ambitions and its insistence on controlling what its public can see, hear and read. The possible reason for suppressing coverage while allowing Google to organize the event was unclear. Censorship orders to Chinese media are officially secret and government officials refuse to confirm whether online material is blocked. Machines have mastered most other games. They conquered chess in 1997 when IBM Corp.’s Deep Blue system defeated champion Garry Kasparov, but go was considered more challenging. Players take turns putting white or black stones on a rectangular grid with 361 intersections, trying to capture territory and each other’s pieces by surrounding them. The near-infinite number of possible positions requires intuition and flexibility that players had thought would take computers at a least another decade to master. This week’s games are taking place in a hall where Chinese leaders hold the annual World Internet Conference, an event attended by global internet companies. Reports by Chinese newspapers and websites on AlphaGo’s victory Tuesday were brief, despite Ke’s post-game news conference being packed with scores of reporters. None mentioned Google. Government TV in Zhejiang province, where Wuzhen is located, showed a 90-second report about Tuesday’s match but few other broadcasters mentioned it, even though go has millions of fans in China and Ke is a celebrity. Google says 60 million people in China watched online as AlphaGo played South Korea’s go champion in March 2016. The communist government encourages internet use for business and education but operates elaborate online monitoring and censorship. Censors block access to social media and video-sharing websites such as Facebook and YouTube. Internet companies are required to employ teams of censors to watch social media and remove banned material. China has the world’s biggest population of internet users, with some 730 million people online by the end of last year, according to government data. Web surfers can get around online filters using virtual private networks, but Beijing has cracked down on use of those. Beijing’s relationship with Google is especially prickly. The company, headquartered in Mountain View, California, opened a China-based search site in 2006 and cooperated with official censorship. That prompted complaints from human rights and other activists and free press groups such as Reporters Without Borders. In 2010, Google announced it no longer wanted to comply after hacking attacks on the company were traced to China. The company shut down its China search engine and visitors were automatically transferred to another Google service in Hong Kong, but that stopped after Chinese authorities objected. Online filters slow access to the Hong Kong site enough to discourage many users. ___ AlphaGo game live broadcast: http://events.google.com/alphago2017/ The Associated Press Next Story Pyongyang gas price surge: Bad news for Kim Jong Un? Previous Story N. Korea calls S. Korea’s border firing reckless provocation Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Alert 72° Full Menu Alert 72° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National Business May 25, 2017 1:19 AM Chinese go champion begins 2nd game against computer The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WUZHEN, China China's top player of the ancient board game of go began a second game against a computer Thursday in a competition authorities limited the Chinese public's ability to see. Google's AlphaGo program defeated 19-year-old prodigy Ke Jie on Tuesday in the first of three games they are due to play this week at a forum on artificial intelligence in this town west of Shanghai. Internet users outside China could watch the games live but Chinese censors blocked most mainland web users from seeing the Google website carrying the feed. None of China's dozens of video sites carried the live broadcasts but a recording of Tuesday's game was available Wednesday night on one of the most popular sites, Youku.com. State media reports on the games have been brief, possibly reflecting Beijing's antipathy toward Google, which closed its China-based search engine in 2010 following a dispute over censorship and computer hacking. The official response to the match, a major event for go and artificial intelligence, reflects the conflict between the ruling Communist Party's technology ambitions and its insistence on controlling what its public can see, hear and read. The possible reason for suppressing coverage while allowing Google to organize the event was unclear. Censorship orders to Chinese media are officially secret and government officials refuse to confirm whether online material is blocked. Machines have mastered most other games. They conquered chess in 1997 when IBM Corp.'s Deep Blue system defeated champion Garry Kasparov, but go was considered more challenging. Players take turns putting white or black stones on a rectangular grid with 361 intersections, trying to capture territory and each other's pieces by surrounding them. The near-infinite number of possible positions requires intuition and flexibility that players had thought would take computers at a least another decade to master. This week's games are taking place in a hall where Chinese leaders hold the annual World Internet Conference, an event attended by global internet companies. Reports by Chinese newspapers and websites on AlphaGo's victory Tuesday were brief, despite Ke's post-game news conference being packed with scores of reporters. None mentioned Google. Government TV in Zhejiang province, where Wuzhen is located, showed a 90-second report about Tuesday's match but few other broadcasters mentioned it, even though go has millions of fans in China and Ke is a celebrity. Google says 60 million people in China watched online as AlphaGo played South Korea's go champion in March 2016. The communist government encourages internet use for business and education but operates elaborate online monitoring and censorship. Censors block access to social media and video-sharing websites such as Facebook and YouTube. Internet companies are required to employ teams of censors to watch social media and remove banned material. China has the world's biggest population of internet users, with some 730 million people online by the end of last year, according to government data. Web surfers can get around online filters using virtual private networks, but Beijing has cracked down on use of those. Beijing's relationship with Google is especially prickly. The company, headquartered in Mountain View, California, opened a China-based search site in 2006 and cooperated with official censorship. That prompted complaints from human rights and other activists and free press groups such as Reporters Without Borders. In 2010, Google announced it no longer wanted to comply after hacking attacks on the company were traced to China. The company shut down its China search engine and visitors were automatically transferred to another Google service in Hong Kong, but that stopped after Chinese authorities objected. Online filters slow access to the Hong Kong site enough to discourage many users. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:26 5 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.25 1:26 7 hours ago Carolina Forest standout Joe Venazio offers a few thoughts View More Video National Business The Latest: GOP hopeful charged with misdemeanor assault Moody's downgrades Hong Kong credit rating after China cut New Mexico lawmakers move to restore vetoed funding Cleveland ordered to reinstate airport whistleblower New Zealand to spend budget windfall on roads and cut taxes National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Local News Sports Living Classifieds 68° Full Menu 68° Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Business May 25, 2017 1:19 AM Chinese go champion begins 2nd game against computer The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WUZHEN, China China's top player of the ancient board game of go began a second game against a computer Thursday in a competition authorities limited the Chinese public's ability to see. Google's AlphaGo program defeated 19-year-old prodigy Ke Jie on Tuesday in the first of three games they are due to play this week at a forum on artificial intelligence in this town west of Shanghai. Internet users outside China could watch the games live but Chinese censors blocked most mainland web users from seeing the Google website carrying the feed. None of China's dozens of video sites carried the live broadcasts but a recording of Tuesday's game was available Wednesday night on one of the most popular sites, Youku.com. State media reports on the games have been brief, possibly reflecting Beijing's antipathy toward Google, which closed its China-based search engine in 2010 following a dispute over censorship and computer hacking. The official response to the match, a major event for go and artificial intelligence, reflects the conflict between the ruling Communist Party's technology ambitions and its insistence on controlling what its public can see, hear and read. The possible reason for suppressing coverage while allowing Google to organize the event was unclear. Censorship orders to Chinese media are officially secret and government officials refuse to confirm whether online material is blocked. Machines have mastered most other games. They conquered chess in 1997 when IBM Corp.'s Deep Blue system defeated champion Garry Kasparov, but go was considered more challenging. Players take turns putting white or black stones on a rectangular grid with 361 intersections, trying to capture territory and each other's pieces by surrounding them. The near-infinite number of possible positions requires intuition and flexibility that players had thought would take computers at a least another decade to master. This week's games are taking place in a hall where Chinese leaders hold the annual World Internet Conference, an event attended by global internet companies. Reports by Chinese newspapers and websites on AlphaGo's victory Tuesday were brief, despite Ke's post-game news conference being packed with scores of reporters. None mentioned Google. Government TV in Zhejiang province, where Wuzhen is located, showed a 90-second report about Tuesday's match but few other broadcasters mentioned it, even though go has millions of fans in China and Ke is a celebrity. Google says 60 million people in China watched online as AlphaGo played South Korea's go champion in March 2016. The communist government encourages internet use for business and education but operates elaborate online monitoring and censorship. Censors block access to social media and video-sharing websites such as Facebook and YouTube. Internet companies are required to employ teams of censors to watch social media and remove banned material. China has the world's biggest population of internet users, with some 730 million people online by the end of last year, according to government data. Web surfers can get around online filters using virtual private networks, but Beijing has cracked down on use of those. Beijing's relationship with Google is especially prickly. The company, headquartered in Mountain View, California, opened a China-based search site in 2006 and cooperated with official censorship. That prompted complaints from human rights and other activists and free press groups such as Reporters Without Borders. In 2010, Google announced it no longer wanted to comply after hacking attacks on the company were traced to China. The company shut down its China search engine and visitors were automatically transferred to another Google service in Hong Kong, but that stopped after Chinese authorities objected. Online filters slow access to the Hong Kong site enough to discourage many users. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 1:11 5 days ago The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 0:16 7 days ago Cook Like No One’s Watching – 2017 IKEA Catalog 0:58 7 days ago IKEA is coming to Cary View More Video Business The Latest: GOP hopeful charged with misdemeanor assault Census: Suburban Triangle towns see population boom Test rocket launched into space from New Zealand pad New Zealand to spend budget windfall on roads and cut taxes 23 million more uninsured with GOP health bill, analysts say Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
News Sports Business Food 55° Full Menu 55° Home Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Nation & World May 24, 2017 10:31 PM Chinese go champion begins 2nd game against computer The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story BEIJING A computer that plays go has begun a second game against China's top player in a match authorities are limiting the Chinese public's ability to see. Thursday's game is one of three that 19-year-old Ke Jie and Google's AlphaGo computer program are due to play this week at a forum on artificial intelligence in a town west of Shanghai. Internet users outside China can watch the game live but Chinese censors blocked access to the website carrying the feed. State media reports on the event have been limited, possibly reflecting Beijing's antipathy toward Google, which closed its China-based search engine in 2010 following a dispute over censorship and computer hacking. AlphaGo won its first game Tuesday against Ke. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 15 hours ago A cross country ride to the Vietnam Memorial stops in Kansas 4:03 15 hours ago A cross country ride to the Vietnam Memorial stops in Kansas 2:50 16 hours ago Over 60 and dancing at W.N.B.A. center court 0:34 16 hours ago A hungry thief is just a little husky View More Video Nation & World The Latest: GOP hopeful charged with misdemeanor assault Montana GOP House candidate Gianforte cited for misdemeanor assault on reporter The Latest: US lawmaker says UK bomb showed 'sophistication' Ellsbury to DL after hitting wall; Yanks beat Royals 3-0 GOP candidate charged with misdemeanor assault of reporter Nation & World Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Chinese go champion begins 2nd game against computer By Associated Press Published: 01:19 EDT, 25 May 2017 | Updated: 01:19 EDT, 25 May 2017 e-mail WUZHEN, China (AP) - China's top player of the ancient board game of go began a second game against a computer Thursday in a competition authorities limited the Chinese public's ability to see. Google's AlphaGo program defeated 19-year-old prodigy Ke Jie on Tuesday in the first of three games they are due to play this week at a forum on artificial intelligence in this town west of Shanghai. Internet users outside China could watch the games live but Chinese censors blocked most mainland web users from seeing the Google website carrying the feed. None of China's dozens of video sites carried the live broadcasts but a recording of Tuesday's game was available Wednesday night on one of the most popular sites, Youku.com. State media reports on the games have been brief, possibly reflecting Beijing's antipathy toward Google, which closed its China-based search engine in 2010 following a dispute over censorship and computer hacking. The official response to the match, a major event for go and artificial intelligence, reflects the conflict between the ruling Communist Party's technology ambitions and its insistence on controlling what its public can see, hear and read. The possible reason for suppressing coverage while allowing Google to organize the event was unclear. Censorship orders to Chinese media are officially secret and government officials refuse to confirm whether online material is blocked. Machines have mastered most other games. They conquered chess in 1997 when IBM Corp.'s Deep Blue system defeated champion Garry Kasparov, but go was considered more challenging. Players take turns putting white or black stones on a rectangular grid with 361 intersections, trying to capture territory and each other's pieces by surrounding them. The near-infinite number of possible positions requires intuition and flexibility that players had thought would take computers at a least another decade to master. This week's games are taking place in a hall where Chinese leaders hold the annual World Internet Conference, an event attended by global internet companies. Reports by Chinese newspapers and websites on AlphaGo's victory Tuesday were brief, despite Ke's post-game news conference being packed with scores of reporters. None mentioned Google. Government TV in Zhejiang province, where Wuzhen is located, showed a 90-second report about Tuesday's match but few other broadcasters mentioned it, even though go has millions of fans in China and Ke is a celebrity. Google says 60 million people in China watched online as AlphaGo played South Korea's go champion in March 2016. The communist government encourages internet use for business and education but operates elaborate online monitoring and censorship. Censors block access to social media and video-sharing websites such as Facebook and YouTube. Internet companies are required to employ teams of censors to watch social media and remove banned material. China has the world's biggest population of internet users, with some 730 million people online by the end of last year, according to government data. Web surfers can get around online filters using virtual private networks, but Beijing has cracked down on use of those. Beijing's relationship with Google is especially prickly. The company, headquartered in Mountain View, California, opened a China-based search site in 2006 and cooperated with official censorship. That prompted complaints from human rights and other activists and free press groups such as Reporters Without Borders. In 2010, Google announced it no longer wanted to comply after hacking attacks on the company were traced to China. The company shut down its China search engine and visitors were automatically transferred to another Google service in Hong Kong, but that stopped after Chinese authorities objected. Online filters slow access to the Hong Kong site enough to discourage many users. ___ AlphaGo game live broadcast: http://events.google.com/alphago2017/ Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS FIRST LOOK: Perrie Edwards wears chainmail bra top to writhe around as Leigh-Anne Pinnock wears sexy pink waist-high boots for new Little Mix music video Power  'Happy anniversary my love': Adoring Michelle Keegan locks lips with beau Mark Wright while joyously ringing in two years as husband and wife 'I'll look after her': Zoe Ball's son Woody Cook pledges to take care of grieving mum in heartfelt Instagram tribute... following the sudden death of her late boyfriend Billy Yates Ooh la la! Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx board private jet together during romantic trip to Paris... as actor continues to deny romance She scrubs up well! Bella Thorne dons silver gown and tiara in Cannes as she takes a break from canoodling with Scott Disick New fling?  'Sex addict' Scott Disick's forgets to zip up his trousers as he steps out to party in Cannes after a raunchy day with Bella Thorne Kourtney's ex Kendall Jenner dons diamonds and tasseled bra-top in Cannes with beau A$AP Rocky She's finally brought her 'boyfriend' on her French getaway Ciao Bella! Hadid turns heads in pin-flaunting pink satin lace-up gown as she debuts fringe at luxury perfume launch in Italy Silver siren 'I'm not in control of what I look like': Modern Family's Sarah Hyland reveals health issues as she responds to body shamers on social media Bountiful and booty-ful: Ariel Winter exposes her derriere in a revealing bikini snap while kissing beau She's never one to cover up her curvy figure Bikini-clad Billie Faiers flashes her extraordinarily flat stomach as she continues to display her trim physique three months after baby Arthur's birth New mum Irina Shayk bares her impeccably toned midriff in a sheer gown as she joins leggy Doutzen Kroes and Lara Stone at Cannes L'Oreal party... two months after giving birth For the frill of it! Mischa Barton wears 70s style sheer orange embroidered gown as she steps out at L'Oreal bash in Cannes Happy and healthy  What cat fight? Carefree Katy Perry brings out her wild side in leopard print top for London night out... after claiming she 'has no beef' with former nemesis Taylor Swift 'They're chalk and cheese!' Noel Fielding and Paul Hollywood have 'struggled to bond' on the new Great British Bake Off thanks to their polar 'offbeat and gruff' personalities May the breast woman win! BFFs Blac Chyna and Amber Rose bare their busts in strapless bras for second day in a row on social media 'Let's stand up for Manchester': Celine Dion leads tribute to terror victims during show in Las Vegas Support for Ariana Grande and her fans 'They hate everything that we love': Bono expresses outrage over Manchester bombing... and voices sadness over Trump's followers Having his say 'Attention-seeking... deluded clowns': Piers Morgan slams Lily Allen and Charlotte Church in Twitter row in the aftermath of Manchester attack 'You just don't know when your time is': Rosario Dawson discusses late cousin Vaneza Ines Vazquez...weeks after actress 'found her unresponsive' Kim Kardashian's Beverly Hills starter home, where ex-husband Kris Humphries proposed, hits the market for $5.5m Busty Kylie Jenner flashes cleavage in plunging white mesh top as she puckers up for selfies She is never shy to expose her best bits 'He opened my eyes to how women should be treated': Shanina Shaik gushes over fiancé DJ Ruckus and reveals wedding plans 'are set in stone' Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her toned abs and ample cleavage in a bralet as she joins scantily-clad sister Kendall Jenner for night out in Cannes Hello sunshine! Rosario Dawson stuns in yellow dress as she works red carpet for charity event... weeks after finding her cousin dead in her home 'Getting back to what I do best!' Liam Gallagher says he's ready to move on from his divorce and 'the last four years of f**king private-life bulls**t' as he returns to making music Busty Rita Ora shows off eye-popping cleavage in deeply plunging gown paired with dripping diamonds as she belts out hits at Cannes jewellery bash Braless Eva Longoria flashes cleavage and sideboob in daring sheer gown with thigh high splits at Cannes L'Oreal party Top of the crops! Vanessa Hudgens shows off toned tummy during casual outing in Los Angeles After hosting the Billboard Music Awards Ronnie Wood, 69, undergoes surgery for a lung lesion a week before his 70th birthday... and days after his twin daughters turn one Sisters-in-law Cameron Diaz and Nicole Richie catch up over pamper session at nail salon in Beverly Hills Move over, Ross! Two new male hunks are set to steal the limelight from Poldark star Aidan Turner with their own topless scenes in series three  Ivanka and Jared's Roman date night: Couple slips away for a romantic evening of pizza, pasta and red wine at a local restaurant  'She's ready to see her babies!': Tina Knowles dishes on pregnant daughter Beyonce and her star-studded baby shower Ready for the twins 'I won't be taking my shirt off': Peter Andre, 44, announces first Australian tour in over 20 YEARS but admits his trademark six-pack is long gone Golden girl: Cannes juror Jessica Chastain shows off her tiny waist in a metallic midi dress at glamorous star-studded Chanel party Pretty in pink  Zoe Saldana dons trendy cold-shoulder dress at Avatar opening in Disney's Animal Kingdom She's a real knockout! Busty Baywatch babe Charlotte McKinney leaves the gym after a boxing session Before her latest film Baywatch hits theatres 'We've never been more relevant': Kevin Spacey compares House Of Cards to Donald Trump's presidency but they have 'better writers' 'Any one else not having the time of their life?' Dirty Dancing remake of 1987 movie gets torn apart on Twitter Fans were displeased Stalker who broke into Sandra Bullock's home is to be released on probation after making plea deal Was held on $2.185 million bail  How Real Housewives live! Lisa Rinna steps out for coffee in fur-trimmed designer slip-ons in Beverly Hills Paired the pricey shoes with jeans The Thorne in her side! Shirtless Scott Disick, 33, can't keep his hands off bikini-clad babe Bella, 19, as they bring their new love affair to Cannes Her own best advert! Kendall Jenner shows off pert derriere in white thong bodysuit as she models new Kendall + Kylie line Cheeky monkey Swimsuit-clad Kourtney Kardashian, 38, parades her new toy boy lover Younes Bendjima, 24, on nearby day at sea Cannes you believe it? Barry White's son Darryl 'suing singer's widow for a bigger chunk of late father's estate' 'Blah blah blah': Justin Bieber forgets the lyrics to Spanish hit Despacito - which he features in - during surprise performance Too late to say sorry? Jaden Smith's Netflix series The Get Down cancelled after just one season It was one of the most costly projects backed by Netflix  Massive orgy scene filmed for HBO drama series sees 200 naked actors spend a week on a ferry Queenscliff Ferry was the stage for a raunchy orgy Teamwork! Ashley Graham flashes major cleavage as she gets in sweaty workout at the gym with husband Justin Ervin Love Island's Cally Jane Beech shows off incredible post-baby body TWO WEEKS after giving birth as she joins beau Luis Morrison at Baywatch screening In-vest-ing in herself! Fitness fanatic Lucy Hale dons sleeveless top and leggings for gym session in LA It is not easy being a young Hollywood starlet Harlow can you go? Winnie flashes her underwear in daring cream co-ord following a series of outfit changes at L'Oreal bash as she debuts stylish new pixie cut at Cannes Film Festival Her favourite sparring partner! Cindy Crawford and husband Randy Gerber are a matching pair in leather at charity boxing event Fashion pals Flight of the Fenix! Red-haired Fergie looks sensational in a latex ensemble as she films new music video in Downtown LA Dazzling Sexy señorita! Britney Spears stuns in flamenco style mini dress in series of Instagram snaps Radiant in red  Nicole Kidman gets overly affectionate with co-stars Kirsten Dunst and Elle Fanning on Cannes red carpet following constant PDAs with husband Keith Urban No pants? No problem! Jennifer Hudson appears to wear just a shirt as she shops for bling at Neil Lane A red plaid shirt and not much else Hollywood royalty! The Crown star Claire Foy is radiant in stripes as she joins co-star Matt Smith at Netflix event in LA British actress hoped to persuade Emmy voters  'You can't blend in when you were born to stand out': Julia Roberts and Owen Wilson star in heartwarming Wonder trailer with Room actor Jacob Tremblay The ICE-cream of the crop: Kourtney Kardashian risks a nip-slip in VERY daring crossover top as sister Kendall Jenner goes braless in Cannes She's a Hart-breaker! Model Jessica sizzles in excruciatingly high-rise lingerie while strutting her stuff at Philipp Plein Cannes fashion show Turning heads  Irina Shayk displays her post-baby figure in sizzling sheer gown and waist-cinching belt at The Beguiled premiere in Cannes... just TWO months after giving birth  Busty Kirsten Dunst and co-star Elle Fanning wear complementing prom queen gowns at star-studded Cannes premiere of The Beguiled The apple doesn't fall far from the Willoughby! Beaming Holly looks chic in curve-hugging denim dress as she heads to lunch with lookalike mum Stranger Things' kids take over Lip Sync Battle for hilarious episode... as co-host Chrissy Teigen dresses like Barb Mandy Moore dons black and white pencil dress for College TV Awards... after guest star gig on Drunk History Golden Globe nominee Right on the Monae! Janelle rocks black and white sweater dress while showcasing her svelte gams in tight leggings Magical in monochrome Out on the town! Chloe Grace Moretz opts for a low-key looks as she enjoys evening at Hamburger Mary's in West Hollywood with her pals No time to spare! Topless Bethenny Frankel flashes her ample bosom as she gets completely naked while changing in the car Business mogul  Feeling hair-self! Nicki Minaj tries to go incognito as she jets into Cannes by shielding her face with her ankle-length locks... after vowing to perform for Manchester fans in 2018 She makes it Work! Rihanna wears a rare dressed-down look in jeans and slogan  T-shirt as she heads to the studio in New York Casual but chic  Make-up free Tamara Ecclestone puts her best foot forward as she steps out in eye-catching furry pink sliders leaving beauty spa in London Still in great shape! Kelsey Grammer, 62, shows off toned chest as he splashes around with wife, 37, and son, two, in Miami pool Pool party Priyanka Chopra stuns in flirty dress as she stops by Extra studio in Hollywood to promote upcoming comedy Baywatch Leggy lady Bold Izabel Goulart steals the show as she appears to go NAKED under totally sheer dazzling gown during The Beguiled Cannes premiere Glamorous Nicole Kidman dazzles in show-stopping fringe gown as she arrives at The Beguiled premiere in Cannes looking radiant Showing how it's done FLASH-bulbs! Braless Victoria Hervey flaunts her cleavage and bare derriere in embellished THONG worn under sheer orange dress at the Beguiled premiere in Cannes Rebel Wilson claims she was dumped from Kung Fu Panda 3 after 'malicious' articles - as she shares childhood photos during defamation trial Enjoying the view! Gerard Butler checks out a pretty blonde after his ex Morgan Brown steps out with newly-single Liev Schreiber Ariana Grande's brother Frankie is seen for first time since Manchester terror attack at her show Has been keeping a low profile Heavenly Bella Hadid recreates Farrah Fawcett's iconic Charlie's Angels image as she cruises around on a skateboard Cruising along Hilaria Baldwin shows off hint of abs in edgy rocker shirt and skinny jeans as she steps out with casually clad husband Alec Cute couple  Elsa Hosk inspects her assets beneath stunning princess gown before  wardrobe malfunction as she joins Elsa Hosk and a bevy of models at The Beguiled Cannes premiere Hailey Baldwin flashes some serious leg and a cheeky hint of her bodysuit in thigh-split gown at the premiere of The Beguiled in Cannes Legs eleven Eva Longoria grapples with her ample assets in daring cut out gown as she comes daringly close to a wardrobe malfunction at Philipp Plein's Cannes presentation Because she's worth it! Barbara Palvin wows in silver metallic dress after dazzling in diamanté topped black gown... as her outfit tally reaches FIVE in a day Glamorous Paris Hilton packs on the PDA with boyfriend Chris Zylka as she flaunts her cleavage in plunging gown at L'Oreal party Cute couple Frill seeker! Sofia Vergara wears flirty top and boyfriend jeans as she enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Showed off her effortless sartorial style 'I'm ready, Tom': Val Kilmer reveals he wants to reprise Iceman role following cancer battle after Cruise confirms Top Gun 2 'Always tuck the thumb': Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson hilariously recreates THAT iconic Nineties fanny pack snap Iconic  It's VorderBUM! Carol, 56, displays her VERY pert derriere in chic figure-hugging grey dress as she films at Chelsea Flower Show Former Rear Of The Year Poppin' bottles! Khloe Kardashian carries champagne off private jet as she lands in LA after watching beau Tristan's team head toward finals Just the two of us! Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds hold hands as the cuddle up together on romantic stroll without their children  Cute couple Gillian Jacobs shows off her porcelain skin in stylish LBD for screening of comedy Dean About loss, grief and the redemptive power of love Best friends! Katharine McPhee takes pooches on walk as she flashes svelte legs during break from filming The Lost Wife of Robert Durst Selena Gomez buys a three-bedroom, 3,188sqft house in Los Angeles for a 'bargain' $2.25m 30 minutes' drive from  The Weeknd's pad 'Back in a bikini!' TOWIE's Amber Turner shows off her tiny midriff in a skimpy turquoise two-piece as she enjoys sun-kissed break in Marbella 'I was devastated': Jessica Wright confesses that cruel body-shamers who took aim of her bikini body last year inspired her to overhaul her fitness regime 'Producers have had enough': Scotty T and Marty McKenna are 'KICKED OFF Geordie Shore after hard-partying grow increasingly out of hand' It's a girl! Survivor villain Jonny Fairplay announces birth of second child His first child with wife Caryn Finkbeiner Amber Portwood's fiance Matt Baier accused by cancer survivor of 'cheating with her in Vegas'... as it's alleged Teen Mom 'may film porno' Baywatch beauty Kelly Rohrbach swaps iconic red swimsuit for racy black lingerie as she poses for sultry Esquire shoot Just as glamorous  Kris Jenner's stalker is ordered to stay away from her for THREE YEARS after he tried to break into her mansion for a third time Still in custody 'Thank you for being the best husband and father!': Kim Kardashian gushes over Kanye West on day of three-year wedding anniversary 'The great war is here': Sensational new trailer for Game Of Thrones season seven sees Daenerys unleash her dragons on Westeros  Winter is coming again 'I'm very, very happy': Kit Harington reveals he is living with girlfriend Rose Leslie as he talks wanting 'a few years of relative obscurity' after GOT Halfway there! Pregnant Heidi Montag proudly shows off her five months along bump after taking a stroll with her fur babies Bumping along nicely All hail Hailey! Baldwin sizzles as she flaunts her slender legs in a bright red satin mini-dress for lunch in Cannes Sizzling fashion takeover Really coming out of her shell! Italian model Bianca Balti flashes her nipples as she dares to bare all for naked shoot inspired by The Birth of Venus in Cannes Diane Kruger looks effortlessly stylish in pinstriped palazzo trousers and white tank top as she attends Women in Motion event in Cannes Beautiful in black! Nina Dobrev flaunts her abs as she throws a chic blazer over a crop top and flared trousers in New York City Chic and cheerful Engaged! Drug cheat cyclist Lance Armstrong finally pops the question to Anna Hansen... after 10 years together and two kids To walk down the aisle 'It's just so amazing I love it!' Kim Kardashian's close friend Jonathan Cheban gushes about DailyMail.com because 'it's like a diary of his life'  Tyra Banks 'humiliated and verbally abused' a minor on 'America's Got Talent' set while also trying to get the girl to mock her mother's failed audition on camera, claims lawsuit  Make-up free Kendall Jenner shows off her peachy posterior in unusual Bardot swimsuit as she enjoys paddle-boarding session in Cannes Aidan Gillen looks worlds away from his Game Of Thrones character as he is seen on set of Peaky Blinders for the first time Best known as Petyr  Absolute pants! Controversial director Roman Polanski, 83, larks about in his underwear during the Cannes Film Festival Morning stretches? Plait's the way to do it: Lily Collins fashions her hair in a kooky braid as she arrives in London after a glittering turn at the Cannes Film Festival  Wild thing! Amber Rose flaunts her sensational hourglass curves in animal print workout catsuit as she steps out in Hollywood On the prowl Suns out, Mum's out! Sam Faiers embraces the hot weather as she steps out make-up free in a denim mini dress... a week after series of The Mummy Diaries ends 'A once-entertaining franchise staggering around, devoid of purpose': Critics tear apart Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Lies 'What are you hiding, Peter?': Zendaya is seen questioning Parker in third Spider-Man trailer as Robert Downey Jr tells the hero to pull it together Wonder Woman CANCELS European premiere in London 'out of respect for the Manchester terror attack victims' 'We stand together': Coronation Street set to pay tribute to Manchester attack victims with special post after show 'Our hearts are with you!' Miley Cyrus dedicates The Voice performance to 'good friend' Ariana Grande and the Manchester terror attack victims 'It's incredibly sad': Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan are close to tears as they reveal missing teen Olivia Campbell, 15, died in Manchester attack 'Classic narcissistic Madonna': Singer slammed by fans over 'self-indulgent' Manchester bombing tribute snap with a pouting Ariana Grande Halsey details her ongoing battle with bipolar disorder in new interview with Debbie Harry, admitting she struggles with the pressure to look 'well behaved and calm'  Baby countdown! Beyonce's security team is 'conducting weekly trial runs to the hospital' as she prepares to give birth to twins Kim Kardashian DELETES Instagram snap of herself partying with Ariana Grande posted in tribute to Manchester victims... after coming under fire Victoria's Secret stunner Elsa Hosk flaunts her fantastic figure and endless legs in an itsy-bitsy white bikini as she relaxes in Cannes Prints charming! Queen Maxima looks polished in a patterned skirt and peplum top as she attends a financial report in Paris Queen of fashion Mark Hamill slimmed for 50 WEEKS before learning he had ONE SCENE in The Force Awakens... as he reveals funeral heckle promise to Carrie Fisher 'I would never knowingly wear anything to cause offence': Marnie Simpson apologises for sporting 'racist' jacket... as she heads back out on 'toon' The real Angel of the North! Chloe Ferry sports head-to-toe lycra as she dresses as statue for night out... after stripping NAKED on Geordie Shore Putting her skills to the test! Toni Collette to star, produce and sing in adaptation of bestselling author Graeme Simsion's novel The Best of Adam Sharp She's so 80s... 1880s! Maggie Gyllenhaal takes inspiration from Little House On The Prairie set as she hits Valentino event in old fashioned gown Meghan Markle's friend Priyanka Chopra insists the actress is more than just 'Prince Harry's girlfriend' during a TV interview (and still wants a wedding invite) 'He's a nerd, in a good way!': Alexandra Daddario looks chic in NYC to plug Baywatch after complimenting her rumoured flame Zac Efron Katie Price reveals her children have been 'deeply affected' by Manchester attack... as Loose Women discuss best ways to address terror with youngsters 'She has reached out': Ariana Grande fans claim the 'broken' pop superstar has offered to cover funeral costs for victims of Manchester terror attack 'I don't want to conform!' Nicole Kidman talks about taking on edgy roles as she has FOUR movies in this year's Cannes Film Festival Tom Cruise makes VERY rare comment about daughter Suri and her future as an actress He has largely stayed mum since 2012 split from Katie EXCLUSIVE 'Frankie approves': Joey Essex reveals he's introduced love interest Georgie Purves to his family... but claims they're keeping things 'casual' Single and shining bright! Joanna Krupa adds some sparkle on a dark Polish night as she heads out solo Added some glitz and glamour to casual style Bella-issimo! Model Hadid is effortlessly stunning in form-fitting metallic dress and shades she poses for rooftop Bulgari shoot in Rome Nicole Kidman flaunts her svelte frame in nude lace gown while Elle Fanning and Kirsten Dunst make a statement in white for The Beguiled photocall in Cannes 'It's like no time has passed': The Saturdays enjoy a rare reunion to mark Mollie King's 30th birthday in style The fivesome proved they're still best of friends 'Always a good giggle with you': Cheyenne Tozzi enjoys 'girl time' with Nicky Hilton after 'heartbreaking split with businessman beau Jon Adgemis' Garrn-ering attention! Model Toni shows off her flawless decolletage and lean legs in figure-hugging soaring split lilac gown for Cannes jewellery party A beauty in blue! Victoria's Secret model Georgia Fowler stuns as she showcases her trim figure in a backless dress in Cannes Australian beauty 'Cannes you feel it!': Bikini-clad Kourtney Kardashian sizzles as she tops up tan on luxury yacht... as sister Kendall Jenner larks around on an inflatable Comedian Jason Manford deletes Twitter after being targeted by trolls over message to Ariana Grande as it emerges his family friend is among victims Eamonn Holmes apologises for 'mistaking the mood' after he is savaged on Twitter for branding Manchester police chief 'PC Plod' over terror attack statement 'Are you pregnant?' YouTube superstar Zoella sends fans into a flurry over whether she's expecting a child with Alfie Deyes after water birth tweet 'I think you're a winner!' Gwen Stefani cheers up boyfriend Blake Shelton after his protege loses The Voice finale Stand by your man 'After a hard and harrowing day this was such a treat!' Rebel Wilson tucks into a nitro dessert after court battle against tabloid magazine Bare-faced beauty! Makeup-free Ruby Rose reveals her heavily-tattooed arms as she steps out in activewear for a casual stroll in Los Angeles A superhero's welcome! Actor Hugh Jackman is mobbed by fans while attending Logan premiere in Tokyo Plenty of fans outside  Daisy Lowe slips her enviably slender figure into stylish ruffled floral gown as she commands attention at Jimmy Choo bash in London Gorgeous floral maxi 'She's such a power': Anastacia pays tribute to Ariana Grande after 'cowardly' Manchester terror attack... as she prepares to perform in city on Saturday Make-up free Katie Price makes a low key arrival at Loose Women studios... as husband Kieran Hayler prepares for first TV interview about cheating scandal  'She's a moron and a liar!' Bethenny Frankel's mother slams the star even though she's built a $100m Skinnygirl empire and was a hit on RHONY EXCLUSIVE 'I was never happy with my body': Jessica Wright shows off fitness results in a leotard... and says conquering insecurities made her ready for love As ABC gets ready to premiere its controversial Dirty Dancing remake, FEMAIL reveals what happened to the cast of the 1987 movie His own little Human! Rag 'n' Bone Man 'is expecting his first child with long-term girlfriend Beth Rouy' Hitmaker and partner of eight years are expecting EXCLUSIVE: First photos of Ariana Grande since Manchester attack show tearful pop star being comforted by her boyfriend as she's whisked off a private jet Justin Bieber's fans beg the star to cancel his upcoming London show in wake of terrorist attack... as defiant Katy Perry and Lorde refuse to axe UK gig There she blows! Kim Kardashian looks windswept as she enjoys a lunch date with Kanye West in Malibu The two were spotted on a rare day date 007's four formidable wives made Bond girls look like pussycats: How Sir Roger Moore's face and physique were adored by the camera... and the ladies Chris Cornell's remains are cremated at Hollywood Forever Cemetery ahead of private funeral service on Friday Private cremation  EXCLUSIVE: Sex with Kate Moss, threesomes at Jude Law's house, meth - and 'f***ed up' Courtney Love: Noughties rockers reveal naughty secrets For the frill of it! Glowing Lindsay Lohan puts on demure display in a floral high-neck frock as she enjoys De Grisogono party during Cannes Film Festival Newly-single Kimberley Garner goes braless in sheer gown... before changing into a see-through beach dress as she parties away troubles in Cannes Sexy Lady! Busty Jessie J puts on a racy display in VERY plunging gown as she performs at the de Grisogono party during Cannes Film Festival Orlando Bloom looks suave as he attends Pirates of the Caribbean screening... after 'apologising for night of passion' with waitress that got her fired The party doesn't stop! Princess Eugenie looks chic in a monochrome midi-dress as she attends a Jimmy Choo party during a whirlwind week of socialising Breast dressed! Jessica Chastain goes braless underneath crisp white blazer as she swaps her gown for striking trouser suit at Cannes dinner Rebel Wilson claims she was deleted from movie scenes after developing 'stress sores' and took sleeping tablets to 'deal with defamatory articles' EXCLUSIVE: Freddie Mercury drinking wine in a New York limo and Brian May mastering the guitar: Queen guitarist releases incredible unseen 3-D photographs 'The last thing he would want is for us to mourn': Former Bond girls Madeline Smith and Caroline Munro recall fond memories of Sir Roger Moore on GMB  Letting her hair down! Melania changes her outfit and her 'do as she leaves Air Force One in a checked suit after a quick flight from Rome to Brussels Say cheese! Melania Trump snaps selfies with sick children during her visit to the Vatican hospital, as Ivanka meets with human trafficking victims Smiling Queen arrives at St Paul's Cathedral for an OBE service with the Duke of Edinburgh as armed police line the streets amid tighter security  Julia Roberts dons mustard sweater and sandals in Malibu... and reveals how her kids reacted to her being People's Most Beautiful Woman 'It's happening, I'm going to start filming it in the next year': Tom Cruise CONFIRMS sequel to his classic 1986 film Top Gun There will be more  Busty Irina Shayk wows at Cannes Film Festival as she flaunts her post-baby figure in a daringly cut floor-length gown... just TWO months after giving birth VS angel Sara Sampaio puckers up for a smooch with handsome beau Oliver Ripley as she goes braless in racy sheer green gown 'You deserve to be cherished': Rochdale whistle-blower Sara Rowbotham is branded a 'hero' by First Dates viewers as she seeks to 'start life again' Nicole Scherzinger slips into cleavage-flaunting crop top ahead of Dirty Dancing performance on DWTS final in saucy Instagram snap  Ever(ly) so special! Jenna Dewan Tatum flaunts her toned legs in summery lace mini-dress as she takes her sweet little girl, 3, out in LA They shore look good! Kendall Jenner flashes her abs in a nautical-inspired crop top and flared cream trousers as leggy sister Kourtney pets a pooch in Cannes  Shining star! Katie Holmes steps out in a glittering dress for a gala at New York's prestigious Whitney Museum Hollywood starlet  An evening in Roma! Relaxed Bella Hadid can't contain her giggles as she enjoys dinner date with mystery man in Italy... before leaving with a bouquet of roses Inside the wedding of the year, the first photographs of Pippa's flower-laden $120,000 glass 'porta-palace'  An opulent display of flowers  The Pippa effect! From glass marquees to high-necked frocks and spectacular light shows, how the wedding of the year is ALREADY fuelling bridal trends Heartbroken Union J star George Shelley sings at his sister's funeral after the 21-year-old's death in a tragic car accident  Bristol service Here comes Mama June! Reality star sizzles in scarlet on red carpet after stunning 300lb weight loss She put her new size 4 figure on display 'Nobody does it better': Daniel Craig and Sir Sean Connery pay tribute to fellow Bond star Sir Roger Moore who has died aged 89 Longest-reigning 007= 'Our hearts are with you': Miley Cyrus dedicates song to 'good friend' Ariana Grande on finale of The Voice after horrific terrorist attack at UK concert Bieber's manager Scooter Braun will tighten security on upcoming UK festival following pleas from fans to cancel after Ariana concert attack 'Can't stop thinking about you': Manchester attack victim Georgina, 18, remembered by cast of Once Upon A Time after meeting actors at fanfest last month 'Money is no painkiller but I want to help': Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace offers to pay funeral costs for victims of Manchester terror attack  JAMES HARKIN: How Ariana Grande and her revealing stage outfits are a symbol of everything Islamists hate  Opinion piece 'How is this picture relevant?' Kim Kardashian's touching tribute to Manchester attack victims offends fans as she shares snap of herself partying  'I didn't mean to be ignorant': Louise Thompson apologises for posting bikini image in wake of Manchester terror attack... yet beau Ryan Libbey continues  George Clooney makes generous £1,000 donation to renovation of village hall ahead birth of twins Towards the cherished community asset  Rita Ora puts on an eye-popping display in plunging mini dress while Hailey Baldwin exhibits her ample cleavage in skintight look in Cannes Bust friends! Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off their impressive cleavage in gravity-defying black bras on Instagram Sofia Vergara looks chic in off-shoulder black dress as she heads to beauty salon in Beverly Hills Appeared to have put marriage rumours to bed 'I did try and reach out to her': Katy Perry would 'absolutely' answer a Facetime call from Taylor Swift to end their feud Burying the hatchet?  Surfing USA! Liam Hemsworth flaunts his ripped physique as he strips down for a surf session in Malibu... before suffering a HUGE wipeout in the waves PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ariana Grande's hero mum - who helped bring her terrified fans to safety - arrives back home in Florida Back in the States Pregnant Binky and sister Anna-Louise show off matching baby bumps as they celebrate brother Oliver's wedding with mum Jane and beau JP Pamela Anderson, 49, sports incredibly smooth complexion as she parties with leggy Paris Hilton at De Grisogono Party in Cannes Rita Ora flaunts her figure in intricate sheer gown while Eva Longoria highlights her frame as they lead the style at Cannes Film Festival Anniversary Soiree Kate Mara reveals her first kiss with fiance Jamie Bell was for a screen test 10 YEARS before they started dating Before Fantastic Four 'She's on my filthy MILF list!' Heartbreaker Jeremy McConnell left EOTB newbie Savannah Kemplay devastated after flirting with her MUM in midst of fling 'They were vultures': Rebel Wilson cries in court as she accuses magazine of ruining decades of hard work after 'jealous former schoolmate sold her out' Making a splash! Hands-on dad Kelsey Grammer is spotted enjoying a poolside vacation with his family in Miami No slowing down Demi Lovato shares intimate moment with Cheat Codes singer Trevor Dahl as she flashes toned tum while performing new song No Promises La La Anthony models leopard-print athleisure wear... after 'meeting with Kim Kardashian's divorce lawyer' Separated from her husband Carmelo Kourtney Kardashian, 38, flaunts her flat stomach in a bikini as she suns herself with shirtless boyfriend Younes Bendjima, 24, in Cannes Bringing the wow factor! Nicky Hilton cuts effortlessly elegant figure in regal black gown as she attends Valentino soiree in New York He's with her! Thrilled Tom Hanks cuddles up to Hillary Clinton at children's charity event in New York Clearly a big winner with celebrities 'You earned it!' Chris Blue wins season 12 of The Voice USA - much to the delight of his outgoing coach Alicia Keys Dropped to his knees  Something to tell us, Selma? Blair flashes a blingy ring (again) on THAT finger as she meets her beau Ron Carlson after a mani-pedi Squid, chocolate, gin ... the flavours that prove we really are crisp crazy: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  'Supernova at just the right time': Rashad Jennings and pro partner Emma Slater win season 24 of America's Dancing With The Stars  La dolce vita lives on: Barack Obama leaves Michelle behind to go for a walkabout in Bologna and is mobbed by adoring fans  He was in high spirits Marty McKenna and Chloe Ferry lead bevy of reality stars cast for Ex On The Beach... as they join Love Island's Max Morley, Sam Reece and Vicky Pattison's ex EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd like her to move to Oz!' TOWIE's Jamie Reed wants ex Amber Turner to leave the country... and that he confides in Mark and Michelle  Scott Disick, 34, risks awkward run-in as he arrives in Cannes with rumoured flame Bella Thorne, 19... while ex Kourtney parties with toyboy nearby Mischa Barton looks happy and healthy in a plunging black gown at Cannes Anniversary bash...  after sex tape scandal and public meltdown Astounding in apricot: Jessica Chastain embraces orange in a figure-hugging satin gown as she attends the anniversary party for Cannes Film Festival Antonio Banderas, 56, gets passionate with girlfriend Nicole Kimpel, 37, as she attends Cannes bash in TWO daringly sheer gowns that leave nothing to the imagination Priscilla Presley is stylish in sparkly semi sheer top and black top coat as she arrives at LAX after European tour The ex-wife of the late Elvis Presley  Sheer cheek! Busty Alice Eve flashes bra in see-through top as she grabs coffee during shopping spree in LA Her fantastic figure tends to turn heads  Carrie on running! Sarah Jessica Parker goes for a jog in flip-flops as she gets ready to film HBO show Divorce Can't be comfy She's chic! Julianne Moore is stylish in ivory jumpsuit with tassels at charity fundraiser in New York She put a retro spin on evening wear Effortlessly chic! Julianna Marguiles headlines children's charity bash in NYC in black halter neck top and tailored slacks Looked sensational at 50 Legs eleven...out of ten! Ashley Graham flashes flesh in skimpy mini-dress as she parties in West Hollywood Put her legs on display Chelsea Handler is pretty in silky blouse gathered at the neck and black slacks at Netflix event in LA A pair of nude heels completed the look Joanna Krupa stuns in flared pink trousers as she struts through Warsaw without a care in the world... after recently announcing marriage split Double denim diva! Braless Rihanna turns heads in an outrageous oversize jean jacket and billowing skirt as she steps out in New York Looking good  Princess Mary looks effortlessly chic for Emergency Services Summit before swapping for casual pastel pinstripes to pack school bags for kids Star in stripes: Reese Witherspoon hits the shops in Beverly Hills wearing nautical inspired outfit Certainly seemed happy with herself  Nicki Minaj struts through LAX in stylish purple bomber jacket... as she vows to perform for Manchester fans in 2018 Out and about Sheer to cause a stir! Katy Perry reveals her sports bra in bizarre see-through tracksuit as she catches a flight out of New York Transparent It's a Sign Of The Times! Harry Styles dons £260 Gucci T-shirt on Mexico getaway after enjoying success with his record breaking debut solo album Going nude! Helena Christensen, 48,  dazzles in a whimsical sheer dress to attend the Valentino fashion show in New York Blooming lovely Shopping up a storm! Lisa Rinna keeps it comfy in leggings as she picks up clothes at Barneys in Beverly Hills The 53-year-old reality star was fit and fab  'Ending a relationship like that is going to be heavy': Russell Crowe reveals his close friends Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman had a 'hard' split and denies he sided with the actress 'She's being very courageous': Rebel Wilson receives unlikely support from Russell Crowe in legal battle... years after he bluntly told her to 'f**k off' True crime story: Katharine McPhee gets into character on set of the Lifetime movie The Lost Wife of Robert Durst American Idol contestant James Corden will host program beginning this fall on Snapchat's Discover platform A digital series in which he'll will conduct a mock talent search Leggy Joanne Froggatt stuns in thigh-grazing sequin mini dress as she poses up a storm at fashion launch in Los Angeles Stunning in sequins Aren't they too young for the gym, Becks? Fans blast David and Victoria for allowing son Cruz, 12, to exercise on a rowing machine... as Harper, 5, goes boxing Blue jean baby! Karlie Kloss wears long cutoffs and a plain white T-shirt as she enjoys a casual stroll around New York City Looking lovely No shrinking violet! Teresa Palmer looks blooming beautiful as she shows off her post-baby body in a purple floral frock Gal Gadot shimmers in gold playing Box of Lies with Jimmy Fallon as the brunette beauty continues to promote Wonder Woman Plunging gold dress Inside the undersea world of Atlantis: Aerial shots of Aquaman set show construction is underway as Jason Momoa and Amber Heard film 'I checked I was still alive': Strictly star Brendan Cole recalls near death experience after falling 40ft from a ladder while cutting a tree with a chainsaw QUENTIN LETTS: He's as British as Worcester sauce. So why does Colin Firth want to be Italian? (Don't dare suggest he's having a Brexit hissy fit)  Effortlessly chic! Julianna Marguiles headlines children's charity bash in NYC in black halter neck top and tailored slacks Happily ever after? ABC's Dirty Dancing remake will reveal what happened to Baby and Johnny after the original movie ended Answering questions 'Devastated' Michael Caine leads tributes to Sir Roger Moore after the legendary James Bond actor died aged 89 after a short battle with cancer 'RIP my 007': Bond girls Jane Seymour and Britt Ekland pay tribute to former co-star Sir Roger Moore after his death aged 89 'I cannot imagine the agony parents are going through': Susanna Reid breaks down in tears on GMB over 'sickening' terror attack at Ariana Grande concert Ariana Grande's mother Joan 'escorted terrified fans to safety and comforted them backstage' moments after tragic explosion at singer's Manchester gig 'This painful memory will live with us forever': Ariana Grande's drummer on 'surreal' moment the bomb detonated at their Manchester gig  First episode of Sean Bean and Anna Friel's new BBC drama Broken is pulled from schedules in wake of Manchester terror attack The Night King is coming! HBO releases Game of Thrones season 7 key art featuring dreaded villain in creepy poster Hotly-anticipated  Emily Ratajkowski shows off her incredibly peachy posterior in barely-there white bikini as she continues sun-worshipping in Cannes Beach babe Gun show! Hilary Rhoda flaunts her muscular arms in plunging white jumpsuit at Whitney Museum Gala IMG Model 'She's hot as a pistol': Russell Crowe admits he's still attracted to ex Danielle Spencer after she DAZZLES in daring gown at The Mummy premiere Feeling blue! Chloe Grace Moretz emerges from pilates session in midnight bomber and thigh-skimming navy shorts Blue-tifull 26 years later David Lynch showed he was still the master of uniquely imaginative, disturbing, television. 12 great moments in the return of Twin Peaks, by JIM SHELLEY Kim Kardashian shares new behind-the-scenes photos from Azzedine Alaïa fittings taken just hours before her traumatic Paris robbery . PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Back to eating churros! Kim Kardashian is caught red-handed with the treat as she takes North and Kanye to Disneyland Meek Mill sued in fatal December shooting that broke out after his show  outside the Toyota Oakdale Theatre in 2016 'I don't want to be connected so much': Chris Pine admits he uses a FLIP PHONE...as he continues promoting Wonder Woman film 'It's surreal': Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller admits she's nervous about going to prison as she prepares to serve her fraud sentence Just what the doctor ordered! Martin Clunes strikes up a pose with a selfie stick... as he joins the cast of Doc Martin to film for the penultimate series of the show in Cornwall Elsa Hosk flaunts her sensational figure in a leotard and extravagant caped gown as she poses up a storm at Cannes jewellery party Not quite keeping up with Kim! Kendall Jenner flashes her perfectly pert derrière in skimpy yellow thong before switching to pink on yacht in Cannes 'Short hair DONT CARE': Justin Bieber posts series of shirtless snaps on Instagram as fans beg him to cancel London gig this summer Feeling the heat Nathan Massey vows to be 'civil' with Cara De La Hoyde for the sake of their child... as Olivia Buckland claims a baby could 'bring them together' Single Katy Perry boasts about her $25 million American Idol paycheck as she reveals she's 'ready for a beautiful man' after Orlando Bloom split Ready for summer! Nicky Hilton flaunts her lean legs in floral midi dress and bohemian braid at Valentino runway show Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Innovation Why did China censor DeepMind AlphaGo's match against 19-year-old world Go champion Ke Jie? The Chinese government issued a censorship notice forbidding the broadcast of the match. By Hyacinth Mascarenhas Updated May 25, 2017 06:56 BST China's 19-year-old Go player Ke Jie makes a move during the first match against Google's artificial intelligence programme AlphaGo in Wuzhen, east China's Zhejiang province on May 23, 2017.STR/AFP/Getty Images Google DeepMind's artificial intelligence software AlphaGo once again made history this week by defeating the world's best player in the ancient game of Go in China on Tuesday (23 May), but no one in the country was able to watch it happen. The Chinese government reportedly issued a censorship notice to local broadcasters and online publishers forbidding them against broadcasting the man-versus-machine face-off, The Guardian reports. "Regarding the Go match between Ke Jie and AlphaGo, no website, without exception, may carry a live stream," the notice read, China Digital Times reported. "If one has been announced in advance, please immediately withdraw it. "Again, we stress: This match may not be broadcast live in any form and without exception, including text commentary, photography, video streams, self-media accounts and so on. No website (including sports and technology channels) or desktop or mobile apps may issue news alerts or push notifications about the course or result of the match." Three Chinese journalists also told Quartz that they received oral instructions from local authorities that their organisations were not allowed to livestream the "Future of Go" summit taking place from 23 to 27 May. One reporter said that his publication was asked not to mention Google's name while reporting the event. Another said it was allowed to name Google, but not discuss any of Google's products in their reports. Ke, a 19-year-old prodigy, lost his first match in a three-game contest against AlphaGo on Tuesday by a slim half a point. The 3,000-year old board-game is seen as a much more complex game than chess since it relies on a certain level of "human intuition". "Last year, it was still quite humanlike when it played," Ke said after the game. "But this year, it became like a god of Go." Last year, AlphaGo took down world Go champion Lee Sedol in a five-game series in Seoul, South Korea. Interestingly, the 5-day Future of Go summit held in Wuzhen, China, was organised in collaboration with the China Go Association and the Chinese government. Game went to a count. #AlphaGo won by just half a point, the closest margin possible. Ke Jie played a great game.— Demis Hassabis (@demishassabis) May 23, 2017 #AlphaGo wins game 1! Ke Jie fought bravely and some wonderful moves were played.— Demis Hassabis (@demishassabis) May 23, 2017 The reasons for the coverage ban are unclear; however, the ban does accentuate China's complicated relationship with Google. In 2010, Google said it would stop censoring search results and decided to pull out of China following a cyberattack that affected numerous Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists. Other services such as Facebook and Twitter are also unavailable in China. "The victory took place in China, a rising power in the field of artificial intelligence that is increasingly seen as a rival to the United States," The New York Times reports. "Chinese officials perhaps unwittingly demonstrated their conflicted feelings at the victory by software backed by a company from the United States, as they cut off live streams of the contest within the mainland even as the official news media promoted the promise of artificial intelligence. All three matches are livestreamed by DeepMind on Google's YouTube, which is also blocked in China along with the company's other services. However, multiple streaming sites such as bilbili.com offered their own versions of the game by replicating it move by move in real-time, allowing viewers to follow the historic match. "Anything that demonstrates that something special about China has turned out to be just another artificial intelligence problem that Google is better solving than any other company is additionally problematic," Clay Shirky, a professor at New York University Shanghai, told NYT. "Because it threatens the specialness of the culture." The next two matches between AlphaGo and Ke are scheduled for Thursday and Saturday. More Technology news: AlphaGo defeats world's best Go player Ke Jie as humans prove no match for AI again DeepMind's AlphaGo AI to take on world's best human Go player and 5 humans simultaneously in May Surprise! Google's AI neural network has been secretly beating the world's top Go players in online matches Related topics : Artificial Intelligence Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close DJI launches tiny Spark selfie drone controlled by the wave of your hand Columnists Julie Lenarz “Focus on the victims of the Manchester attack - our children, murdered in cold blood READ MORE VW emissions cheat code discovered Computer researchers have discovered how Volkswagen and Audi cars... Grand Theft Auto 5 tops 80 million sales Take-Two reveals game originally released in 2013 sold 5 million... 'Cloak and Dagger' attacks could be major threat facing Android 'This is as dangerous an attack as we could possibly describe' expert... Why did China censor DeepMind AlphaGo's match against 19-year-old world Go champion Ke Jie? The Chinese government issued a censorship notice forbidding against... British MPs get abused in every 20th tweet they receive The abuse peaked after the EU referendum vote. Fake apps on Google Play Store posing as WannaCry ransomware protection WannaCry strain of ransomware is a Windows-only exploit and doesn't... DJI launches tiny Spark selfie drone controlled by the wave of your hand Spark is a mini camera drone that follows you around, allowing you to... Manchester attack: Trolls target parents with fake missing children and sick Ariana Grande memes Photos of children in other countries are being stolen for use in... 'Affordable' private jet brings luxury aviation to the masses for $2m The Cirrus Aircraft Vision jet receives European Aviation Safety... Shell Eco-Marathon: How the world's most efficient cars are shaping motoring's future IBTimes UK drives two highly efficient prototype cars ahead of the... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Assistant now offers topical next-word keyboard suggestions Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/05/24 7:57am PDTMay 24, 2017 40 Plus 1 on G+ 57 Share on Facebook 50 Share on Twitter Total Shares147 Google News A number of interesting upgrades for the Google Assistant were announced during the I/O developer conference last week, including the option to use the keyboard as the default input method instead of voice. Now that people have had a chance to play with the new setting it's become apparent that Assistant offers its own next-word suggestions, seemingly related to current events. How this works will depend on which keyboard you're using. If you’re using Gboard, its suggestions line will be disabled entirely and those from the Assistant will be displayed instead, as you can see in the first example below. If you're using another keyboard, such as SwiftKey (shown in the second example below), you'll see Assistant's proposed next words in a supplementary line above the keyboard's own. It stands to reason the implementation is a little smoother with Google's own Gboard.   Left: Assistant suggestions with Gboard. Right: With SwiftKey, Assistant adds a second row of suggestions. From the examples shown, and others we've tested, it seems next-word suggestions from the Google Assistant work much like the instant autocomplete queries that show up when you use Google Search, in that they will change depending on what's trending at the time. This could save you a lot of time if you're searching for something related to current affairs or even recent technology news. Another potentially useful aspect of this new feature can be seen when not entering anything with the keyboard at all. At this point, Assistant will show you the last two voice queries that a linked device has dealt with. In the example below, the last two questions Artem asked his Google Home are now appearing as suggestions. That's pretty useful if you want to see the information Google Home has already read out to you in written form, or if you want to explore the topic further. If anyone comes across anything else of interest, be sure to let us know. Thanks: Kavan Trivedi and Carson Saldanha Tags assistant gboard Google keyboard real-time suggestions Swiftkey subscribe ... Previous Story Google Opinion Rewards is now available in India, Singapore, and Turkey ... Next Story Garmin announces the VIRB 360-degree action camera, can record video at 5.7k and costs $799.99 Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Naga Sridhar Tried this yesterday! I think this makes Assistant more useful than before! Its easy to engage with assistance this way! Total Insecurity Which language? English? And which country? USA? Naga Sridhar Yes and yes! F4LL0U7 Indeed, what IS going on with the Trump and Bill O'Reilly? R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ They are being awesome. Unpopular but awesome F4LL0U7 I think your definition of "awesome" might be unpopular. But I don't know, maybe I shouldn't mess with that fancy and intimidating little Trumpette flag you're wearing on your username. Adam Margeson It doesn't look like it's "Taking over GBoard's suggested words". It looks like it's just stacking the auto-suggest on top of whatever keyboard might be up and leaving GBoard's suggestions line disabled. I'm not saying that Assistant's suggestions are worse than what your keyboard might suggest, but it seems like they're never going to enable suggested words for GBoard in the Google App or Assistant. Scott Scrivens Sorry, that was phrased badly but has now been corrected. Thanks for pointing it out! Winston I don't think Gboard suggestions were ever ENabled for Google Assistant in the first place. It wasnt in Google Search. andy_o The word suggestions are enabled on Assistant, have been since the beginning (since i/o). I depend on them cause I swipe, hopefully this new feature doesn't take that away. Vorastra http://i.imgur.com/oDS1j4z.png Adam Margeson Wierd. Apparently things have changed a bit since I stopped using Assistant. (Switched language to US Virgin Islands to go back to Now On Tap) Adam Margeson Kinda my point. They still haven't enabled it, Assistant is just providing it's own suggestions. AP was talking as if it was enabling it in GBoard and then taking it over. At least, that's how I read the article. Jonathan Payne I still don't have the keyboard option...so cool I guess? Andrew Palmer Try a reboot? Mine arrived quickly which surprised me. makapav Yeah me neither. I still haven't gotten around to setting up the voice personalization between myself and my wife on our Google homes. Maybe that's what I need to do first. Tobias S. And I still don't have the assistant at all.. ddevito So...Google Search? Jesus Google just make it all one app and one consistent experience. Exalm Uhm, it actually is one app. One huge app. ddevito Not on iOS it isn't, nor is the experience all interconnected on Android. Exalm I have no idea how it is on iOS, but on Android blog I would expect people to refer to Android unless specified. :) And on Android it _is_ technically one app. Experience is another thing, and I would agree that it could be more consistent. Ganesh Jain And Google Assistant is not available on my S7edge(Indian veriant) with Google Beta app installed... Abhilash Bingi Try changing your system language to English (US) Ganesh Jain It's on English US Ram S Charan Update your Google play services David Hyman I don't have this yet :( Exalm A question to people who already have this or the new query history: what Google app version do you have? Zaman It is still a kind of proof of concept. Still pretty unriable. Try to update your calendar with that voice control - miss or hit... Using keyboard is still the only option if you want to have the thing done quickly, especialy with a help of an app like that one: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.a3w4u.addquickeventfree Marcelove What's going on with Trump? He is showing his moves... https://youtu.be/eFOyCwCRTgw Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 10 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.746s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
REGISTER | LOGIN PROFILE | LOGOUT Sign Up / Sign In {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome Back {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Registration Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* displayName *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* addressCountry *} {* companyName *} {* eetimesJobfunction *} {* jobFunctionOther *} {* eetimesIndustry *} {* industryOther *} {* optInRegistration *} {* optAgree *} {* optShare *} {* siteName *} {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank You for Registering Please wait you will be redirected shortly. Create New Password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close About Us Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Big Data Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Fake IC Battle Gets a New Weapon SLIDESHOW: 12 Views on the Future of Electronics NEWS & ANALYSIS: Intel Sees Robo-car As Data Flow Issue NEWS & ANALYSIS: LinkedIn Group Preps Server Specs NEWS & ANALYSIS: China Set to Rewrite FD-SOI History SPONSORED: Wideband I/Q Demodulation for Zero-IF High Dynamic ... News & Analysis Big Data Reshapes Silicon The view of Compute 2.0 from Bristol Rick Merritt 5/25/2017 00:01 AM EDT Post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet SAN JOSE, Calif. — The huge data sets collected by web giants such as Amazon, Google, and Facebook are fueling a renaissance of new chips to process them. Two of the latest efforts will be described at an annual conference on computer architecture in late June. Stanford researchers described Plasticine, a reconfigurable processor that sports nearly 100x better performance/watt than an FPGA while being easier to program. Separately, two veteran designers at Nvidia were part of a team that defined an inference processor that delivers more than twice the performance and energy efficiency of exiting devices. The chips represent tips of an iceberg of work. Intel acquired three machine-learning startups in the past year. Rival Samsung, along with Dell EMC, invested in Graphcore (Bristol, U.K.), one of a half-dozen independent startups in the area. Meanwhile, Nvidia is racking up rising sales for its GPUs as neural network training engines. Simultaneously, it is morphing its architecture to better handle such jobs. Google claims that neither its massive clusters of x86 CPUs nor Nvidia’s GPUs are adequate. So it has rolled out two versions of its own accelerator, the TPU. “This is Compute 2.0; it is absolutely a new world of computing,” said Nigel Toon, chief executive of Graphcore. “Google eventually will use racks and racks of TPUs and almost no CPUs because 98 percent of its revenues come from search,” a good application for machine learning. Eventually, machine-learning chips will appear in a broad range of embedded systems. With 18 million cars sold a year compared to 10 million servers, “self-driving cars could be a bigger market than the cloud for this technology, and it’s a market that never existed before,” said Toon. The shared vision is an AI processor that can handle both training and inference for today’s rainbow of neural networks — and maybe even some emerging self-learning techniques. They need to deliver performance through massive parallelism, yet be power-efficient and easy to program. Even the basic math for the job is a subject of lively debate. Toon believes that a mix of 16-bit floating-point multiplication with 32-bit accumulates delivers optimal precision with minimal errors. That’s the approach that the new tensor cores in Nvidia’s Volta use, as well as the competing high-end chip that Graphcore will sample to early partners in October. The startup is focused on one big chip using novel memories and interconnects in and out of the chip to link cells and clusters. Next page: Stanford gets flexible in post-multicore era Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 4 Next > More Related Links The Competitive Advantage of NVMe SSDs in the Data Center Nvidia Takes Deep Learning to School Four Grand Engineering Challenges Welcome to the Age of Continuous Innovation Google Calls for Optical Leaps Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. Most Recent Comments                 5/24/2017 10:15:12 PM resistion Why doesn't SoftBank make a bid? Doesn't see the value? Knows something? 5/24/2017 10:15:12 PM resistion Why doesn't SoftBank make a bid? Doesn't see the value? Knows something? 5/24/2017 10:09:47 PM resistion The EUV numbers still haven't changed, so there's now 8nm (wasn't there before). 5/24/2017 10:06:06 PM resistion That would be a big milestone. IMEC and Qualcomm were helping them with that. 5/24/2017 7:23:52 PM rxx12345 Ernie begins to suspect that the deluxe bubble-butt workout video and gym set that he received from his co-workers on his 50th birthday might have been intended as a joke. 5/24/2017 6:49:08 PM rxx12345 A look back to March 2000. A few quiet moments before the dot.com bubble bursts and all hell breaks loose. 5/24/2017 5:18:46 PM Andre Nice Matrix tie in.I've always been a fan of cyberpunk and basically any technological evolution of humans. Elon really doesn't aim low, does he. Even if the brain-interface concept... 5/24/2017 1:15:45 PM realjjj Because Musk is not trolled enough by the financial press and the far right? Suggesting that they follow FB or presenting a competitor's attack as an expert opinion is not ideal. They... 5/24/2017 12:11:58 PM perl_geek Maybe I've been taken in by Huawei's propaganda, but I'd say they are a very serious threat to any market they target. They're offering a huge range of serious systems, from deep... 5/24/2017 7:55:06 AM sw guy I found name rather funny for french speaking people.Raven, the bird, in french is "corbeau"Bit same "corbeau" word is used (rater slangish, I reckon) for anonymous delator.... Navigate to Related Links The Competitive Advantage of NVMe SSDs in the Data Center Nvidia Takes Deep Learning to School Four Grand Engineering Challenges Welcome to the Age of Continuous Innovation Google Calls for Optical Leaps Cartoon Contest May 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Fun house" "Your caption here!" 73 comments All Cartoons April 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "April showers" Edgar's manager regretted asking him for a presentation on cloud services. 88 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  25   Police Report Untangles Uber Crash Mystery  23   Solid State Batteries Aim to Top Li-ion  22   Where Do You Stand on Science March?  22   Engineering Ed Stuck in the Past  18   TSMC Expects First-Half Smartphone Slump  17   Hon Hai Bids $27 Billion for Toshiba Chip Unit  16   DSL Pioneer Describes Terabit Future  15   Four Grand Engineering Challenges  15   5 Unresolved Issues Facing Robo-cars  14   Qualcomm: Apple's Real iPhone Competitor  14   AMD Goes Epyc for Data Centers  7   12 Views on the Future of Electronics  6   4 Views of the Silicon Roadmap  5   Quantum Computing Uses Standard Hardware  2   Imagination Sells SoC Design Group  2   China Set to Rewrite FD-SOI History  2   Is Elon Musk's Brain Cap Viable?  1   Western Digital Reportedly Ups Bid for ...  1   Samsung Targets 4nm in 2020  1   Fake IC Battle Gets a New Weapon Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" ASPENCORE NETWORK EBN | EDN | EE Times | EEWeb | Electronic Products | Electronics-Tutorials | Embedded | Planet Analog | ElectroSchematics | Power Electronics News | TechOnline | Datasheets.com | Embedded Control Europe | Embedded Know How | Embedded News | IOT Design Zone | Motor Control Design | Electronics Know How | GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia | EE Times China | EE Times India | EE Times Japan | EE Times Taiwan | EDN Asia | EDN China | EDN Taiwan | EDN Japan | ESM China | Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Skip to content Skip to main navigation Editorial NEWS 30 mins ago Seventh Street Media launches Don’t Bore Us website 56 mins ago Ben & Jerry’s bans same flavoured ice-cream in fight for marriage equality 6 hours ago Holden kicks off creative pitch for new SUV model 6 hours ago GroupM to recruit students for its paid graduate program at Mumbrella360 7 hours ago Y&R Brisbane appoints Glynn Honey as managing partner OPINION Why marketers and brands shouldn’t turn their backs on digital publishers A clash of civilisations: The challenge of integrating The Monkeys into Accenture PETER WELLS The Federal Budget doesn’t do enough to save free-to-air TV JO CAUST Budget papers reveal cut for Screen Australia VIJAY SOLANKI The journey to digital paradise: A little more conversation, a little less rhetoric FEATURES 7 hours ago Campaign Review: The verdict on HCF, Don Smallgoods, St George Bank and Victorian Government 1 day ago How a small soccer club grabbed $250,000 in sponsorships and transformed its fortunes 1 week ago ‘Sorry can be the most powerful move’: what brands can learn from the ongoing United Airlines PR crisis 1 week ago Behind the Canberra Raiders’ high-performance partnership with Huawei 2 weeks ago The crown that slipped: What went wrong with Isentia’s $48m acquisition of King Content? DR MUMBO 2 days ago Psycho killer on the radio 1 week ago Today’s not-so exclusive Tom Cruise interview 3 weeks ago 17 things the SMH taught us about Pip Edwards’ activewear 3 weeks ago Stephen Mayne and the perils of crossing a picket 3 weeks ago The subs strike back F.Y.I. 6 hours ago The Royals’ Michaela Futcher set to explore AI creativity at Vivid Ideas 6 hours ago Gourmet Traveller names Australia’s best hotels 6 hours ago Fairfax wins at INMA Global Media Awards 7 hours ago Happn rolls out native and programmatic advertising offering 9 hours ago Leni Andronicos joins The Urban List as branded content director 1 day ago Havas Group to deliver transparent client facing programmatic solution 1 day ago Plus7 shows 14% month on month increase in unique audience 1 day ago Shopper Media Group announces four new hires 1 day ago Howorth Communications wins Riverbed Technology PR account Events AWARDS June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Awards June 29, 2017 Mumbrella Awards VIEW ALL AWARDS CONFERENCES June 6-8, 2017 Mumbrella360 June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Summit August 10, 2017 Finance Marketing Summit August 23, 2017 Automotive Marketing Summit VIEW ALL CONFERENCES TRAINING TBC Mumbrella Digital School July 26, 2017 Mumbrella Mobile Marketing Masterclass OTHER INDUSTRY EVENTS Jobs More More The Source Business Directory Freelance Directory Company About Mumbrella Advertise Advertise Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Australia Asia Subscribe News Opinion Dr Mumbo F.Y.I. Events Other Industry Events Jobs More About Mumbrella Freelance Directory Business Directory Advertise Subscribe to newsletter News Former Twitter Australia managing director Karen Stocks returns to Google May 25, 2017 1:34 by Abigail Dawson 1 Karen Stocks, former managing director of Twitter in Australia who joined the social media platform from Google, is set to return to her former employer as Google’s global director of measurement solutions based in the US. Stocks departed Twitter in November last year Stocks, who began her career at Vodafone where she rose to become general manager of service strategy, first joined Google in 2007 as online sales and operations manager before being named director of products and solutions. Speaking about her decision to rejoin Google after three years at the helm of Twitter’s Australian operations, Stocks said the new role would offer fresh challenges. “I’m delighted to join Google once again to take on this new role focused on our measurement efforts,” Stocks said. “Measurement is a key industry topic, both locally and globally, and I look forward to making a contribution in this space.” Stocks joined Twitter in 2013 as the company’s first Australian MD nine months after its launch into the Australian market. After three years in the role Stocks announced her departure from Twitter in October last year, appointing current MD Suzy Nicoletti as her replacement. The newly appointed Google executive will be based in the US but will continue her role on the board of directors of Netball Australia which she joined in 2015. Abigail Dawson Abigail Dawson is a reporter at Mumbrella mainly covering the media and PR space. Abigail graduated from RMIT University where she completed a Bachelor of Communications (Journalism) majoring in politics, economies and businesses. She has interned at Mamamia and completed work experience at 3AW and Channel 10. topics Google, Karen Stocks, Netball Australia, Twitter Share Tweet Share Comments: 1 Add Comment Jason Pellegrino 25 May 17 YAY!!!! Wonderful to have you back Karen. So happy. 😀 Reply Have your say Name Email Address (optional) Website (optional)   ADVERTISEMENT Most Discussed 61 Comments Why Fairfax management aren’t the real villains 53 Comments What’s going wrong in the world of advertising? 38 Comments Accenture buys The Monkeys and Maud 35 Comments The journey to digital paradise: A little more conversation, a little less rhetoric 33 Comments An open letter to marketers: it’s up to you to save the media industry now SUBSCRIBE Sign up to our free daily update to get the latest in media and marketing
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 79 Share on Facebook 62 Share on Twitter Total Shares155 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Podcast subscriptions 1.2 Audio Player Notification Channel 1.3 Data Saver for Now Cards 1.4 Google Assistant on Chrome OS (Tease) 1.5 New Icons 1.6 Image attribution? 2 Download Version 7.3 of the Google app began rolling out to users in the beta channel earlier today. There are a few odd little changes to be found poking around in the UI, like a new menu shortcut on many of the Assistant settings screens that leads to the Activity Controls settings, but it's all pretty innocuous. We'll surely see more significant features going live as Google activates them remotely over the coming weeks™. Nevertheless, there are some interesting things to be found during the course of a teardown. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Podcast subscriptions Last year, Google took a (half-hearted) stab at supporting podcasts with the Play Music app. The same day, in a much less expected move, it also became possible to listen to individual episodes right from a Google search. Fast forward several months and Google Assistant also gained the ability to play podcasts, which turned out to be a fairly natural feature for Google Home. While Play Music allows users to subscribe to podcasts, listening to one through Google Search or Assistant meant asking for shows by name, and may also require a specific episode number if you want to hear anything but the most recent recording. Now it looks like Google is going to close that gap with built-in podcast subscriptions. code <string name="podcasts">Podcasts</string> <string name="no_podcasts_found">No podcasts found</string> <string name="delete_favorites">Delete selected podcasts</string> <string name="subscribe">Subscribe</string> <string name="unsubscribe">Unsubscribe</string> <string name="confirm_unsubscribe_title">Unsubscribe from this show?</string> By all appearances, podcast subscriptions will be accessible in Google Assistant settings and will likely be treated much like subscriptions to news sources. The one obvious difference is that Google will track which episodes have been played so you won't miss any or have to listen to repeats. I do want to know if this will use the same subscription list and episode tracking as Play Music, because it would certainly be annoying if the two are independent and can't be kept in sync. However, if this is done right, it will make Google Home a really great appliance for podcast listening. Note: Some previously added strings already related to podcasts, but only in the context of marking them as favorites. The new text shows that a more fully-baked feature is planned. Audio Player Notification Channel The Google app already has a huge number of notification channels, but there is a new one titled "Audio Player" on the way. There can be no doubt that this topic is related to the previous section about podcasts; but I broke it out as a separate topic because it will surely fit other situations, as well. <string name="audio_player_notification_channel">Audio Player</string> Naturally, this channel will be occupied by a player control and should pop up anytime there is audio playing through the Google app. For example, search results can also be used to find and play audio clips from popular music. There's really not much more to say about this, but it's probably good that users will have the option to modify settings for these notifications. Data Saver for Now Cards If you've been following along for a while, it's probably pretty obvious Google has been tweaking many of its apps to be more responsible about data usage, especially in countries known to have slow throughput and low data caps. If this applies to you, then there's a setting that you might want to keep an eye out for. Google is adding a Data Saver mode for the Now Cards. code <string name="turn_on_feed_datasaver">Data saver</string> <string name="feed_datasaver_details">When data saver is on, your feed won’t get the latest content.</string> <string name="feed_datasaver_preference">feedDataSaverPreference</string> from: /xml/now_cards_settings.xml <com.google.android.apps.gsa.search.core.preferences.CustomSwitchPreference android:key="@string/feed_datasaver_preference" android:defaultValue="false" /> This differs from the Lite Mode that Google began working on and testing last year. That setting was intended to optimize the data passing between the server and user so that it would consume less while delivering the same (or similar) quality of content. The Data Saver feature discussed here is focused on preventing Google from updating the Now Cards in the background. If you don't even look at Google Now cards, or maybe don't care about seeing them updated unless they are manually refreshed, this is definitely a feature you'll want to look for. Google may have already made it available in certain regions, but it's not yet showing up for me, so I suggest taking a look in the Google settings under the Your Feed section. If it's enabled for your device, the Data Saver option should be at the very top of the list. Google Assistant on Chrome OS (Tease) During an interview with The Telegraph in mid-December, Hiroshi Lockheimer made a pretty clear statement that Google Assistant was destined to arrive on Chrome OS at some point in the future. That was about six months ago and it seems nobody has seen it happen in any official capacity yet. However, a couple of new strings in the Google app actually do appear to suggest this plan hasn't been abandoned. <string name="chrome_os_opa_value_proposition_cancel">No Thanks</string> <string name="chrome_os_opa_value_proposition_continue">Continue</string> Only the string names matter in this situation. The text will just be used to label a pair of buttons. The bit about "chrome os" is pretty clear, and the "opa" segment is a standard shorthand for Google Assistant. As for the "value proposition" bit, I assume these buttons will be used on an ad that either encourages users to set up Assistant when it becomes available, or may even suggest buying a Chromebook. For now, it's hard to tell since the content of the message isn't included at this time. It may be pushed to users remotely when it's time to run the message. While this gives no clues about a release date or any new features, at least it's a paltry sign of hope for Chrome OS users that have become frustrated with waiting for Assistant to make its grand debut on laptops. New Icons I usually skip over new icons since most of them are redundant or don't really relate to anything too special. However, there are three that might be worth a quick mention. The first belongs to the recently announced Google Lens. It matches the icon shown during the I/O keynote and the filename confirms it. While the icon is there, it doesn't show up anywhere in the live interface, which isn't too surprising since Lens hasn't actually launched yet. No doubt it will appear in the Google Assistant at some point, probably in the same horizontal row with the new keyboard icon for text input. The next icon is the always familiar RSS logo. I don't want to venture too many guesses about any features it might lead to, but it would make sense if the Google app is going to become a little more friendly towards subscribing to content providers instead of providing just randomly chosen articles. Last but not least, we have the water symbol from The Fifth Element. It actually represents "waves" in this case. It might have to do with coastal conditions, recreational spots, or surfing reports. Okay, I admit it, I only included this one so I could squeeze in that a movie reference. Image attribution? Finally, we've come to a mystery topic. The resources for the latest update include a brand new menu named attribution_popup_menu.xml with just one command called "view image source." code <string name="view_image_source">View image source</string> from /menu/attribution_popup_menu.xml <menu xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <item android:visible="true" android:title="@string/view_image_source" /> </menu> As a person that writes a lot of original content and edits a lot of images, my first instinct was that this might be related to a tool that would help people identify the origin of many images on the Internet. After many attempts to test that theory, I'm not so confident about it. My second thought is that this menu is related to the Google Attribution announcement made just yesterday. The timing and name certainly go together, but it's hard to come up with a reason why somebody would need to view the source of an image in that context. I don't have too many other thoughts on this one, but speculation in the comments is welcome. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 7.3.16 beta APK Mirror Download QR-Code Google Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app assistant attribution audio chrome os data saver download downloads google assistant notification channels now cards podcasts subscriptions teardown subscribe ... Previous Story Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Lawrence Anyone having issues installing this on Android O DP2? James Amend Yes. I have. I wasn't able to update the Google App via the Play Store or via APK. The only way I was able to get it to install/update was to revert back to Nougat, update it, and then return to O. I haven't had any issues since. It seems like the app never got stuck on the version from 7.1.2 and that broke something (I didn't have the updated launcher either after updating to O). mondeca Google's lame implementation of podcasts is really disappointing. I love my PocketCasts, but I was hoping for a quality effort from Google to spur competition. Carson Saldanha App shortcuts too! Cody Toombs They're not actually new. They were there in earlier versions, but a bug in one or two of the previous builds prevented them from showing up for a while. Carson Saldanha Ah, thanks for the clarification. I had seen it on 9to5Google earlier today and I guess they were mistaken. 👌 Kawshik Ahmed It's coming on Chrome OS but not on Pixel C or any other Android tablets -_- Cody Toombs I have a feeling that thing about tablets not getting Assistant will prove to be a relatively short-lived thing. It was a Pixel Phone exclusive for a long while, then went to phones (many of which are still waiting for it, I'm told), and then the SDK for other devices came out. I've got a feeling they'll start (or at least announced) a rollout to tablets in a few months, probably right around October. Andy J Yeah it drives me up the wall when they keep saying "Your assistant available everywhere" and I'm like - well..... no.... it's not is it. I mean right now I have an LGG4 in the UK - I'm still waiting for it to arrive. I have a Google Home - so right now my assistant is available in exactly one place (it's technically also on my G Watch R - but AW2 is next to useless so it doesn't count) Joseph Walker Full time mommy Kelly Richards from New York after quitting from her regular job managed to earn from 26000$ to 28000$ a month from freelancing inside the house... This is the way she working it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Denholm Willmer Shouldn't the Data Saver that's integrated into Nougat work for Now cards as well? Instead of having an individual Data Saver option for everything perhaps it should be done on a system level and made customizable boop Nougat is on 7% of devices. The Google app is on nearly 100% of devices. Denholm Willmer I can see where you're coming from, but if you're going to have a Data Saver option in Nougat, you might as well make it function the way it says, because I think that's what a user would expect. If not, it should be able to be customized to their liking. boop I wonder what the activation method for Assistant will be? Long press of the search/app button? Keyboard shortcut? Or will we just have to open the app? Vantius Long press the home button, like it already is. Umesh Chamara at least they should have expand their google now support to few more counties. Jason Berek-Lewis Still no podcasts in Google Play Music in Australia, so I wonder if this feature will work... Jordan L My Google Now weather card for "home" is showing the wrong town. It's been like this for weeks. Home is set correctly. Any ideas? (Probably clear data and cache) Andy J Did the version you did the teardown on also feature the Notification Listener in the manifest that the XDA teardown spotted? And if so - do you have any theories? Matt I have long time Visual Search (Lens) and now new layout Google Now too. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5767e7e7a9b9420b954d71894ac9d99abd618656ef76a7d82d26507fc82388e6.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/574b2a692daa5233f5074e3717c082c87e9f9d63409bba6ecc8c229b6d8a6aae.png Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 10 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 126 queries | 0.386s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Technology Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech Innovation May 25 2017 - 11:58AM Save Print Google I/O 2017: Free-roaming Daydream headset promises cinematic virtual reality Adam Turner Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More A world away from holding your smartphone up to your face, Google's upcoming standalone VR headsets will go head-to-head with the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive. Google Cardboard democratised virtual reality — putting it within reach of anyone who owns a cheap cardboard viewer for holding their smartphone up to their face — but it's far from a truly immersive experience. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Google's new standalone headset has a built-in screen and optimised mobile-style hardware.  Cardboard doesn't let you walk around or use your hands, unlike more expensive VR rivals like the HTC Vive, Oculus Rift and PlayStation VR. They all use external cameras to track your real-world movements, but the headsets are attached to a computer or games console, which limits how far you can roam. Google started to close the gap with last year's Daydream View headset for Daydream-certified Android phones, with a headstrap that leaves your hands free to use the Daydream controller. The controller lets you grab and use objects, but you can't see your hands and manipulate objects with the same dexterity offered by the high-end VR headsets. Related Content Google's new wireless VR headsets work without a phone How virtual reality will change the classroom Daydream View took longer than Cardboard to find its feet, overshadowed by the similar Samsung Gear VR, and always felt like a stepping stone to greater things. Like the new standalone Daydream VR headsets announced at last week's Google I/O developer conference. The headsets will have built-in screens and optimised mobile-style hardware, rather than relying on a smartphone or attached PC/console. They will also take advantage of WorldSense "inside out" tracking courtesy of Google's Tango augmented reality platform, letting the headset track your surroundings so you don't walk into walls. Advertisement Rather than building the headsets itself, Google is handing a Qualcomm-based reference design to hardware partners, with the first two headsets to come from VR veteran HTC and AR veteran Lenovo. While Google's new free-roaming Daydream headset promises the best of both worlds, virtual reality is still in its infancy, says Clay Bavor, head of Google's VR division. "We're a long way from reaching the 'iPhone' moment of VR," Bavor says. "Meanwhile I'm not concerned about the rate at which people are adopting the technology because I still see us at the very beginning of VR. It's not a question of 'if' but 'when', so I'm comfortable with 'when' being a few years away." The real game-changer with Google's latest VR announcements is the Seurat graphic overhaul, which lets VR content makers import high-end games and cinema-quality video from professional VR editing suites like Unity, Unreal and Maya. Rather than simply scaling down PC-based VR, Seurat scans original content and builds entirely new 3D models, reducing textures and polygon counts supposedly without a noticeable impact on image quality. Designed to work on the new standalone Daydream VR headsets as well as Daydream-certified phones, Seurat will put them on par with high-end VR headsets reliant on a PC or games console. Put to the test on Rogue One: A Star Wars Story video clips from Industrial Light and Magic, the new platform renders 3D scenes in 13 milliseconds rather than the 1 hour required in an ILM server farm. "In terms of the user experience I'd certainly compare these new standalone Daydream headsets more to PC-based headsets than to viewers which rely on a smartphone", Bavor says. While combining WorldSense tracking with a completely wireless headset will offer a new level of free-roaming VR, efforts to import high-end VR experiences will still be hampered by the fact that users are reliant on the basic Daydream handheld controller rather than the more advanced handsets offered by rivals. Google isn't planning to overhaul Daydream's WorldSense tracking and handheld controller for now, but Bavor acknowledges that Daydream and Tango always seemed destined to intertwine. "We're starting to put the pieces together across both VR and AR and see them as not two separate concepts but rather two different flavours of what what we call immersive computing," he says. "They're both tied into the idea of blending the physical and digital worlds into a new level of spatial computing, it's still early days but you can already see how it's going to open up a whole new world." Adam Turner travelled to the Google I/O conference in California as a guest of Google. Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Google I/O 2017: Free-roaming Daydream headset promises cinematic virtual reality. 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Scientists Getting Filthy Rich On ... Contains: External link Climate Change Is Turning Antarctica's ... Contains: External link Most Popular I took a $500 Lightning McQueen robot for a test drive Street Fighter II is back, yet again Surface Studio is big, bold and beautiful Google's Daydream headset promises cinematic VR '30 months of solar energy released in a millisecond' Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology '30 months of solar energy released in a millisecond' I took a $500 Lightning McQueen robot for a test drive Microsoft's Surface Pro makes a comeback Microsoft unveils AR glasses display prototype Google knows when you buy stuff in physical stores WA Today Perth mum scolded for hanging baby clothes in her carport Perth eyed for new jobs, rail and roads in Turnbull's 'city deal' Another Perth cafe wins council battle over red tape warriors Western Australia's public servants worried about their jobs amid cuts Homeless 'hero' of Manchester bombing given six months' free rent The Sydney Morning Herald Fashion fail: Topshop Australia calls in administrators ABC axes Abdel-Magied program one month after controversy Homeless 'hero' of Manchester bombing given six months' free rent Donald and Melania held hands, marriage still 'on the rocks' Alleged crime spree ends in double fatal crash in Sydney's inner west The Age Homeless 'hero' of Manchester bombing given six months' free rent Fashion fail: Topshop Australia calls in administrators Britain slams US for leaking name of Manchester bomber First look inside Pippa's wedding reception Prosecutor warns Corby must report to her by Friday Brisbane Times ABC axes Abdel-Magied program one month after controversy First time councillor bemoans childish conduct in chambers Hale Street, Coronation Drive intersection an 'ongoing sore': RACQ Crane falls on cars at Newstead One Nation adviser Sean Black arrested Canberra Times Govt abandons its $210 million 'shared services' white elephant Uber 'the stupidest business in history' A mother's wait ends in heartbreak: Olivia Campbell named among Manchester victims Turnbull opens door to Defence role in terror incidents Dud public servants paid to go away: audit report WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Technology LATEST NEWS Everton eyeing 'productive' players in transfer window Rugby-Wallaby Beale rested for June tests, Genia back Companies scramble to hire GST specialist to help them with new tax regime Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday, May 25 India hailed for disaster management plan Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz SME Sector Startups Policy & Trends Biz Listings Entrepreneurship Money Security-Tech Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleLegalSmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development TechnologySecurity ET Home›Small Biz›Security-Tech›Technology 12:09 PM | 25 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,487185.14 NIFTY 50 9,41857.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,705-8.00 USD/INR 64.50-0.24 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Google and Stripe Eye a slice of UPI pie in India By Shashwati Shankar & Mugdha Variyar , ET Bureau | Updated: May 25, 2017, 11.53 AM IST Post a Comment "UPI is truly well-suited for peer-to-peer and other on-phone payments experiences. This makes it a fit for WhatsApp and for purchase fit for WhatsApp and for purchasing apps or payments in-app for the Google Play store," said Swamy. Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You BENGALURU: Google is preparing to introduce its digital wallet, Android Pay, in India this year, anchoring the platform to the government-backed Unified Payments Interface as are other global companies including Stripe and WhatsApp. Google has started testing UPI on its Android Pay platform, said one person aware of the developments.Another person tracking smartphone brands said Google was evaluating an entry for Android Pay into India through UPI. A third person said Stripe -the San Francisco-based startup that allows businesses in more than 100 countries to easily accept all kinds of digital payments -was in advanced talks to launch in India through a partnership with UPI. Last month, AP Hota, managing director of National Payments Corporation of India that developed UPI, said messaging service WhatsApp had shown interest in UPI for the launch of its new payments platform here. Dilip Asbe, chief operating officer at NPCI, told ET that three global companies had approached the agency in recent months expressing their desire to work with UPI. He declined to identify the companies citing non-disclosure agreements. "They see UPI as a simple, seamless payment option with a mobile focus, which is what these companies are interested in," Asbe said. "If these global players put their weight behind UPI, it will definitely give a big push to UPI to reach 50 million to 100 million users in the next few years. We are expecting that these companies will roll out their UPI products this year." Google and Stripe, in response to queries from ET, did not specifically comment on their entry into India's payments market. "We are always looking for ways to make it easy for people to pay with their mobile devices, such as Android Pay in some countries, and looking to expand those capabilities to the next billion users," a Google spokesperson said. Google recently announced a payment API (application programming interface) that will open up all Android smartphones to online payments, making it suitable for India's cashless drive, ET reported this week. Google launched Android Pay in the US in 2015 and has since introduced the service in several countries, including the UK, Russia, Australia, Singapore and Japan. In these regions, it has partnered with multiple banks to enable quick and easy in app and contactless transactions through Android Pay. The Indian government-backed UPI links bank accounts to facilitate quick and seamless transactions and got a big thrust recently with the Narendra Modi administration's push towards cashless payments. According to NPCI data, about 6.9 million transactions were carried out through UPI in April. The timing is right for global digital payments companies to enter India through UPI as there are no established winners in that world yet, said Sanjay Swamy, partner at Prime Venture Partners and an and an investor in financial technology startups including Happay and KredX. "UPI is truly well-suited for peer-to-peer and other on-phone payments experiences. This makes it a fit for WhatsApp and for purchasing apps or payments in-app for the Google Play store," said Swamy. "As far as Stripe is concerned, it's really a payment gateway. As they do not directly have a large consumer base, their motivations are more to enable UPI for their overseas clients targeting Indian consumers and for Indian companies as a part of a broader payments acceptance offering." Recently, communications platform Truecaller launched a UPI-based mobile payment solution in partnership with ICICI Bank. Last month, Samsung Pay went live with UPI. ET recently reported that Indian messaging startup Hike Messenger was also set to launch payments through UPI. While internet giant has started testing UPI on Android Pay, Stripe is looking to launch here soon Comments(0)Add Comments Google and Stripe Eye a slice of UPI pie in India To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Google warns of email scam that impersonates Google Docs Google launches Solve for India program Google selects six Indian startups for accelerator programme Coursera collaborates with Google to offer Google Cloud Training courses European Union to conclude Google antitrust cases soon READ MORE ONWhatsAppUPITrueCallerStripestartupSamsung PayNPCI Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Invite Your Friends And Start A Fantasy Football League To.. NFL.com Health Hoaxes You Probably Believe The Great Courses Plus 5 Things Car Salesmen Don't Want You To Know Women's ArticleMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Bank Bazaar eyes big boost from UPI, paperless applications A slice of India in your home P2P platform i-lend eyes pan-India expansion, fresh capital From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Grow your business. Reach targeted audience COLOMBIA Actresses who rejected roles opposite the Khans BOLLYWOODUNION 1 week ago, we lost our daughter to this Milaap 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years Fleet Review: 6 facts about India's show of strength 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Vodafone, BSNL ink pan-India 2G intra-circle roaming pact Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Return Filing - Under GST, this is how you will file tax returns from July 1 Flipkart, Amazon compete to win Government e-Marketplace for crown glory Here's how the hacker got access to Zomato's user data Flipkart signs term-sheet for buying out smaller rival Snapdeal Uber is no match for auto-mated Ola here More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live|IPL 2017 GST Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Aol.com Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Google is under fire for watching you while you shop even when you're not online Share Hayley Peterson May 24th 2017 12:47PM Google has long tracked shoppers' activity online. Now it's stepping up its surveillance and watching them offline, as well. That means that when anyone makes a purchase at the grocery store or happens to drive by a Home Depot, Google knows. STOCK PRICE FOR GOOGLFull price information It's gathering that information using data from multiple apps, from YouTube to Google Maps, combined with billions of credit-card transaction records, the company announced Tuesday. Specifically, Google has access to about 70% of credit and debit card transactions in the US, the company said. Google is packaging all of that information together and sharing it with marketers to prove that its online ads are prompting people to make purchases, whether they buy online or in a store. For example, Google can tell a company like Sephora how many shoppers saw an ad for eyeliner, and then later visited a Sephora store and made a purchase. This new location-tracking service tied to credit card records has raised some privacy concerns. Google says it protects all customer data and that it doesn't collect or provide marketers with any identifying information for shoppers, such as names or credit card numbers. The Google services "match transactions back to Google ads in a secure and privacy-safe way, and only report on aggregated and anonymized store sales to protect your customer data," the company said in a blog post. But Paul Stephens of the consumer-advocacy group Privacy Rights Clearinghouse says the services compromise customers' private data. "What we have learned is that it's extremely difficult to anonymize data," Stephens told the Washington Post. "If you care about your privacy, you definitely need to be concerned." RELATED: Google employees dish their most revealing secrets 7 PHOTOS Google employees dish their most revealing secrets See Gallery Google employees dish their most revealing secrets Photo credit: Reddit.com  Photo credit: Reddit.com  Photo credit: Reddit.com  Photo credit: Reddit.com  Photo credit: Reddit.com  Photo credit: Reddit.com  Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE NOW WATCH: 7 colors that might get you sued See Also: The chain hailed by Wall Street as a 'retail treasure' runs the most disastrous store we've ever seen America is facing a denim crisis that must be stopped THE DRONE DELIVERY REPORT: Opportunities and challenges in automating logistics with drones SEE ALSO: The chain hailed by Wall Street as a 'retail treasure' runs the most disastrous store we've ever seen Tags Google Retail Shopping Read Full Story Can't get enough business news? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from retailer news to the latest IPOs delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. From Our Partners This Tinder Match Brought Together a Couple - And Two Long-Lost Cat Brothers The Reason A Man Locked Himself In A Cage With An Abused Pit Bull Is Making Everyone Tear Parents Make Horrifying Discovery After Toddler Hears A Strange Voice In The Middle Of The The Latest from our Partners Pay no interest until July 2018 with this card Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card An incredible $200 intro bonus just for using this card Mortgage rates just plummeted. Lock in now! Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Refinance your mortgage – check for today’s low rate! NMLS#174457 Learn how you can earn 10x returns in your savings with these banks Take advantage of a steady interest rate with these CD accounts Owe less than $300k on your home? Don't miss this unique opportunity Capitol Hill gives homeowners unique bailout Congress gives American homeowners who owe less than $300-625k a once in a... The 25 highest-paying jobs in 2017 all pay at least $90,000 15 jobs that will be gone in 10 years Speeding ticket? 15 states where your insurance rate will spike the most Female Teacher, Aide Get Into Classroom Brawl Woman Sues Candymaker for Its Sugar-Filled Jelly Beans Alaska Workers Make Grisly Find in Channel Debris Recommended For You Man sues Hershey for underfilling their boxes Chicago's "March on McDonald's" takes aim at "the Donald Trump of employers" Shop these stunning handbags from Nordstrom's Half Yearly Sale Miners find 794 pound emerald in Brazil Obamacare repeal bill increases number of uninsured by 23 million, reduces deficit... Fed ties rate hike to economic rebound, sees balance sheet cuts in 2017 Tesla's HR chief is out after claims of labor violations, backed up by a new report Tourism in the US has drastically declined since Trump was elected Markets USGlobalsCurrencies DJIA21,012.4274.510.36% NASDAQ6,163.0224.310.40% S&P 5002,404.395.970.25% NIKKEI 22519,813.1370.150.36% HANG SENG25,627.46198.960.78% DAX12,642.87-16.28-0.13% USD (per EUR)1.120.000.00% USD (per CHF)0.970.00-0.05% JPY (per USD)111.740.220.19% GBP (per USD)1.300.000.08% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners How much will Trump cut Medicaid? It's a mystery CNNMoney 156 golfers tee off. Trump wins. CNNMoney Google's Waymo worth more than GM, Tesla and Uber? CNNMoney I voted for Trump. Now he wants to cut aid I need CNNMoney Why WannaCry took down so many businesses CNNMoney Young travelers CNNMoney Melissa McCarthy makes SNL 'Spicy' CNNMoney Preventing deaths when cars hit tractor trailers CNNMoneyBy PubExchange Thu, May 25 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Change weather location Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Video Shop Finance Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile Finance © 2017  AOL Inc. Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from breaking finance news to money-saving tricks delivered directly to your inbox daily! Finance Report Signup Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe at any time. No, I don't want more finance news delivered to my inbox daily
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Hump Day Deals: Cheap Smart TVs, Dick Smith Clearance Sale, 20% Off Whisky What To Do When You Need $100, Fast  Dealhacker: Save $200 On An iPhone 7 At JB Hi-Fi How To Buy A Puppy Without Getting Scammed Home Keep A Dedicated 'Guest Computer' For Your Houseguests  Stop Storing Your Knives In Drawers Already  Organise Your Bathroom Counter With Stackable Plates How To Turn Peels And Rinds Into Delicious Snacks Entertainment All The Best Movies Coming To And Leaving US Netflix In May 2017 How To Level Up Your Tabletop Role-Playing Games How Windows 10 Ruined My Games Night How Many Superhero Movies Pass The Bechdel Test? [Infographic] Travel Ask LH: Is It Possible To Score Cheap Disneyland Tickets Online? How To Tie The Five Most Useful Knots Does Putting Sugar In A Petrol Tank Really Destroy The Engine? Ask LH: How Can I Earn More Frequent Flyer Points? Health If You're Going To Do Recreational Drugs, Magic Mushrooms Are (Apparently) The Safest Approach Fitness Like A Video Game And Start Levelling Up How To Limit Polyphenol Loss In Your Vegetables Bidets Can Save Millions Of Trees Annually, So Why Aren't We Using Them?  Design Need Selfie Tips? Ask A Neural Network With This App, You Can Finally Trust Photos Again  Sketchar Is An Augmented-Reality App For Wannabe Graffiti Artists How To Upgrade Your Computer's Login Screen Work Productivity Why You Should Keep A Journal (And How To Start Yours) The Microsoft Surface Pro Is Back (In 'Laptop' Form) NVIDIA Just Launched An Australian Online Store Upload Files Directly From Chrome's Download Bar By Dragging And Dropping Communicate How Does The Internet Work? [Infographic] The Best Value Prepaid Phone Plans In Australia Seven 'Facts' You Learned In School That Are No Longer True Android O Will Allow Graphics Driver Updates Via The Play Store Organise Briefly: Microsoft Surface Studio Review, Dying Japan, Alien Star Briefly: Trump's Orb, Game Of Thrones Pics, Future Robots Planhacker: Are Tesla Solar Tiles Worth The Money? Last Week's 10 Biggest Posts Career The Top 25 Australian Companies To Work For (And Their Careers Pages) The Gentleman's Guide To Rolling Up Your Shirtsleeves [Infographic] Killer Interview Question: Have You Ever Completed A Task You Thought Was Impossible? What Is The Average Australian Weekly Wage? Business Travel Travel Alert: Massive Flight Delays At Sydney Airport Here's What The Hook By Your Aeroplane Tray Table Is For Brace Yourself: The US Wants To Ban Electronics On All European Flights Nvidia Wants To Make All Cars Autonomous Security Ask LH: Am I Allowed To Booby Trap My Thumb Drive? How To Snoop-Proof Any Phone Or Tablet Twitter Changed Their Privacy Policy, So Update Your Settings How To Protect Yourself Against Ransomware Attacks Small Business & Startups A Cosplayer Explains How To Turn Your 'Side Gig' Into A Full-Time Job Come Up With The Perfect Name For Anything With These Helpful Web Tools Elevator Pitch: Shippit Optus' Latest SMB Service Wants To Slay PABX Telephony Systems IT Pro Cloud Microsoft To Use DNA To Store Data In The Cloud Microsoft Reduces Azure Pricing OpenStack Gaining Ground Leading Into Australian Event Tape-as-a-Service Offers A New Take On An Old Solution IT Career Team Performance Might Depend On Their Rhythm Method What You Need To Do Right After Graduating University How To Deal With Weird Job Interview Questions What Is The 'Net Promoter Score' And Why Should You Care? IT Security Wordfence offers WordPress Security Audit Service Hands On With Google And Microsoft Authenticator Apps Data 61 Opens The Gait On Authentication Symantec Suspects WannaCry Comes From North Korea Developer Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps This Beautiful Circuit Board Is A 'Dis-Integrated' MOS 6502 Processor Google's Coolest Tech Is Getting Harder And Harder To See Xamarin.Forms 3.0 Will Bring UI Support To .NET Desktop Platforms Deployment Is Apple and Samsung's Smartphone Dominance Coming To An End? Google Adds New Tools For Marketers How To Plan Your Technology Buying Cycle Huawei Unveils Its Push Into The Mobile PC Market Servers Companies Are Creating So Much Data, It Has To Be Shipped In Trucks Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Buy Your Personal Domain Name... Before A Troll Does Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers How To Start Using Cloud Computing To Give Your Business A Competitive Edge How To Snoop-Proof Any Phone Or Tablet Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps How To Tie The Five Most Useful Knots Hands On With Google And Microsoft Authenticator Apps Anthony Caruana May 25, 2017, 12:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  2FA Australian Stories authentication google microsoft passwords Share One of the primary vehicles used by bad guys to access our systems is stealing log-in credentials in order to impersonate real users. All the security processes and tools in the world are circumvented when someone has your username and password. That's where two-factor authentication (2FA) comes into play. 2FA works by adding another authentication challenge to the equation. It's not just about what you know - your password, it's also about something you have. That's where the authenticator apps from Microsoft and Google come into play. 2FA isn't new. I was using it back in the 1990s with a RSA SecureID token. That was before we had smartphones and the system worked well although the complexity involved in setting it up meant only well-resourced organisations could use it. But today, different forms of 2FA are widely available or consumer services as well as corporate systems. I installed both the Microsoft Authenticator and Google Authenticator to an iPhone 7 Plus running iOS 10.3.2 (the most recent version currently available. Microsoft Authenticator I'm an Office 365 subscriber and have had a Microsoft account since the days when Messenger was cool. That account has been used to set up the various Windows 10 systems I use as well as Skype. When logging in to Microsoft services, I have an option to either use my password or to use Authenticator (both Google and Microsoft call their app Authenticator - thankfully they have very different icons) Two different things can happen when I log into services that rely on my Microsoft account. Sometimes a request appears on my iPhone, asking me to approve a log-in by using TouchID. Other times, a two-digit number is displayed on the computer I'm using to access the Microsoft service. The app displays a list of three two-digit numbers and I have to choose the matching number before providing TouchID with a fingerprint. Interestingly, Microsoft Authenticator also displays an eight-digit number than can be used as the second authentication factor. However, in several weeks of using the app, I've never been prompted to provide it. If you have multiple Microsoft accounts, such as one for personal use and one for work, then you can add multiple accounts to the app. Google Authenticator Google Authenticator takes a more traditional approach to 2FA. It provides a six-digit code that changes every minute. When you log into a Google service using your password - the app supports multiple Google accounts - you are asked to provide the code. It effectively makes my iPhone into a security token. Adding 2FA to your Google account is straightforward. When you enable it through your account settings, you are provided with a barcode that can be scanned by the Google Authenticator app or a code you can type in that links the device to your Google account. The process is seamless and only takes a few minutes to complete. The problem of 2FA One of the obvious issues with 2FA is what to do if you lose your smartphone. Fortunately, there are account recovery processes that you can employ with Microsoft and Google so you can connect to your account. Using 2FA, if it's new to you, requires an adjustment. The days of quickly tapping in a password to access an account or service are behind you. I found that Microsoft's two-step approach, matching the two-digit number and then providing my fingerprint required an adjustment on my part as it made logging in a longer process. Google's approach, of simply requesting the code works more easily but I like Microsoft's approach of using a biometric as a second level of identification. But, for now, that's the price of better account security. 2FA is a fact of life Until we find newer, easier ways to prove identity, systems such as the Google and Microsoft authenticator apps, and Apple's approach of sending a one-time code to an authorised device, are probably the best way to widely deploy 2FA or multi-step authentication. Where it's available, I strongly advise using 2FA. And both of these apps work well. WATCH MORE: Tech News Also on Lifehacker Is It Cheaper To Buy A Samsung Galaxy S8 On A Plan Than An iPhone 7? Is It Cheaper To Buy The Galaxy S8 Outright Or On A Plan? The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You’ve Never Heard Of) Comments death_au @death_au May 25, 2017, 4:14pm I have a few 2-factor things going on depending on which account I am using. I have a Google, Microsoft and LastPass all set to provide me codes in the Authenticator app (although I use Authy rather than the Google Authenticator). I rarely use it though. - My personal Google account is set up to prompt me through my android phone and I just have to click 'YES'. - My work Google account sends me an SMS with the authentication code which I type in to the browser. I actually find this more convenient, as the SMS gets shown on my smartwatch (and my PC through Pushbullet if I'm on a PC with that set up), so I don't even have to take out my phone to see the code to type in. - My Microsoft account also sends me an SMS, though I have to confirm the last four digits of my phone number every time, and Microsoft shows me the last two digits, which I find weird. - My LastPass account is set up through work, so the 2FA method is fixed as having to use the code from Authy. I find this least convenient as I have to dig me phone out, find the Authy app, select the account and then type in the code. - My Steam account sends me a notification in the Steam app with the 2FA code. Again, super convenient because it appears on my smartwatch/Pushbullet, but it does mean I have to have the Steam app installed on my phone - Commonwealth Bank sends me codes to confirm when I try to send money to a new account for example. They are sent as a notification through the Commbank app, or SMS if that hasn't been set up. Again, super convenient. - I also have the occasional account that will send 2FA codes via email, and I dislike how I have to then switch to an email client and/or wait some time for the email to come through (it's usually quick, but rarely as instant as a push notification or SMS) In conclusion, my preference is towards notifications of 2FA codes at the moment, because I have things set up to easily see notifications from my phone on my smartwatch or on a PC through Pushbullet. I prefer SMS so I don't have to install apps like Steam for example just to get the codes, though in the case of things like Commbank I would have the app installed anyway. I've also noticed when using the my Microsoft or Google account on my phone, often it can automatically pass the 2FA step for me when the SMS with the code is received. The only way I could see 2FA as being any more convenient would be being able to do something like Google's just press yes thing on my smartwatch (I have a Pebble, so I doubt that will happen unless there's an actionable notification. Maybe on Android Wear though?), or if the phone was paired with the device I was authenticating on and passed the information along automatically. Sometimes I also wish I could use the 2FA methods as a single factor, avoiding the use of a password altogether. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Why You Should Keep A Journal (And How To Start Yours) Alan Henry 25 May 2017 4:00 PM Some of the most influential people in history kept detailed journals of their lives. Those journals served two purposes. a permanent record for posterity, and cathartic release for the people writing them. Even if you don't think you need either, keeping a journal has benefits you can enjoy immediately. Here's why you might want to sit down regularly to jot down your thoughts. How To Tie The Five Most Useful Knots Kirk Bowlen 24 May 2017 11:30 AM Before you decide to channel your inner Indiana Jones and run off to explore nearby caves, deserts or mountain trails, you may want to take a step back and think if you are completely prepared for that kind of adventure. Learning how to tie a few popular knots won’t take an extreme amount of time and you will be surprised how often you can actually use them when you know what you’re doing. Here are five knots that every camper, hiker, mountain climber and survivalist should know. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps Deals: Stop People From Seeing All The Dodgy Stuff You Search Online Overwatch Is Free Next Weekend Deals: Get 80% Off Military Grade Torches Trending Articles 1 Ask LH: Am I Allowed To Booby Trap My Thumb Drive? 2 All The Best Movies Coming To And Leaving US Netflix In May 2017 3 Why You Should Keep A Journal (And How To Start Yours) Let These Mind-Blowing Galaxy Simulations Melt Your Face Off I Threw Away $4.8 Million In Bitcoin This Isn't Anakin Skywalker's Lightsaber Any More, It's Rey's Why Do We Want Robots To Destroy Us So Badly? If You Like Rhythm Games, You Should Play Neon FM Here's The Best Prepaid Phone Plans In Australia The Switch Is The Perfect Platform For Disgaea 5  Xbox's Game Pass Service Is Live From Today, If You Have Xbox Live Gold Approach Fitness Like A Video Game And Start Levelling Up Why You Should Keep A Journal (And How To Start Yours) Wordfence offers WordPress Security Audit Service How To Limit Polyphenol Loss In Your Vegetables 8 arrested in Manchester attack as a 'significant connection' emerges between the attacker and known ISIS recruiter The 10 most important things in the world right now AUSTRALIAN STOCKS LIFT: Here's what you need to know 10 things in tech you need to know today © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Google IO 2017 Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Android Auto coming to Audi dashboards, no phone required Newsby Joshua Vergara3 hours ago 67 2 Android Auto fulfilled a very real need for drivers by giving users a way to bridge the gap between their mobile devices and the infotainment systems built into their cars. Switching from the familiar navigation solution on a phone to a discrete car-based system was jarring and not always as good. Conversely, sending navigation prompts from your phone to your car’s speakers over Bluetooth was unreliable and defeated the purpose of the latter’s built-in navigation. A better – and more consistent – way to combine the two was needed. As a result, Android Auto via USB-connected smartphones made its way into a bevy of cars now on the road, democratizing the highly capable dashboard experience for those who wouldn’t otherwise be able to afford the premium infotainment/navigation system. But even that solution, while more consistent, still seemed like a stop-gap. Fortunately, due to the open source nature of the Android platform, Auto is reaching its next evolution thanks to the efforts of car manufacturer software development. At Google I/O 2017, it was announced that Android Auto would be coming, natively, to select vehicles that currently include models from Volvo and Audi. The idea is to break free of the smartphone that needs to be tethered to the center dash. Instead, Android is what powers everything in the vehicle, from the dashboard right down to the climate control. While the guts of Android Auto remain very familiar, the user experience is catered to the specific car – and, ostensibly, the driver. Android customization has made it onto the road. I was able to get a glimpse at this next phase via Audi’s demo vehicle at Google I/O. The car was familiar – a Q8 concept vehicle that was showcased at the Geneva Auto Show. However, sitting in the passenger seat brought a new experience, as three screens adorned both the center console and the driver’s dash. In the typical infotainment section, a large screen showing Audi’s interpretation of Android Auto (more on that later) was atop another touchscreen where you would normally see the climate control toggles and other similar buttons and dials. And the best part was that the driver dash just behind the steering wheel was synced up with the system – many cars don’t have this level of synchronicity, where a quick glance down between one’s hands to see the Google Navigation provides a much safer alternative than diverting one’s gaze elsewhere. To the point of Audi’s own iteration of Android Auto, the applications supported and the functions provided are largely the same, with proper integration with the vehicle added in. For example, on the same panel of buttons a ‘car status’ button actually shows if everything is operating properly. And on a deeper level, the look of each and every app fits an overall design language that not only fit in with the bits and pieces around the screen, but with Audi’s image itself. And this might be the biggest deal with Android Auto’s (and in this case, Audi’s) next usability evolution – that developers can create one application that works across all the different variations on Google’s smart vehicle system. That includes the phone adapted version, the Android Auto USB tethered edition, and this next step into full integration with the car. But in making the guts accessible to all platforms, the manufacturers are able to tailor (read: skin) the apps accordingly. The result is a seamless experience that is easy on the eyes and further fixes potential disjoints. Better still, we get to see multiple visions of the same system, much like the original Android OS itself – the Audi version, the Volvo version, or any other car company that decides to join in. As an avid user of Android Auto (via USB), I find the core platform to be an incredible step forward for anyone that is trying to make their cars smarter with connected apps like the Google Assistant. And to see car companies jumping into the foray of Android development in a very similar way to smartphone manufacturers means that Android’s diversification is again on the rise. It is an exciting time to be a driver not just because of our leaps forward in transportation itself, but for the experience one can have in the driver’s seat – or should I say, cockpit. Availability of built-in Android on Audi and Volvo vehicles currently hinge on cars yet to come (and in the automotive world, speculating on upcoming release dates is often futile), but we can’t wait to see how Android becomes not only the OS in your pocket, but the automotive companion that helps you get from point-A to point-B. News Android Auto, Audi Android Auto, Audi Joshua Vergara Writer, blogger, and videographer - Josh is a former support technician that learned much about technology by fixing everyone else's. On the side, he wrote and performed spoken word, maintained his own personal blogs, and began his own video podcast. Now, he's here at Android Authority looking to put it all together! Leave a comment The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   HTC U11 International Giveaway! 4 days ago39 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 27 Plus 1 on G+ 67 Share on Facebook 74 Share on Twitter Total Shares168 Applications Google Google has been improving Gboard with the same type of tools it uses for speech recognition: machine learning. The budding technology is rapidly becoming a ubiquitous method for improving results and performance. If a network can be trained to accurately accomplish something in a performant way, odds are you'll see it introduced to any product it can be applied to. Gboard and text-input as a whole are no different, and we are reaping the benefits of improved corrections and predictions every time we swipe out a low-accuracy message to a friend. But how do these improvements work? This is going to be a pretty technical post, and I'm going to do my best to simplify things to a level where everyone can enjoy the subject. All of this is based on a recent Google Research blog post. If you are really into machine learning and you already know what every term I might use means, the source link is probably the best place for you to learn about the cool new stuff in Gboard. If, however, you think you might want a few of the concepts or terms explained, then this article might be the place for you. Google's latest research blog post is all about one thing: Gboard. The authors talk about some of the new features that were shown off at I/O, like the transliteration tools for typing in a language you might only have a phonetic familiarity with. But the biggest things discussed in the article relate to how input is determined, and the models and math that determine which swipes equate to which words, and how to most accurately correct mistakes. The two solutions Google has found revolve around its neural spatial models for processing input, and finite-state transducers for state progression to accurately determine content. These sound like complex ideas, but their cleverness can be explained. Input Neural spatial models are just a fancy way of saying machine learning applied to any space. For instance, the physical Gboard keyboard layout itself. When we type, we sometimes type wrong. And when we swipe, we sometimes swipe wrong. I might have meant to drag over "P" for this word, but I only made it to O. That's where these neural spatial models come in handy. They are able to determine probabilities for which letters you meant to hit based on physical proximity of input, as well as predictive models based on trained corrections. Originally, Gboard used a Gaussian model, combed with a set of simple rules. That's a fancy way of saying it used physical proximity in a sort of bell-curve out from a given key, combined with a basic understanding of certain common errors. The developers have replaced the older Gaussian and rule-based model with an LSTM, or long short-term memory model, trained by a CTC, or connectionist temporal classification. Big somewhat scary acronyms, but they're actually pretty simple ideas. A long short-term memory is a particular kind of neural net ideal for use in applications of intermittent or unknown event/time latencies, and Google has previously used these for speech recognition, the Google Assistant, and Google Translate. A connectionist temporal classification is a specific method of training a neural network. After all, a neural network is nothing without data to derive weighted triggers and values from. In this case, it means segmenting data input to the network by time and allowing the network to retroactively refer to input, states, and output before and after the current set. To further simplify, it means referring to data at many stages of analysis from multiple periods of time, increasing the value of context in the network's training. To pull data for training, Google used data sets comprised of information collected when users opt-in to share snippets, and set reverted corrections and suggestions as negative signals, and accepted corrections or suggestions as positive. To help visualize how it might work, we have this image. In the above, the left represents individual data points from the word "could" as swiped on Gboard. The right is a normalized temporal data for the same swiped input. By being able to refer to the probable center of an input, in temporal context with inputs that came before and after, we can tell that the overall path means "Could" even if we might not have hit a couple of letters quite right. Google was further able to adapt some of its speech recognition tools and data and apply it to corrections and suggestions in Gboard, optimizing things over iterations with a heavy dose of Tensorflow to increase the speed of analysis and output and decrease the number of errors. All that is well and good, but Google can also leverage the rules of a language to enhance predictions. As a basic example, consider: If you tapped O-T instead of I-T, Gboard can look at its dictionary and determine that "OT" isn't something you are likely to input, but that the similar "IT" is a word. Furthermore, "I" is physically close to "O," so you probably meant "IT." Easy. Well, Google is able to do a similar but improved sort thing via what is called a finite-state transducer. Processing To vastly over-simplify, a finite-state transducer, in this case, means an order of operations for processing input. The operational flow above shows the various stages of potential input for the words "I," "I've," and "If." In this image input at each stage comes before the ":" (with ε representing nothing as either input or output), and potential outputs are shown after the ":" as they each become logical. So we start having input the letter "i." From the top path we can see, if there is no additional input, then "I" is the correct output. If an apostrophe or space follows, followed by the letter "v," then "I've" is the likely output. If the letter "f" follows, then "If" is the likely output. The final two flows at the bottom return to start. You can think of it as just a series of rules for input and output. Google is able to use these same tools at other scales. For instance, developers can create these logical chains for whole words and their contexts, combined with the spatial models above and statistical likelihoods for possible inputs. These tools also apply to the transliteration features that were shown off at I/O. By implementing those same workflows and networks towards phonetically spelled input, it can guess what characters or words in another language you might mean. For anyone that might speak a language, but not know how to spell it, that's pretty cool. Unfortunately, if you can't read the language, you aren't really in a position to know if what it's typing is right or wrong, but it's still a useful tool. Output Gboard and machine learning are both pretty fantastically interesting and complex subjects. I hope our simplification of the tools behind it has helped you understand a bit more behind how it all works. It's useful to have knowledge about how the things we use on a daily basis work, not just in an abstract sense for intellectual fulfillment, but to provide us with a base for troubleshooting when things might go wrong. Now when GBoard makes seemingly odd recommendations, you might have a small idea as to why. Source: Google Tags AI autocorrect gboard machine learning neural networks predictive keyboard video subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon's LG K8 V is getting an update to Android 7.0 Nougat ... Next Story Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more ... Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments KlausWillSeeYouNow Despite all this, Gboard is total and utter shit at predicting what it is I'm trying to say. It's also buggy and crashy as hell. I switched to SwiftKey and haven't looked back. elijahblake it is very, very, very, bad at predicting correct words.. I do miss swiftkey sometimes. I guess i'm just hanging in there hoping the gboard starts learning. Just today instead of "this" it put "thoe" dimm0k I've mentioned this before... prior to the change of name to Gboard when it was Google Keyboard, the prediction was actually decent! since the name change however I agree that the prediction has been pretty crappy! words that I've typed pretty often still get mistaken for some other random word that doesn't even work in the sentence I'm typing out! David Thoren That's interesting.. I've never really used the prediction to type with, I just swipe through without looking, so I can't really speak to that.. But I have never seen Gboard crash or even get unstable. KlausWillSeeYouNow Gboard is totally unstable on my LG V20. Maybe it's just something specific to my device – but only recent versions of Gboard have had this issue for me. I miss the days of Google Keyboard, a stable product that actually worked. gv Haven't had any stability problems with g'board; don't think it's even crashed once on my axon7. But then again, it doesn't work worth a damn either, so is that really such an accomplishment? KlausWillSeeYouNow Yeah. Amen. Sounds like you and I should have a beer sometime. We clearly feel the same about Gboard. gv You can apply all the fancy machine learning you want, doesn't change that gv is total shit at predicting swiped words... it's so bad that I've gone back to swype despite it being a resource hog and slow. My favorite thing is you'll swipe a word, and gv will take a guess and be really wrong. So you'll back over it, swipe it again and gv will guess the EXACT SAME WORD. So you'll back over it, swipe it again, and gv will now be so sure that it won't offer *any* alternative suggestions (even though the alternative suggestions were also wrong) the third time. Machine learning, my ass! Machine stupidity; if it wasn't the correct word the first or second time you can be damn sure it's not the correct word the third time! So then you type in the word you actually want, and next sentence you need the same word. Idiot gv then suggests the original word AGAIN when you swipe it. Machine learning, my ass! At least swype is smart enough to know that if you just used a word it didn't swype in correctly, next time you swype something close to that (even if you didn't permanently add it to the dictionary) that's likely the word you wanted! KlausWillSeeYouNow AMEN! PREACH! I second this. It's so annoying. You said it better than I ever could, pal. Whatever Gboard's doing, it isn't working. Carson Saldanha I'm even on the beta on my 2014 Nexus 6 and it's running just fine--no crashes or anything. blahmoomoo If they can one day figure out when I mean to say "if" or "of", I'll be happy. It feels like less of a problem recently, but it still happens sometimes... Lare2 The problem I have with Gboard is that when you write on two languages and forget to change the language, over the time, it will start suggesting words on the wrong language. Rod This. On the other hand, Swiftkey handles languages nicely. big_al77 I love gboard. Best keyboard for a while now Miku is Best Vocaloid I started using it as soon as they added bilingual prediction. Ha hecho mi vida mucho más fácil. Joseph Walker Home-based mom Kelly Richards from New York City after giving up from her full time work managed to get paid from 26000 dollars-28000 dollars a month from freelancing in the house... This is how she working it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now matteventu And why the hell when I write in Italian it often tells me "Download now the Portuguese dictionary" (or some shit like that) as a tip? Can't it understand that I'm writing in Italian, with also the Italian dictionary set up? Lare2 It's​ doing the same to me when typing in Spanish. Stu I've finally made the switch from fleksy to gboard. Not the smoothest transition but there are some pluses. I just wish that when I turned off auto capitalization it worked for everything and not just the first letter of a sentence. Wouldn't mind if it knew that punctuation went at the end of the last word, even if I put a space already (like with commas). Would also be nice if when I added words to the dictionary it knew better when to suggest them or auto add them. Even when I add shortcuts in the dictionary I still have to type very deliberately, add apostrophes myself, etc. My name is…. A far lesser keyboard to Swiftkey. Mike Each have their pros and cons, I personally prefer Gboard for it's speed but Swiftkey has more features going for it. KlausWillSeeYouNow There's nothing fast about having to correct nearly every word Gboard predicts or swipes wrong. It will change correctly typed words, like "got," to stuff that can neither be contextually nor structurally related, like "hey." It was just like torture. I wanted to love Gboard but couldn't :( Aaron I want to love Gboard still. Just couldn't keep using Swiftkey after after the MS buyout. KlausWillSeeYouNow Why? It's not like it has Outlook built in or anything. Dmitry Stepanushkin Sure some people will use swipe input, but I prefer tap, especially for English keyboard, it's much faster for me, and swipe feels unreliable. Mike I try to Swype all the time and it just feels like I'm wasting time versus just tapping. Christopher Bement Swiping is way faster for me. tlogank Gboard kills the battery on my S7 for some reason. I get more alerts about it eating my battery up than any other app. Wish that wasn't the case because it's my favorite keyboard, but I can't keep using it as is. Carson Saldanha Try setting the theme to black AMOLED. I know that shouldn't be the fix and probably won't fully fix it, but it'll for sure help a little and will only take a while until you get used to the look. tlogank I'm getting notices for it even when I'm not using it. It's like doing stuff in the background or something. Christopher Bement What have you tried in an attempt to fix it? tlogank Not much besides uninstalling and reinstalling it. Doesn't seem to help for more than a day. Druter Gboard is one of the most inaccurate keyboards on the Play store right now. Sometimes it almost seems as if it's trying to make typing as full of errors as possible. I have taken to reading everything two or three times to catch the errors and it still manages to sneak some in there. I do not have confidence enough in Gboard to type even short sentences and hit send without proofreading. If this is machine learning, the machine needs to go back to school obk88 just used it for about a week its very intriguing...using gifs, doing quick search from the keyboard and also used the translation option...but typing is just more effortless on swfitkey. Prediction is better on swiftkey, no suggestions in chrome or other apps is really annoying & gliding isnt as smooth...google is going in the right direction but this app still needs work...for now im back on swfitkey but keeping an eye on gboard for sure gv gboard may have machine learning algorithms, but they suck out loud. The ONLY thing it has going for it is launch speed. Other than that, it's far slower because it mis-predicts what word I'm swiping nearly 85% of the time. Seriously, I was swiping a text the other day and it didn't swipe a correct word. Eventually wound up thumbing the message just so I could talk! tehboogieman One of my biggest issues with Gboard is the inconsistency of whole word delete when swipe typing. I recently discovered there is a swipe backspace feature that I haven't read about anywhere that partially makes up for it, but I wish they would make the experience more consistent. If AP hasn't mentioned it yet it might be post worthy. I like a lot of the other improvements that Gboard has over the previous Google/AOSP keyboard. I've noticed a lot of improvements in text correction that takes a little getting used to, where it actually corrects groups of words or phrases in some situations. Still annoyed that I can't sync with my other devices just because I have one GSuite account Ailín Ó’S SwiftKey will remain my goto however. Nathan J And yet, they still can't tell the difference between to and too, or insist I meant CSV when I trace type "can." Rod Great post! Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 10 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 111 queries | 0.331s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 79 Share on Facebook 62 Share on Twitter Total Shares155 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Podcast subscriptions 1.2 Audio Player Notification Channel 1.3 Data Saver for Now Cards 1.4 Google Assistant on Chrome OS (Tease) 1.5 New Icons 1.6 Image attribution? 2 Download Version 7.3 of the Google app began rolling out to users in the beta channel earlier today. There are a few odd little changes to be found poking around in the UI, like a new menu shortcut on many of the Assistant settings screens that leads to the Activity Controls settings, but it's all pretty innocuous. We'll surely see more significant features going live as Google activates them remotely over the coming weeks™. Nevertheless, there are some interesting things to be found during the course of a teardown. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Podcast subscriptions Last year, Google took a (half-hearted) stab at supporting podcasts with the Play Music app. The same day, in a much less expected move, it also became possible to listen to individual episodes right from a Google search. Fast forward several months and Google Assistant also gained the ability to play podcasts, which turned out to be a fairly natural feature for Google Home. While Play Music allows users to subscribe to podcasts, listening to one through Google Search or Assistant meant asking for shows by name, and may also require a specific episode number if you want to hear anything but the most recent recording. Now it looks like Google is going to close that gap with built-in podcast subscriptions. code <string name="podcasts">Podcasts</string> <string name="no_podcasts_found">No podcasts found</string> <string name="delete_favorites">Delete selected podcasts</string> <string name="subscribe">Subscribe</string> <string name="unsubscribe">Unsubscribe</string> <string name="confirm_unsubscribe_title">Unsubscribe from this show?</string> By all appearances, podcast subscriptions will be accessible in Google Assistant settings and will likely be treated much like subscriptions to news sources. The one obvious difference is that Google will track which episodes have been played so you won't miss any or have to listen to repeats. I do want to know if this will use the same subscription list and episode tracking as Play Music, because it would certainly be annoying if the two are independent and can't be kept in sync. However, if this is done right, it will make Google Home a really great appliance for podcast listening. Note: Some previously added strings already related to podcasts, but only in the context of marking them as favorites. The new text shows that a more fully-baked feature is planned. Audio Player Notification Channel The Google app already has a huge number of notification channels, but there is a new one titled "Audio Player" on the way. There can be no doubt that this topic is related to the previous section about podcasts; but I broke it out as a separate topic because it will surely fit other situations, as well. <string name="audio_player_notification_channel">Audio Player</string> Naturally, this channel will be occupied by a player control and should pop up anytime there is audio playing through the Google app. For example, search results can also be used to find and play audio clips from popular music. There's really not much more to say about this, but it's probably good that users will have the option to modify settings for these notifications. Data Saver for Now Cards If you've been following along for a while, it's probably pretty obvious Google has been tweaking many of its apps to be more responsible about data usage, especially in countries known to have slow throughput and low data caps. If this applies to you, then there's a setting that you might want to keep an eye out for. Google is adding a Data Saver mode for the Now Cards. code <string name="turn_on_feed_datasaver">Data saver</string> <string name="feed_datasaver_details">When data saver is on, your feed won’t get the latest content.</string> <string name="feed_datasaver_preference">feedDataSaverPreference</string> from: /xml/now_cards_settings.xml <com.google.android.apps.gsa.search.core.preferences.CustomSwitchPreference android:key="@string/feed_datasaver_preference" android:defaultValue="false" /> This differs from the Lite Mode that Google began working on and testing last year. That setting was intended to optimize the data passing between the server and user so that it would consume less while delivering the same (or similar) quality of content. The Data Saver feature discussed here is focused on preventing Google from updating the Now Cards in the background. If you don't even look at Google Now cards, or maybe don't care about seeing them updated unless they are manually refreshed, this is definitely a feature you'll want to look for. Google may have already made it available in certain regions, but it's not yet showing up for me, so I suggest taking a look in the Google settings under the Your Feed section. If it's enabled for your device, the Data Saver option should be at the very top of the list. Google Assistant on Chrome OS (Tease) During an interview with The Telegraph in mid-December, Hiroshi Lockheimer made a pretty clear statement that Google Assistant was destined to arrive on Chrome OS at some point in the future. That was about six months ago and it seems nobody has seen it happen in any official capacity yet. However, a couple of new strings in the Google app actually do appear to suggest this plan hasn't been abandoned. <string name="chrome_os_opa_value_proposition_cancel">No Thanks</string> <string name="chrome_os_opa_value_proposition_continue">Continue</string> Only the string names matter in this situation. The text will just be used to label a pair of buttons. The bit about "chrome os" is pretty clear, and the "opa" segment is a standard shorthand for Google Assistant. As for the "value proposition" bit, I assume these buttons will be used on an ad that either encourages users to set up Assistant when it becomes available, or may even suggest buying a Chromebook. For now, it's hard to tell since the content of the message isn't included at this time. It may be pushed to users remotely when it's time to run the message. While this gives no clues about a release date or any new features, at least it's a paltry sign of hope for Chrome OS users that have become frustrated with waiting for Assistant to make its grand debut on laptops. New Icons I usually skip over new icons since most of them are redundant or don't really relate to anything too special. However, there are three that might be worth a quick mention. The first belongs to the recently announced Google Lens. It matches the icon shown during the I/O keynote and the filename confirms it. While the icon is there, it doesn't show up anywhere in the live interface, which isn't too surprising since Lens hasn't actually launched yet. No doubt it will appear in the Google Assistant at some point, probably in the same horizontal row with the new keyboard icon for text input. The next icon is the always familiar RSS logo. I don't want to venture too many guesses about any features it might lead to, but it would make sense if the Google app is going to become a little more friendly towards subscribing to content providers instead of providing just randomly chosen articles. Last but not least, we have the water symbol from The Fifth Element. It actually represents "waves" in this case. It might have to do with coastal conditions, recreational spots, or surfing reports. Okay, I admit it, I only included this one so I could squeeze in that a movie reference. Image attribution? Finally, we've come to a mystery topic. The resources for the latest update include a brand new menu named attribution_popup_menu.xml with just one command called "view image source." code <string name="view_image_source">View image source</string> from /menu/attribution_popup_menu.xml <menu xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <item android:visible="true" android:title="@string/view_image_source" /> </menu> As a person that writes a lot of original content and edits a lot of images, my first instinct was that this might be related to a tool that would help people identify the origin of many images on the Internet. After many attempts to test that theory, I'm not so confident about it. My second thought is that this menu is related to the Google Attribution announcement made just yesterday. The timing and name certainly go together, but it's hard to come up with a reason why somebody would need to view the source of an image in that context. I don't have too many other thoughts on this one, but speculation in the comments is welcome. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 7.3.16 beta APK Mirror Download QR-Code Google Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app assistant attribution audio chrome os data saver download downloads google assistant notification channels now cards podcasts subscriptions teardown subscribe ... Previous Story Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Lawrence Anyone having issues installing this on Android O DP2? James Amend Yes. I have. I wasn't able to update the Google App via the Play Store or via APK. The only way I was able to get it to install/update was to revert back to Nougat, update it, and then return to O. I haven't had any issues since. It seems like the app never got stuck on the version from 7.1.2 and that broke something (I didn't have the updated launcher either after updating to O). mondeca Google's lame implementation of podcasts is really disappointing. I love my PocketCasts, but I was hoping for a quality effort from Google to spur competition. Carson Saldanha App shortcuts too! Cody Toombs They're not actually new. They were there in earlier versions, but a bug in one or two of the previous builds prevented them from showing up for a while. Carson Saldanha Ah, thanks for the clarification. I had seen it on 9to5Google earlier today and I guess they were mistaken. 👌 Kawshik Ahmed It's coming on Chrome OS but not on Pixel C or any other Android tablets -_- Cody Toombs I have a feeling that thing about tablets not getting Assistant will prove to be a relatively short-lived thing. It was a Pixel Phone exclusive for a long while, then went to phones (many of which are still waiting for it, I'm told), and then the SDK for other devices came out. I've got a feeling they'll start (or at least announced) a rollout to tablets in a few months, probably right around October. Andy J Yeah it drives me up the wall when they keep saying "Your assistant available everywhere" and I'm like - well..... no.... it's not is it. I mean right now I have an LGG4 in the UK - I'm still waiting for it to arrive. I have a Google Home - so right now my assistant is available in exactly one place (it's technically also on my G Watch R - but AW2 is next to useless so it doesn't count) Joseph Walker Full time mommy Kelly Richards from New York after quitting from her regular job managed to earn from 26000$ to 28000$ a month from freelancing inside the house... This is the way she working it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Denholm Willmer Shouldn't the Data Saver that's integrated into Nougat work for Now cards as well? Instead of having an individual Data Saver option for everything perhaps it should be done on a system level and made customizable boop Nougat is on 7% of devices. The Google app is on nearly 100% of devices. Denholm Willmer I can see where you're coming from, but if you're going to have a Data Saver option in Nougat, you might as well make it function the way it says, because I think that's what a user would expect. If not, it should be able to be customized to their liking. boop I wonder what the activation method for Assistant will be? Long press of the search/app button? Keyboard shortcut? Or will we just have to open the app? Vantius Long press the home button, like it already is. Umesh Chamara at least they should have expand their google now support to few more counties. Jason Berek-Lewis Still no podcasts in Google Play Music in Australia, so I wonder if this feature will work... Jordan L My Google Now weather card for "home" is showing the wrong town. It's been like this for weeks. Home is set correctly. Any ideas? (Probably clear data and cache) Andy J Did the version you did the teardown on also feature the Notification Listener in the manifest that the XDA teardown spotted? And if so - do you have any theories? Matt I have long time Visual Search (Lens) and now new layout Google Now too. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5767e7e7a9b9420b954d71894ac9d99abd618656ef76a7d82d26507fc82388e6.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/574b2a692daa5233f5074e3717c082c87e9f9d63409bba6ecc8c229b6d8a6aae.png Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 10 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 126 queries | 0.386s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Sorry!! The article you are trying to read is not available now. Log In Business News Politics And Regulation Markets The Economy Editor's Pick Trading And Investing Stocks ETFs Fixed Income Currencies Earnings Commodities Options Taxes Personal Finance How To Trade How To Invest sectors Biotech/pharma Consumer Energy Financial Global Markets Media Precious Metals Real Estate Technology Transportation special features Wall Of Worry Random Thoughts Sports Business Minyanville Press Hoofy & Boo Radio From The Buzz & Banter Daily Recap MV Education center Video t3 live subscriptions Thank you very much; you're only a step away from downloading your reports. You will receive a download link right in your email inbox for each of the free reports that you choose. Minyanville Dizzy but cool: Our stocks are up huge so is it time to panic? By Scutify May 24, 2017 12:49 pm PRINT   Stay Connected This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. Join me at 2pm ET today for this week's Live Q&A Chat. Visit the Trading With Cody Chat room on the Trading With Cody iPhone app, the Trading WithCody Android app or in the online Chat Room. If you can't make the chat today, but you have a question about any stock or the markets or the economy or anything else you want to ask me, just email us at support@tradingwithcody.com. Anybody else dizzy from the amazing rallies over the last couple months and last few days in our stocks like Nvidia, Axogen, Amazon and Impinj? How about the new highs in our stocks like Apple, Google, Facebook, Sony and Solar Edge? Nvidia is now up 350% since we bought it fourteen months ago. As I wrote at the time: "Nvidia is positioned to become the de facto standard chip supplier for the Virtual Reality Revolution, the Driverless Car Revolution (part of the Drone Revolution, Artificial Intelligence Revolution - and it's certainly in a position to ride the near-term hype in addition to being positioned to actually grow huge from supplying those revolutions." Axogen is up 300% since we bought it just over a year and a half ago. As I wrote at the time: "Trading at less than $5 a share, Axogen AXGN is a biotech company that's pioneering a brand new way for surgeons to rebuild and reconnect and save nerves in all kinds of surgeries. My best friend from college from twenty years ago at UNM is nowadays a hand transplant and reconstructive surgeon in Baltimore and he's been using this company's nerve connect technology in nerve reconstruction...This is a tiny market cap stock at about $120 million and should be considered a very high risk venture capitalist investment that will take 3-5 years to play out." Apple's up 14,000% since we first bought it. Google's up 2000% since we bought it on the day it IPO'd. Facebook's up 500% since we made it a Top 3 largest position a few weeks after it's IPO. Sony's doubled. The biggest complaint from Trading With Cody subscribers right now is that we didn't own even more big winners and that I didn't catch Tesla three years ago. Which brings me to today's market topic. You don't have to be all in or all out. You don't have to be wildly bullish and betting your money and reputation and all of your retirement on stocks right now. You don't have to be like this Trading With Cody subscriber I went back and forth with this past weekend: Subscriber: "I read every thing you say. I have great respect to you as trader. I just think that nailing the top is impossible. Once markets will fall, it's way too late. I don't really understand how will you nail a top? I am closing ALL my positions as I am very afraid. Better safe than sorry." I wrote back: You don't have to be ALL in or ALL out. Can't we just trim and hedge a little for now? Subscriber: "I see the euro/ dollar up from 1.035 to 1.12 in just 2 months. I see USD/YEN going down from 125 to 111 and that's while the Fed is raising rates. Dow transportation is not rising with DJIA. Copper down, oil down. You are a much better trader than I am, are these not warning signs? And Vix at all time low. What do you think?" I think too many traders and investors listen to too much noise. I think I've been reading about supposed warning signs from the same guys who missed the first three or four years of this Bubble-Blowing Bull Market that we were positioned for and benefitted from. I think we should always be worried about the next Black Swan and we should be aware that the stock market will crash again at least a few more times in my lifetime. But I don't think that means we panic ourselves out of the stock market entirely right now. I had a Trading With Cody subscriber who canceled two years ago because they want me to get bearish. "Hey Cody's caught the bottom the last three times and the top twice since I've been following him for twenty years, but he missed this one. He missed the top that was put in." This guy had said he had been following me for twenty years and he was canceling because I missed the top. I think about him sometimes when I hear people on CNBC or Fox Business breathlessly talking about how stocks are at all-time highs and the economy is growing. And I'm like, you know..it is. And, until we really have something to freak out about like in 2007, when I was freaking out about real estate, you know, it still is. It is what it is. I hope I catch the next top. I am doing everything I can to catch it. There is going to be a top. There is going to be a crash in our life time. It might be this year. It might be in five years. But we can't over-anticipate it before it gets here and we don't want to just foolishly sell our stocks and be bearish because "Hey, my stocks are up and the economy's been stronger for a long time now." Long-time subscribers remember when I did turn outright bearish back in 2007, closing my hedge fund and taking a job as a TV anchor on Fox. And they remember when I left TV and started loading up on Revolutionary Stocks again in 2010 and 2011. One of the big advantages of our approach is that we can continue to find secularly growing companies that are revolutionizing the world even as we navigate the broader geopolitical, governmental and financial revolutions and the cycles, bubbles and crashes they bring. We can have more cash and be a little lighter in our stocks vs cash weightings since we've had such a huge run and the markets are at all-time highs. We can also use our analysis to make sure we're in stocks that are likely to go up huge in bull markets and not go down as bad as others in bear markets. And we can short some of those lesser stocks to help hedge right now. I've got some very interesting new names for the portfolio that I'll be adding this week and next month, both longs and shorts. And I'm laser focused on finding the next bear-market/Bubble-busting catalyst whether it's a true Black Swan out of nowhere that we have to react quickly to, or one that we see coming like we did the real estate crash catalyst in 2007. Put simply: Easy does it, is what I think :) If you're new to TradingWithCody or if you've been a subscriber for a while but haven't been invested in all of our names while the markets have been continually hitting all-time highs this year, what should you do now? Before you ever make any trade, step back and catch your breath before moving any money anywhere. Rank your positions and your whole portfolio and make sure you're not about to make any emotional moves with your money. If you haven't yet read "Everything You Need to Know About Investing" then spend a couple hours doing so, please. It's a quick read but chock-full of important ideas, concepts and strategies that amateurs and pros alike should understand. Then, take a look at my own personal portfolio's Latest Positions and slowly start to scale into some of the ones you like best and/or the ones I have rated highest right now. I'd look to start scaling into a few of the many stocks in the Latest Positions that are at all-time highs along with a couple that we've recently featured in our Trade Alerts that I've personally been scaling into. This article was written by Cody Willard for on . This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. < Previous 1 Next > View As One Page Click Here to read the disclaimer > Follow Us On Twitter PRINT   Get The Minyanville Daily Recap Newsletter Stay current on financial news, entertainment, education and smart market commentary. Subscribe   Stay Connected Featured Videos This application requires JavaScript. WHAT'S POPULAR IN THE VILLE 1 Dizzy but cool: Our stocks are up huge so is it time to panic? 2 CRUDE OIL AFTER EIA INVENTORIES DATA 3 Oil prices steady as market awaits extended output cut 4 Arizona Ends Income Taxation on Gold and Silver Coins 5 3% Growth? Really?! See All Articles » More From Minyanville   Business News Trading and Investing Sectors Special Features MV PREMIUM MV Education Center Video Buzz & Banter Cooper's Market Report TechStrat Report The Options Strategist Sitemap Contributor Bios Directory of Terms Archive Email Alerts RSS Feeds T3 Live Subscriptions Minyanville Merchandise Company   MinyanLand Minyanville Media Buzz and Banter.com Ruby Peck Foundation About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimers   Follow Minyanville on Facebook   Follow minyanville on Twitter   Follow Minyanville on Linkedin   Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Partners   ©2017 Minyanville Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Follow Us subscribe OEM UAV Survey Mapping GNSS Defense Mobile Machine Control/Ag Transportation More The Almanac Antenna Survey Buyers Guide Digital Edition Archive Events Innovation Opinions Receiver Survey Seen & Heard Upcoming GNSS satellite launches Webinars White Papers Google updates progress on Android GNSS measurements May 24, 2017  - By GPS World staff Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn 2 Comments Nearly a year ago, Google debuted GPS measurements in Android. “Since then, we’ve made a lot of progress,” Steve Malkos, Google technical program manager, told GPS World. Frank van Diggelen and Mohammed Khider joined Malkos in hosting a half-day tutorial at ION GNSS+ 2016 in September that detailed how to access and use GPS measurements from Android devices. “We (Google) launched a new website around our efforts with GNSS Measurements that has the latest updates about all things GNSS, such as supported devices, collection tools and analysis tools,” Malkos said. The Android GNSS Analysis Tool shows how users can select and run the analysis on a per-satellite basis. This tool now supports multi-constellation and dual frequency (L1 and L5) by default. (Credit: Google) Also, many devices releasing this year will support multi-constellation raw GNSS measurements for the first time. The Phone section on Google’s website shows the latest phones that support multi-constellation measurements. “Google also has launched a device with this capability, one of the first in the world,” Malkos said. Android O, the next version of Android, will include new GNSS measurement features, such as true multi-constellation support with GNSS measurements (API supported constellations include GPS, SBAS, GLONASS, QZSS, BeiDou and Galileo), measurement support on multiple frequencies (including L1 and L5) and reported AGC (accumulated gain control) jamming detector. This plot shows the generated output from the Android GNSS Analysis Tool: Signals strengths for the top four satellites per constellation, Skyplots, C/N0 plots, clock continuity or discontinuity, WLS output, PRR and PRR residuals. (Credit: Google) Google hosts ION GNSS tutorial Google is hosting a full-day tutorial, “Raw GNSS Measurements from Android Phones,” at ION GNSS+ 2017, which will be held Sept. 25–29 in Portland, Ore. The interactive course covers: The Android Software Stack. Learn how GNSS measurement data flows through the Android software stack. Google will also show attendees where to find the definitions of the different data structures and identify which ones are available at the Application layer. Updates to Android O. Preview the new GPS-related changes that are slated for Android O. Description of the available data. Review the data that is accessible in Android, the definitions of the different types of GNSS measurements, their physical meaning and how to use them for analysis and location. Using the data. Collect GNSS measurements outside and download the data from a provided test device to do some processing. Google will provide software tools that allow participants to log data from an Android Nougat or Android O device, view the raw measurements, and complete basic measurement analysis and position computation. Examples. Finally, Google will give those who attend specific examples of research projects and applications that users can develop with the tools and knowledge obtained in the class, such as how to build a GNSS data analysis app or how to build a crowd-sourced jammer detector. To help the Android Measurements team tailor this tutorial to your needs, fill out this form with additional items you’d like covered in the class. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Related Articles - MapSmart app hits the field - Road navigation using multiple dissimilar environmental features - ESA: Space debris enters ‘more feared exponential trend’ - Taoglas launches street-view-ready GPS performance certification services - TerraGo releases new version of zero-code platform, Magic This article is tagged with Android, GNSS, Google and posted in Featured Stories, GNSS, Latest News, Mobile About the Author: GPS World staff GPS World covers all aspects of the GPS and GNSS industry for our readers. To submit news, please send your release to gpsworld@gpsworld.com. Subscribe to GPS World If you enjoyed this article, subscribe to GPS World to receive more articles just like it. 2 Comments on "Google updates progress on Android GNSS measurements" Trackback | Comments RSS Feed Glenn says: May 24, 2017 at 10:45 pm Hello I have not been able to identify the “phone section” on “google’s website”. Can anyone advise the address/URL? Thank you Reply Andrew says: May 25, 2017 at 12:15 am I would also like to know this – I assume it’s actually on the website that the article says Google Launched – but fails to link to it. I’ve done several Googles but only turn up a few Githubs Reply Post a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Name ( required ) Email ( required; will not be published ) Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Today's News more news Google updates progress on Android GNSS measurements Nearly a year ago, Google debuted GPS measurements in Android.... Read more» May 24, 2017 | 2 Comments Companies partner on automotive radar for object detection Analog Devices and Renesas Electronics Corporation are collaborating on a system-level 77/79-GHz... Read more» May 24, 2017 | 0 Comments MapSmart app hits the field Laser Technology’s MapSmart app for Android is a tool for... Read more» May 24, 2017 | 0 Comments Taoglas launches street-view-ready GPS performance certification services Taoglas, a provider of Internet of Things (IoT) and GNSS... Read more» May 23, 2017 | 2 Comments About Us Contact Us Advertise Digital Edition Subscriber Services © 2017 North Coast Media LLC, All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Google Mobile pixel Pixel phones from Project Fi are showing up blacklisted Apparently the reselling of Google devices is not permitted By Cal Jeffrey on May 24, 2017, 5:17 PM 10 comments TechSpot Last November, Express, U.K.’s web portal for the Daily and Sunday Express newspapers reported that hundreds of accounts had been suspended by Google after it had discovered many Pixel phone owners had resold their phones to circumvent a U.S. sales tax loophole for profit. According to the report, a number of Pixel phones were purchased from Google’s Project Fi, a mobile carrier that uses multiple networks for broader signal coverage. The phones were shipped to a reseller in New Hampshire, which does not have a sales tax. The profit from the untaxed phones was then split with the customers. Under Google Store's terms of service policy, commercial resell of Google devices is prohibited. "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." In response, Google shuttered all accounts involved in the scheme. Hundreds of users began complaining about not being able to access their email, photos, the app store, or anything else “linked to the [offending] online identity.” Today there has been at least one report and possibly more that particular Pixel phones are becoming blacklisted. Blacklisting occurs when a phone’s IMEI (International Mobile Equipment Identity) number is reported as stolen or lost. It essentially prevents the phone from being used except for 911 emergency calls. Kyle from HardOCP reported that this has happened to his Pixel XL. He said the blocking came out of nowhere with no warning. He contacted his carrier T-Mobile, but they informed him that there is nothing that they can do to reverse the blacklisting. Kyle had purchased the phone online through Swappa, which acts as a broker for buyers and sellers of used phones. Speaking with Swappa support, he discovered that he was not the only one experiencing the problem. “Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue.” Swappa suggested that he contact Google to see if they could get to the bottom of the problem. Google initially claimed that they were thoroughly aware of what was going on and that his phone was not actually blacklisted; that he was receiving a spam message. However, Kyle checked his IMEI, and the number was definitely coming back blacklisted. After confronting Google with his IMEI check, Google support finally told him, “The phone had not been reported stolen, but had been sold through the ‘Project Fi Team.’” Could this have been connected to the actions taken back in November? The support specialist informed him that she would be escalating the issue to Project Fi and that he would be hearing from them in about 24 hours. When asked for a support ticket, the representative would not provide him with one, only indicating he would receive one via email. Kyle is still waiting to hear from the Project Fi team. If you have had a similar experience or have more information regarding the whole Pixel/Project Fi situation, please share with us in the comments. Related Reads Google's upcoming phones reportedly called the Pixel and Pixel XL Google has no plans for a third Chromebook Pixel "Premium" Pixel successor confirmed for this year 10 comments 97 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Secure Your Android Phone and Get the Most Out of Smart Lock One of Android's Easter Eggs is a Flappy Bird-style Game Useful or Little Known Android Features Popular 10 comments Pixel phones from Project Fi are showing up blacklisted 9 comments Media player vulnerabilities allow hackers to take control of a device using subtitle files 16 comments Security flaw found in solid-state drive design How to Secure Your Android Phone and Get the Most Out of Smart Lock Load Comments 10 ... User Comments: 10 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 10 Pixel phones from Project Fi are showing up blacklisted 9 Game of Thrones season 7 trailer is here 100 How often do you replace your computer? 7 Cooler Master reveals 25th Anniversary Edition Cosmos II PC case 7 Intel is making Thunderbolt 3 royalty-free for chip makers and device manufacturers Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) Matthew Sholtz View All Posts 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 9 Plus 1 on G+ 48 Share on Facebook 41 Share on Twitter Total Shares98 Applications Best Apps/Games/LWPs Of The Week News Roundups Videos Article Contents 1 Featured App 1.1 Paralign - Aligning Thoughts 2 Apps 2.1 NBC - Watch TV Episodes Now 2.2 NOISE 2.3 Timbre: Cut, Join, Convert mp3 2.4 Journal it! - Cloud Diary 2.5 DirectChat (ChatHeads for All) 2.6 Bantr 3 Manufacturer And Tie-In Apps 3.1 HTC Edge Sense 3.2 Echo Look 3.3 Daydream Elements 3.4 Audio Factory 3.5 SlingStudio Capture 4 Live Wallpapers 4.1 Abstract HD Live Wallpaper 5 Know A Worthy New App? Let Us Know! Welcome to the roundup of the best new Android applications and live wallpapers that went live in the Play Store or were spotted by us in the previous week or so. Please wait for this page to load in full in order to see the widgets, which include ratings and pricing info. Looking for the previous roundup editions? Find them here. Featured App Paralign - Aligning Thoughts Today's roundup is presented by Paralign - Aligning Thoughts from Paralign.me. Finding like-minded individuals can often be a difficult task. This is especially true when you want to reach out, but are wary of the judgment of your peers. Luckily, there is Paralign, a new community-driven mood and thought tracker that connects you with compatible anonymous users. Through the Paralign app, you can open an avenue of therapeutic discussion where both parties can explore their similar mindsets in an intuitive and helpful manner. You can also explore various guided meditations and helpful quotes in order to change your mood into one that is more focused and empowered. Whether you are looking for help or are offering it, Paralign gives you a medium in which to explore your thoughts and feelings in a productive way. -- Paralign is an AI-driven thought and mood tracker. With every thought, it connects you to people who have been there in the past, letting you know you are not alone. It also creates a universe of mindfulness content, inspiring quotes, and guided meditation; all tailored to the thought. Join our supportive community and empower yourself to be genuine and authentic about what you’re thinking and how you’re feeling. Download QR-Code Paralign - Aligning Thoughts Developer: Paralign.me Price: Free+ Apps NBC - Watch TV Episodes Now Android Police coverage: NBC releases its app for Android TV NBC - Watch TV Episodes Now is a newly released Android TV application that allows you to watch select seasons and episodes from NBC's TV library. New shows are available for streaming the day after they air. Older seasons of shows are accessible on a show by show basis. This makes the app perfect for keeping up with new TV but pretty hit or miss when it comes to NBC's older catalog. NBC - Watch TV Episodes Now is available for free with advertisements, though you will need a TV provider username and password in order to access the app's content in a timely fashion. -- Brand new for Android TV. Get instant access to the latest episodes and highlights from your favorite NBC shows - anytime. Watch full episodes of NBC shows the day after they air and check out full seasons of select series, along with can't-miss specials and a full library of NBC classic hits. If you sign in with your TV provider username and password, you can access the latest episodes of ALL NBC shows the day after they air on TV. (If you don’t have a provider, you can still watch - most new episodes are unlocked 8 days after airing on TV.) Download QR-Code NBC - Watch TV Episodes Now Developer: NBCUniversal Media, LLC Price: Free NOISE Android Police coverage: The ROLI NOISE sound production app is now in early access for Android The ROLI NOISE sound production app has been around for almost a year on iOS. This week Android has received a port, but please keep in mind that it is still in beta. Device compatibility is currently its biggest limitation. NOISE only supports devices with pro audio built in (such as the Google Pixel/Pixel XL and Galaxy S8/S8+). You can pick this app up today at zero cost, and there are currently no in-app purchases or advertisements included. -- NOISE is a powerful modular music app that lets you make music in minutes, whether you’re a beginner or a pro musician. Using simple, easy-to-learn gestures, you can create beats, melodies and songs with a huge library of sounds. NOISE was developed by music technology pioneer ROLI, and the app’s expressive power can be expanded with ROLI BLOCKS, the modular music studio. Download QR-Code NOISE (Unreleased) Developer: ROLI Price: Free Timbre: Cut, Join, Convert mp3 Timbre: Cut, Join, Convert mp3 is a completely free and premium app for editing audio and video files. Unlike similar editing apps, Timbre is free without any advertisements or in-app purchases included with the download. That means you do not need to worry about annoying notifications or pop-ups while you are working on editing your content. Honestly, it does not get much better than this. If you are looking for a new editing application, Timbre: Cut, Join, Convert mp3 is the perfect choice for the job. -- Timbre is an app for editing audio and video files. It allows you to edit, cut, join and convert your media files. It is completely free and has no ads. The most popular feature of Timbre is the high quality mp3 cutter & mp4 cutter. But it does much more than simply cutting mp3 songs or cutting videos. Timbre allows you to pick an audio or video file from your device and gives you complete control over how you wish to edit it. Download QR-Code Timbre: Cut, Join, Convert mp3 Developer: Xeus Price: Free Journal it! - Cloud Diary Journal it! - Cloud Diary bills itself as the Superior diary/ journal experience. While many journaling apps exist on Android, it can be difficult to find one that is free and fully featured. Not only do you have cross device sync built in, but you can export and import your data, making it easy to retain your data, even if the service goes belly up. Journal it! - Cloud Diary is available for free, though it does contain advertisements. Currently, there are no in-app purchases, but that does mean you will be unable to remove those advertisements at this time. -- Journal is the best way to document our life, understand our past, present, and future. Journal it. makes journaling on mobile never easier by securing your data, keeping everything organized, and providing the easiest way to start a new entry. Create a journey to quickly update the step to step progress of your journey and easier to look back later Use activity for journaling on a specific topic (Gratitude journal, daily journal,... ) or logging the thing you do regularly Group entries by tags, categories, people, and places Search entries by content (title and text ) or by detail items (journeys, activities, tags,... ) Download QR-Code Journal it! - Cloud Diary Developer: de-studio Price: Free DirectChat (ChatHeads for All) DirectChat (ChatHeads for All) is an ingenious app that creates Facebook-like ChatHeads out of any contact or messenger on your device. The main use of this function is to organize your messengers in one place. This is perfect for those that have friends and family using multiple messaging apps. No longer will you need to jump from one app to another. You will finally have the ability to read and send your messages from within one app. DirectChat (ChatHeads for All) is free to download. While it does contain advertisements, there are no in-app purchases to worry about. -- DirectChat allows you to create ChatHeads for any app or messenger. It manages all your conversation in one place to help you to have a convenient conversation without interrupting your current task such that you can read and reply to all messages without ever coming online. It comes with 12 messengers support by default. It is also suitable if you want all your notifications to appear in ChatHeads. You can also customize the chat appearance to suit your needs with different colors and transparency. Download QR-Code DirectChat (ChatHeads for All) Developer: Unique Gem Visions Price: Free Bantr Bantr is an app that is looking to create a platform out of product reviews and the people who review them. You can search out particular products, or just peruse what is currently listed to see if anything is interesting. You can also film and upload your reviews of interesting products. Whether you are looking for reviews or want to produce them, Bantr provides a quick and easy way to do just that. You can pick up Bantr as a free download absent of in-app purchases, just keep in mind that it contains advertisements and is a beta product that may have some minor issues. -- Put the fun back into shopping. BANTR is a new video platform centered on entertaining and inspiring products and the zany personalities who review them. Become a Star. Record or livestream your unboxing, haul, and product review videos Discover unique and inspiring products that have been hand-selected from the best sources all over the world. See the products in action by a community of reviewers you can trust. Follow people and unique brands you love. Download QR-Code Bantr (Unreleased) Developer: AOL Inc. Price: Free Manufacturer And Tie-In Apps HTC Edge Sense Android Police coverage: 'HTC Edge Sense' appears on the Play Store, shows how the HTC U 11 will work HTC Edge Sense is an app created specifically for the upcoming HTC U11. You see, the HTC U11 has specialized hardware that can sense when you squeeze the device. It is through this squeezing action that the HTC Edge Sense app will be triggered. Apparently, it works by setting up what specific shortcuts you would like to launch upon squeezing your phone. From launching the camera app to activating your Google Assistant, HTC Edge Sense should have you covered. If you plan on picking up or already own an HTC U11, HTC Edge Sense can be installed for free and it contains zero advertisements and in-app purchases. -- Edge Sense is a fast, new way to intuitively interact with your smartphone to make your life easier. Squeeze your device to take photos or videos, launch Google Assistant, and a whole lot more. More customized options are available. Empower your life with Edge Sense. Launch camera app and take photos or videos Launch Google Assistant/Duer, and activate Voice-to-Text when keyboard is showing Take screenshots Launch any app you have installed Download QR-Code HTC Edge Sense Developer: HTC Corporation Price: Free Echo Look Android Police coverage: Amazon releases the Android companion app for its fashion-focused Echo Look The Echo Look is a new device launching in the Amazon family that is designed as a tool for fashionistas. The device will allow you to take portrait hands-free photos and videos. These pictures and videos can be viewed on your phone or tablet through the Echo Look app. This way you can easily view the clothes you are wearing from any angle in order to see if your outfit is to your liking. I can also this as a great tool for fashion advise bloggers who take numerous photos of outfits. Since Echo Look is a companion app, it is available for free without any advertisements or in-app purchases rearing their heads. -- Everything you love about Alexa, plus now she helps you look your best. The free Echo Look app is a companion to your Echo Look device. With the Echo Look device (sold separately), use just your voice to easily take full-length photos and short videos with a hands-free camera that includes built-in LED lighting, depth-sensing camera, and computer vision-based background blur. Now you can see yourself from every angle, build a personal lookbook, and share your photos. Download QR-Code Echo Look Developer: Amazon Mobile LLC Price: Free Daydream Elements Android Police coverage: Google releases Daydream Elements, a new demo app for best VR practices Developing apps and games for Android can often be a confusing struggle. While a lot of documentation exists, best practices can often be missed. Essentially you can't see the forest for the trees. This is why Google has released Daydream Elements, an app that literally shows you how to create immersive and interactive VR experiences. It does this by allowing you to view the whole tutorial in VR, thus better communicating exactly how certain VR principles should work. Daydream Elements is offered as a free app, and it does not contain any advertisements or in-app purchases. -- Learn about principles and best practices for developing high-quality virtual reality by experiencing them for yourself in VR. Creating immersive and interactive VR experiences introduces a new set of physiological, ergonomic, and technical challenges. How do you move comfortably in VR? How do you get the most performance out of mobile hardware? Elements is a collection of tested solutions that you can try, configure, and use in your own VR apps and games. Download QR-Code Daydream Elements Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Audio Factory Android Police coverage: Google releases new Daydream sensory demo, Audio Factory Audio Factory is another Daydream app from Google. This time it is not a tutorial like Daydream Elements but a demo of what Daydream's spatial audio engine is capable of. It would appear the way the sound design is presented is pretty neat. You work your way through a building, floor by floor, to experience all of the different sound setups Google wants to show off. If you have a Daydream compatible device, you can download Audio Factory completely free of charge without the headache of any advertisements or in-app purchases. -- Daydream Audio Factory is a Virtual Reality experience that showcases the impact of the Google VR spatial audio engine. Work your way through each factory floor to experience evocative sound design, compelling visuals and fun interactive tasks. Download QR-Code Audio Factory Developer: Marketing @ Google Price: Free SlingStudio Capture SlingStudio Capture is a new companion app for the Slingbox's portable multi-camera video production hardware system titled SlingStudio. This companion app will allow you to connect to the SlingStudio hardware in order to use your device as an extra camera. You can utilize the front or rear camera as well as their zoom, flash, and focus controls. SlingStudio Capture is a free app on the Play Store that contains no advertisements or in-app purchases. -- WHEN ONE CAMERA ANGLE ISN’T ENOUGH, SLINGSTUDIO CAN DELIVER MULTI-CAMERA MAGIC IN MINUTES for all kinds of video applications – sports, schools, houses of worship, distance learning, corporate events, weddings, video blogging, broadcast TV, etc. There are all kinds of possibilities. What will you discover? The SlingStudio Capture app allows you to use your Android phone as a wireless camera for your SlingStudio production. Download QR-Code SlingStudio Capture Developer: Sling Media L.L.C. Price: Free Live Wallpapers Abstract HD Live Wallpaper It has been quite a while since a live wallpaper has been featured in a roundup. That all changes today with the presence of Abstract HD Live Wallpaper. This is a pretty minimal looking wallpaper that contains a few different blue hues in its abstract design. Setting the wallpaper was easy enough, though there are multiple advertisements that you will need to wade through in order to get to the "set wallpaper" screen. But once it is set, you are done. Abstract HD Live Wallpaper is a free app, though the ads are annoying. Luckily there are no in-app purchases, so what you see is what you get. -- Abstract HD Live Wallpaper is a free wallpaper. You can install this awesome live wallpaper on your Android device. Personalize your smartphone with beautiful Abstract HD Live Wallpaper. Start the app Press SET WALLPAPER It is that easy.   Download QR-Code Abstract HD Live Wallpaper Developer: WolfSoft Apps Price: Free Know A Worthy New App? Let Us Know! If you have an application in mind for the next issue of the roundup, feel free to send us an email and let us know. Important: there are 2 requirements in order for the app to be considered, listed below. the app's launch date has to be no longer than 2 weeks ago it has to be original, ground-breaking, well-reviewed, interesting, fun, etc - the cream of the crop Now, if and only if the above requirements have been satisfied, fire up an email to this address: [email protected] . 1 sponsored placement per week is available (your app would be featured at the top and marked as sponsored) - please contact us for details. Tags Android Applications apps best Games live wallpapers LWPs new recommended tablet top video worthy subscribe ... Previous Story AT&T's LG Phoenix 2 has received Android 7.0 Nougat ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Samsung now offering a Galaxy S8 BOGO deal on T-Mobile better than T-Mobile's own deal Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Diggle The website linked to the Timbre app on playstore is about hacking.. only.. That's unsettling Matt S. Xeus is the name of the publisher along with the name of the website. Looking at their other apps, it does appear as though they have a hacking tutorial app along with a few others that are not related to hacking. xeus_hack Developer here (Xeus). That is correct, Matt! The play store automatically adds the developer's website and in case of Timbre it added my personal cyber security blog. I've since removed it. Unfortunately, even though the website is entirely about ethical hacking and privacy, it seems like I've scared off a few users :( Matt S. Thanks for coming in and explaining the situation. I wouldn't worry too much about scaring off users. Nothing seemed nefarious about the site, but with the link gone all should be good. xeus_hack Indeed, but I'd still prefer if there were absolutely no doubts at all :) I went ahead and edited the play store description explaining the permissions needed. xeus_hack Hey there! I'm the developer. I just made an account here specifically to reply to this. I am a security professional by day, android developer by hobby. The website you mention is my private blog the purpose of which is to teach users about ethical hacking, privacy and cyber security so of course there are going to be ethical hacking tutorials in it, that's the whole point. If you'd like, please check it out yourself: XeusHack.com. For the record, the website was linked under Timbre by accident. I just removed it. I hope I did not come across as too combative. I'd be more than happy to address any further concerns you may have. If you are still using Timbre, please feel free to let me know if there's anything you feel that the app is missing :) Aliana Jarauo Are you seriously that stupid? Good. One less idiot I'm using Xeus products with. ellett Isn't there already something like Paralign? It's called Fox News. I'd rather have an app that finds people who think differently, so we could have challenging discussions and maybe learn from each other. We definitely don't need any more apps or sites that encourage us to isolate ourselves with others who think just like we do. Branko It's also called NYT, CNN, WSJ etc. The shit goes both ways. PrinterElf Isn't DirectChat (ChatHeads for All) just a rip of FlyChats? http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/10/12/flychat-adds-chat-head-like-bubbles-hangouts-telegram-whatsapp/ Jacquilinefpaniagua Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sc164c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sc164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketStockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sc164c:....,....... Matt S. Looks pretty similar, yeah. Shannon Butler Home-based mum Kelly Richards from New York after quitting from her full time duty managed to earn from 26000 dollars-28000 dollars monthly from freelancing in home... This is just one way she implemented it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now xeus_hack Hey guys, developer of Timbre here! I am honored that Android Police featured Timbre! I'd be more than happy to answer any questions. If anyone has some suggestions or feature requests, please feel free to tell me. Artem Russakovskii Nice-looking app you got there! Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 35 1 Year Ago Today Google Is Preparing To Add The Raspberry Pi 3 To AOSP, It Will Apparently Become An Officially Supported Device 2016/05/24 2:21pm PDTMay 24, 2016 264 2 Years Ago Today An Exclusive Early Look At The New Google Photos App 2015/05/24 10:36am PDTMay 24, 2015 18 3 Years Ago Today ZeroLemon's 9500mAh Extended Battery For The LG G Pro 2 Is Now On Sale For $50 2014/05/24 4:39pm PDTMay 24, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Sci-Fighters, Judge Dredd: Countdown Sec 106, Race Illegal, Mensa Academy, And RE-VOLT Free 2013/05/24 7:11pm PDTMay 24, 2013 41 5 Years Ago Today Better Than Magic - Stick Your Phone To A Wall, Treadmill, Or... Ceiling With PU Pads From The Makers Of Capta 2012/05/24 5:09pm PDTMay 24, 2012 22 6 Years Ago Today HTC "Reviewing" Its Bootloader Policy - We'll Believe It When We See It 2011/05/24 5:16pm PDTMay 24, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today That Was Quick: EVO 4G’s Already Been Rooted 2010/05/24 4:09pm PDTMay 24, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 9 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 191 queries | 0.634s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google App 6.7.13 beta readies Lite Mode for data-constrained regions [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2016/10/18 3:16pm PDTOct 18, 2016 18 Plus 1 on G+ 35 Share on Facebook 63 Share on Twitter Total Shares116 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Google hasn't been shy about ingratiating itself and its services with the people of India and similarly data-constrained markets – and it should take a bow because some competitors certainly aren't trying very hard to keep up. Last month Google announced a number of initiatives for the Indian market designed to cut down on unnecessary data costs. Among the announcements was a change to the News & Weather app adding a so-called "Lite Mode" that intelligently reduces the amount of text and images that ultimately reaches a phone. Now it looks like the Google app itself will be sporting the same options. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Note: it's worth mentioning that Lite Mode may already be live for users in some areas, but we have no good way to test this. If it is, consider this an early announcement. :p Lite Mode Image of Lite Mode taken from News & Weather announcement. Judging by text in the app, Lite Mode in the Google app will very closely resemble its variant in the News & Weather app. Users have the choice between turning it on or off completely, or it can be set to automatically decide when to kick in. The selector will be in the main list of settings for eligible users. code <string name="lite_mode">Lite mode</string> <string name="liteswitch_lite_mode_promo">Lite Mode available</string> <string name="liteswitch_settings">Settings</string> <string name="liteswitch_settings_data_savings">Lite mode simplifies pages so they use less data and load faster</string> <string name="liteswitch_settings_lite_mode_always_on">Always use Lite mode to save data</string> <string name="liteswitch_settings_lite_mode_always_on_title">On</string> <string name="liteswitch_settings_lite_mode_auto">Use Lite mode only when a slow connection is detected</string> <string name="liteswitch_settings_lite_mode_auto_title">Automatic</string> <string name="liteswitch_settings_lite_mode_never">Don't use Lite mode</string> <string name="liteswitch_settings_lite_mode_never_title">Off</string> <string name="liteswitch_top_bar_go_back_to_lite">Return to lite mode</string> <string name="liteswitch_top_bar_lite_mode_tap_for_standard">%1$s · %2$s</string> <string name="liteswitch_top_bar_tap_for_standard">Tap for standard</string> <string name="liteswitch_using_lite_mode">Using Lite Mode</string> This isn't a particularly surprising move given the recent announcements, but the impact will be significant. The Google app is home to many of the features that serve fairly strategic purposes, particularly Google Now (or whatever we'll be calling it). Cards filled with news and special information provided by installed apps are quietly loaded in the background. Lite Mode may also affect search results and various other things through the interface. These individual things account for very little data, but they can build up quickly, especially for very active users. As far as other changes coming with the Google app, the latest update mostly focused on Google assistant interfaces for adding/configuring rooms in a house and setting up the ability to make purchases – things that have been discussed in previous teardowns or Google's own announcements, but weren't fully completed in the public versions of the Google app. As always, there are probably some other little gems hidden in this version, so keep an eye out for other changes. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 6.7.13 beta APK Mirror Download QR-Code Google Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app download downloads Google google app Lite mode teardown subscribe ... Previous Story Live Cases for the Pixel can now be ordered in the Google Store ... Next Story LG announces the isai Beat, a smaller V20 with water resistance, for Japan Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments ………………………. It also returned the screenshot sharing function. Not sure if it was there before. m-p{3} Hopefully they'll add Canada to those data-constrained regions. Our data plans really sucks. Thomas Johnson Just a heads up: my Google app auto-updated and now the Assistant Enabler mod for Xposed no longer works. Renan which was kinda expected, right? I bet that the dev will work something out. Maxr1998 Right, as the module names changed because of obfuscation. MJ That was pretty much a given now wasn't it? Maxr1998 Fixed in the Nify module, but the other dev also updated support. Just_Some_Nobody Seriously now? Santos Chavez I hope it isn't limited by region, but rather it's a setting that anyone anywhere can turn on. I can see it being useful for us Project Fi users here in the US, for example, to keep data costs low. MJ That's what I was thinking... Why can't lite mode be available for anyone that wants it? Saving data is always good. Corbin Davenport Exactly, I wish it was a toggle on Chrome for Android. steelew Toggle data saver in chrome for android thespacecowboy Is there a battery lite mode as well.... Ailín Ó’S I know India is a developing country but this feature would be useful for everyone imo to help keep costs down. RNTMPX Right! As for now, the Google world consists from two countries: USA and India. Same approach for Facebook, too. 4ui812 Apps are like the cell phones and headphones of yesteryear.... Cell phones started out big. Then got smaller and smaller. Now we are back to big. Headphones started out big. Then gradually got smaller and smaller. Now they are back to big again. Apps started out small and then grew bigger and bigger. Now we are slowly working back to small. I suppose technology is a cyclical cinlidrical beast. Just_Some_Nobody Ok, FB and Google are starting to irritate me. I _get_ that there are places that are extremely data constrained, but even large markets like the U.S. are data constrained. We have precious few bits allocated to us each month and at ridiculous prices. Why not introduce this to EVERYONE. Kavan Trivedi Maybe it's rolling out now. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d7d1d84d25a9dc81fe011e25ec29e07c12e9552d78b784737b646ee0ce8ceb6b.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2cbc3483bfff3f0b8df39a689160acb064bc76dd5729ef2c9baa901b6ec89277.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4734d54e876d83f23ac1f9e57d271a23a4c548adf5aa9459e0d0c87998549382.jpg Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 18 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 35 1 Year Ago Today Google Is Preparing To Add The Raspberry Pi 3 To AOSP, It Will Apparently Become An Officially Supported Device 2016/05/24 2:21pm PDTMay 24, 2016 264 2 Years Ago Today An Exclusive Early Look At The New Google Photos App 2015/05/24 10:36am PDTMay 24, 2015 18 3 Years Ago Today ZeroLemon's 9500mAh Extended Battery For The LG G Pro 2 Is Now On Sale For $50 2014/05/24 4:39pm PDTMay 24, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Sci-Fighters, Judge Dredd: Countdown Sec 106, Race Illegal, Mensa Academy, And RE-VOLT Free 2013/05/24 7:11pm PDTMay 24, 2013 41 5 Years Ago Today Better Than Magic - Stick Your Phone To A Wall, Treadmill, Or... Ceiling With PU Pads From The Makers Of Capta 2012/05/24 5:09pm PDTMay 24, 2012 22 6 Years Ago Today HTC "Reviewing" Its Bootloader Policy - We'll Believe It When We See It 2011/05/24 5:16pm PDTMay 24, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today That Was Quick: EVO 4G’s Already Been Rooted 2010/05/24 4:09pm PDTMay 24, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.632s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Now Google plans to spy on shop purchases by customers with loyalty cards in the 'holy grail' for advertisers Google will work out when users click on online adverts make offline purchase The new technology has been described as the ‘holy grail’ for advertisers  Scheme launched in the US, where Google will access credit and debit card data By Mail Foreign Service Published: 21:28 EDT, 24 May 2017 | Updated: 22:31 EDT, 24 May 2017 e-mail 6 shares 11 View comments People with shop loyalty cards will soon have their purchases tracked by Google whenever they buy goods in bricks-and-mortar shops. In a move that will alarm privacy campaigners, the technology giant will use the information to work out when users who click on online adverts make an offline purchase as a result. The technology has been described as the ‘holy grail’ for advertisers because companies will finally know exactly how effective their online adverts are. The scheme is being launched in the US, where Google will be able to access people’s credit and debit card data to provide even more detailed information about their spending. People with shop loyalty cards will soon have their purchases tracked by Google whenever they buy goods in bricks-and-mortar shops The company will not have quite that level of access in the UK, where privacy laws are much stricter. But it will be able to track purchases via the loyalty cards of any store that signs up for the scheme. It raises grave questions over privacy yet again with Google, which has in the past shown a worrying disregard to users’ personal information. Renate Samson of Big Brother Watch said: ‘The one thing people regularly state as ‘creepy’ online is when an advert follows them around the internet. These plans appear to extend ‘creepy’ into the physical world. ‘If people want to avoid having their shopping habits monitored on the high street by Google, by shops or by banks they should restrict the amount of data they hand over. ‘Companies track and monitor in order to advertise to us. If we don’t want them to do that, take control; don’t give your email address for a digital receipt, check the terms and conditions, avoid using loyalty cards and where possible choose to pay with cash’. Google made £60 billion in revenue last year, a quarter of which was from advertising and the company rakes in 40 per cent of the entire online advertising market. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Potholes? They're sending us quackers! Village councillors... Judge throws father-of-four, 35, into the cells for being... Former health secretary Lansley's secret diary WILL be... Even as a child Trump was a horror: Throwing stones at a... Share this article Share Yesterday Google championed the technology at Google Marketing Next, its annual event where it reveals new advertising technologies. It said that currently advertisers know how many times a person clicks on an advert and if they buy something online but they do not know if that same person buys something at a real store. The new system, called Google Attribution, solves this problem for the first time. Google currently builds profiles of users based on every time they use a Google product, such as a search on Google.co.uk or a video they watch on YouTube. Google uses this to target adverts based on what people look at. The company will now match the profiles up with credit and debit card information given to them by third party companies. This will allow Google to show clearly if somebody buys something in real life after seeing an advert for it online.  Google says that it will not be able to identify who each person is as their Google profile is anonymous. The spending data from the third party companies is anonymous and encrypted. Google will also not tell advertisers who the individual consumers are. Jerry Dischler, vice president of product management for AdWords, Google’s online advertising service, described it as ‘double-blind matching’. He said that ‘neither gets to the see the encrypted data that the other side brings’. In a move that will alarm privacy campaigners, the technology giant will use the information to work out when users who click on online adverts make an offline purchase as a result In the US Google says that it will have access to 70 per cent of all credit and debit card transaction. The company was not able to provide information on how much store card data it would have in the UK. Privacy advocates were alarmed and Paul Stephens, of Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, a consumer advocacy group based in San Diego, said that the system could be vulnerable to hackers. He said: ‘What we have learned is that it’s extremely difficult to anonymize data. If you care about your privacy, you definitely need to be concerned’. Yet Google has a chequered record on privacy on projects including its Street View cars which siphoned off private wi-fi data, leading to fines from regulators in the US and Europe. Google was recently criticised after its DeepMind division was given access NHS patient records without their full consent. A Google spokesman said that it would only use store loyalty cards if consumers had given permission for their data to be shared, which would likely be in the terms and conditions. He said: ‘While we developed the concept for this product years ago, it required years of effort to develop a solution that could meet our stringent user privacy requirements. ‘To accomplish this, we developed a new, custom encryption technology that ensures users’ data remains private, secure, and anonymous’.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 6 shares Most watched News videos Homeless man describes how he helped after Manchester attack EXCLUSIVE: Ariana Grande's plane arrives back in the US Pope Francis blesses FLOTUS Melania Trump's rosary beads Eye witness describes spotting the Manchester attacker Moment 'nail bomb' explodes at Ariana Grande concert Man is arrested by police outside Buckingham Palace Huge tailbacks on M6 as police after crash between lorry and car Forensic officers raid 'home of Manchester suicide bomber' Blood seen dripping from victim's leg after Manchester 'explosion' Martyn Hett appears in series one of Couples Come Dine with me Sickening 'ISIS' video warns of more attacks after Manchester Man arrested in Wigan in connection with Manchester attack Was bomber's family in global terror network? Killer... ‘Our little princess has been so lucky’: Father’s joy as... Melania says she'll pray every day for hospitalized... Mother of child actress pictured hugging a female police... Grisly photos of scorched remnants of suicide bomber's... Heartwrenching scenes as the mother of 15-year-old... Britain on lockdown: Army deploys 1,000 heavily armed... Tragic moment a crying 17-month-old toddler is found... Horror on the M6: Lorry driver is arrested after four... White women's burrito shop is forced to close after... Tourists watch in horror as armed police arrest man... Comedian Jason Manford deletes Twitter after being... BREAKING NEWS: My son is innocent, insists father of... The jihadi clan: Is Manchester bomber's family part of... 'I won't forget what you said!' Trump tells Pope after... Melania and Ivanka wear black veils to meet the Pope at... Roman holiday! Ivanka and Jared smile and wave at the... Armed police arrest Manchester bomb suspect 'with... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 11 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read NASA brings forward mission to explore a $10,000 quadrillion metal asteroid that could cause the world's... Will an asteroid collide with Earth this year? Nasa reveals the FIVE space rocks that will come 'close' to... Our first glimpse of the iPhone 8's final design? Video of a dummy handset reveals what the device could... Time travel MIGHT be possible through black holes and 'a cunning plan', experts claim  The X-37b's big brother gets the go ahead: Boeing to build XS-1 'Phantom Express' hypersonic space plane... Which natural disaster is most likely to kill you? Study says one in three are now at risk of earthquakes... Comedy for breakfast, thrillers at dinner and documentaries for a late night snack: Netflix reveals what... The end of trips to the optician? Warby Parker reveals app that can check your eyes at home Your Facebook obsession may be giving your kids behavioral problems The science of day drinking: Experts reveal why alcohol can affect us differently during daytime Never forget the milk again! Bosch launches gadget allowing shoppers to see what's in the fridge on mobile... The robo-advisors taking over Wall Street: AI's are now managing portfolios worth 'tens of millions' for... Microsoft reveals 'Netflix for games' $9.99 per month subscription service NASA tests its 'megarocket' engine that will blast man to Mars What are those strange orbs? 'Supernatural' lights and ghostly figure caught on camera in a 'haunted house' MORE HEADLINES Scientists find an EXTRA layer of plate tectonics within Earth's mantle that could be causing strange tremors across the Pacific Injections of the 'love hormone' could help spread kindness between strangers  Why are Donald Trump's 'linguistically challenged' speeches getting WORSE? Experts say cognitive decline that comes with age or neurodegenerative disease could be to blame NASA brings forward mission to explore a $10,000 quadrillion metal asteroid that could cause the world's economy to COLLAPSE Will an asteroid collide with Earth this year? Nasa reveals the FIVE space rocks that will come 'close' to our planet The science of fidgeting: How moving restlessly helps us manage our weight and relieve stress Kodi users beware: Bizarre new cyber-attack lets hackers gain control of your TV through SUBTITLES Our first glimpse of the iPhone 8's final design? Video of a dummy handset reveals what the device could look like  DJI unveils tiny $499 'spark drone' that can be controlled with a wave of the hand and even follow its owner to take selfies The incredible rise of Bitcoin: Digital currency soars above $2,400 for first time (and if you'd bought $100 of it in 2010 it would now be worth over $73 MILLION) The X-37b's big brother gets the go ahead: Boeing to build XS-1 'Phantom Express' hypersonic space plane that will allow short notice military satellite launches Which natural disaster is most likely to kill you? Study says one in three are now at risk of earthquakes and global risk has DOUBLED The wait is FINALLY over! Nokia's £50 retro 3310 phone is available in the UK today, but does it live up to the hype? Ouch! Seed beetles have evolved vicious spike-studded penises that are driving a rapid 'sexual arms race' Google's new Families feature lets you easily share photos, calendar dates and reminders with your loved ones MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today She scrubs up well! Bella Thorne dons silver gown and tiara in Cannes as she takes a break from canoodling with Scott Disick Left villa they're sharing Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her toned abs and ample cleavage in a bralet as she joins scantily-clad sister Kendall Jenner for night out in Cannes Busty Kylie Jenner flashes cleavage in plunging white mesh top as she puckers up for selfies She is never shy to expose her assets A Zippy Bungle! Sex addict Scott Disick's fly is down as he steps out to party in Cannes after a raunchy day with Bella Thorne Ivanka and Jared's Roman date night: Couple slips away for pizza, pasta and red wine at restaurant where the First Daughter makes a portrait blunder Sexy señorita! Britney Spears stuns in flamenco style mini dress in series of Instagram snaps She continues to show off her fantastic figure Bountiful and booty-ful: Ariel Winter exposes her derriere in a revealing bikini snap while kissing beau She's never one to cover up her curvy figure 'They hate everything that we love': Bono expresses outrage over Manchester bombing...and voices sadness over Trump's followers Sisters-in-law Cameron Diaz and Nicole Richie catch up over pamper session at nail salon in Beverly Hills Stars took the afternoon off for a manicure No time to spare! Topless Bethenny Frankel flashes her ample bosom as she gets completely naked while changing in the car She's a real knockout! Busty Baywatch babe Charlotte McKinney leaves the gym after a boxing session The film hits theaters this week  How Real Housewives live! Lisa Rinna steps out for coffee in fur-trimmed designer slip-ons in Beverly Hills She paired the pricey shoes with jeans  Massive orgy scene filmed for HBO drama series The Leftovers sees 200 naked actors spend a week on an Australian ferry Raunchy footage  Her favourite sparring partner! Cindy Crawford and husband Randy Gerber are a matching pair in leather at charity boxing event Sparkle and shine! Linda Cardellini rocks the red carpet in glittery and backless LBD as she supports thriller series Bloodline Frill seeker! Sofia Vergara wears flirty top and boyfriend jeans as she enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Showed off her style during retail therapy  Top of the crops! Vanessa Hudgens shows off toned tummy during casual outing in Los Angeles Returned from hosting the Billbord Awards  'Let's stand up for Manchester': Celine Dion leads tribute to terror victims during show in Las Vegas Iconic songstress didn't shy away from tragedy   Plug pulled! Jaden Smith's Netflix series The Get Down canceled after just one season Show set in The Bronx was one of their most costly projects Teamwork! Ashley Graham flashes major cleavage as she gets in sweaty workout at the gym with husband Justin Ervin Was working hard  Mandy Moore dons b&w pencil dress for College TV Awards... after guest star gig on Drunk History This Is Us star turned heads on the red carpet Hollywood royalty! The Crown star Claire Foy is radiant in stripes as she joins co-star Matt Smith at Netflix event in LA Hopes to persuade Emmy voters  Ooh la la! Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx board private jet together during romantic trip to Paris... as actor continues to deny romance May the breast woman win! BFFs Blac Chyna and Amber Rose bare their busts in strapless bras for second day in a row on social media Flaunted their assets  For the frill of it! Mischa Barton wears 70s style sheer orange embroidered gown as she steps out at L'Oreal bash in Cannes Effortlessly chic In-vest-ing in herself! Fitness fanatic Lucy Hale dons sleeveless top and leggings for gym session in LA It is not easy being a young Hollywood starlet 'Any one else not having the time of their life?' Dirty Dancing remake of 1987 movie gets trouncing on Twitter The reviews aren't goof  Best friends! Katharine McPhee takes pooches on walk as she flashes svelte legs during break from filming The Lost Wife of Robert Durst Looked relaxed off set  Hello sunshine! Rosario Dawson stuns in yellow dress as she works red carpet for charity event... weeks after finding her cousin dead in her home Kim Kardashian's Beverly Hills starter home, where ex-husband Kris Humphries proposed, hits the market for $5.5m Sharing the love! Nicole Kidman gets overly affectionate with co-stars Kirsten Dunst and Elle Fanning on Cannes red carpet  Renowned for her PDAs Somewhere to spend the Weeknd? Selena Gomez buys a three-bedroom, 3,188sqft house in Los Angeles for a 'bargain' $2.25m Close to her beau's pad 'We've never been more relevant': Kevin Spacey compares House Of Cards to Trump's presidency but says they have 'better writers' The ICE-cream of the crop: Kourtney Kardashian risks a nip-slip in VERY daring crossover top as sister Kendall Jenner goes braless in Cannes What cat fight? Carefree Katy Perry brings out her wild side in leopard print top for London night out... after claiming she 'has no beef' with Taylor Swift  Ciao Bella! Hadid turns heads in pin-flaunting pink satin lace-up gown as she debuts fringe at luxury perfume launch in Italy Stunning in silver  'I'm sorry you were alone... I will fight for you': Chris Cornell's wife Vicky pens emotional letter to him a week after he took his own life 'I've never heard or seen him that way before': Chris Cornell's sound engineer of more than a decade says the rocker was 'high and f***ed up' before suicide 'I spent five minutes looking for them!' Olivia Newton-John's ditzy daughter Chloe Lattanzi loses her glasses... only to find them in her own HAIR 'He opened my eyes to how women should be treated': Shanina Shaik gushes over fiancé DJ Ruckus and reveals wedding plans 'are set in stone' Gillian Jacobs shows off her porcelain skin in stylish LBD for screening of comedy Dean Stunned in a peephole black dress 'Winter is coming': Billie Lourd takes to Instagram to tease upcoming role in FX anthology American Horror Story 'The man of my dreams!' Bachelor alum Britt Nilsson announces engagement to beau Jeremy Bryne She starred on Chris Soules' season  Just the two of us! Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds hold hands on romantic stroll without their children  Enjoying quality time together in NYC   Zoe Saldana dons trendy cold-shoulder dress at Avatar opening in Disney's Animal Kingdom Film was released eight years ago  Shirtless Scott Disick, 33, can't keep his hands off bikini-clad Bella Thorne, 19, in Cannes... as his ex Kourtney  romps with her boytoy lover across town Still in great shape! Kelsey Grammer, 62, shows off toned chest as he splashes around with wife, 37, and son, two, in Miami pool Also had a huge smile She's abs-olutely ripped! Australian model Elyse Taylor looks fit and fabulous as she flaunts her EXTREMELY toned tummy in a sizzling bikini photo shoot Day I cuddled up to 007 under the duvet: GLENYS ROBERTS's magical memories of her friend Roger Moore  'if you ever needed a friend he was there' Babe-watch! Australian Reality star Zilda Williams shows off her DDs and surgery scar in high-cut red swimsuit Dared to bare on the scorching beach  Poppin' bottles! Khloe Kardashian carries champagne off private jet as she lands in LA after watching beau Tristan's team head toward finals Out on the town! Chloe Grace Moretz enjoys evening at iconic joint Hamburger Mary's in West Hollywood with her pals Looked relaxed   Golden girl: Cannes juror Jessica Chastain shows off her tiny waist in a metallic midi dress at glamorous star-studded Chanel party 'The great war is here': Sensational new trailer for Game Of Thrones season seven sees Daenerys unleash her dragons on Westeros  New 90-second teaser  Enjoying the view! Gerard Butler checks out a pretty blonde after his ex Morgan Brown steps out with newly-single Liev Schreiber Moving on? No pants? No problem! Jennifer Hudson appears to wear just a shirt as she shops for bling at Neil Lane Showed off her bare legs on the trip to the store  Back to her maiden name: Lara Bingle drops husband Sam Worthington's last name during family outing at Disney World Out of this world! James Cameron, Sam Worthington, Sigourney Weaver and Zoe Saldana step out for opening of majestic Avatar land at Disney 'You can't blend in when you were born to stand out': Julia Roberts and Owen Wilson star in heartwarming Wonder trailer with Room actor Jacob Tremblay Rebel Wilson claims she was dumped from Jack Black's Kung Fu Panda 3 after Woman's Day's 'malicious' articles and shares childhood photos at trial 'She's ready to see her babies!': Tina Knowles dishes on pregnant Beyonce and her star-studded baby shower The show must go on: Katy Perry and Celine Dion are among the stars who say they will KEEP their UK tour dates despite the Manchester terror attack Kourtney Kardashian, 38, shows off her figure in a black swimsuit as she canoodles with new boyfriend Younes Bendjima, 24, and takes ride a jet ski in Cannes Baby love! Teresa Palmer showers her five-month-old Forest Sage in kisses and dotes over son Bodhi Rain, three, during sweet outing in LA Stranger Things' kids take over Lip Sync Battle... as co-host Chrissy Teigen dresses like Barb Youngsters faced off for the Spike competition  Barry White's son Darryl 'suing singer's widow for a bigger chunk of late father's estate' Says he was never shown is father's will  Hilaria Baldwin shows off hint of abs in edgy rocker shirt as she steps out with husband Alec Shows hard work on the yoga mat pays off  Looks like the law won... again! Abby Lee Miller lands herself a parking fine as she spends her days in LA ahead of prison sentence Stalker who broke into Sandra Bullock's home is to be released on probation after making plea deal Joshua James Corbett was being held in jail  REVEALED: Clerks actress Lisa Spoonauer died at age 44 after suffering from a degenerative disease  Family said she had a 'chronic illness' Heavenly Bella Hadid recreates Farrah Fawcett's iconic Charlie's Angels image as she cruises around on a skateboard Rocked a retro outfit  Flight of the Fenix! Red-haired Fergie looks sensational as she films new music video in Downtown LA The 42-year-old looked sensational  New mum Irina Shayk bares her toned midriff in a sheer gown as she joins Doutzen Kroes and Lara Stone at Cannes L'Oreal party... two months after giving birth It's a girl! Survivor villain Jonny Fairplay announces birth of second child Welcomed a daughter with his wife Caryn on May 20  Priyanka Chopra stuns in flirty dress as she stops by Extra studio in Hollywood to promote upcoming comedy Baywatch Showed sartorial style  Rosario Dawson discusses late cousin Vaneza Ines Vazquez...weeks after actress 'found her unresponsive' Tragic circumstances 'Blah blah blah': Justin Bieber forgets the lyrics to Spanish hit Despacito - which he features in - during surprise performance Shocking blunder  Busty Rita Ora shows off eye-popping cleavage in deeply plunging gown paired with dripping diamonds as she belts out hits at Cannes bash  Nicki Minaj tries to go incognito as she jets into Cannes by shielding her face with her ankle-length locks... after vowing to perform for Manchester fans in 2018 'I'm not in control of what I look like': Modern Family's Sarah Hyland reveals health issues as she responds to body shamers on social media 'Stop flexing Chris, it's gross!' Elsa Pataky teases husband Chris Hemsworth for casually showing off his massive guns in a tight shirt 'I'm ready, Tom': Val Kilmer reveals he wants to reprise Iceman role following cancer battle after Cruise confirms Top Gun 2 Actor says he still has it Bold Izabel Goulart steals the show as she appears to go NAKED under totally sheer dazzling gown during The Beguiled Cannes premiere  Harlow can you go? Winnie flashes her underwear in daring cream co-ord following a series of outfit changes at L'Oreal bash ar Cannes Film Festival Paris Hilton packs on the PDA with beau Chris Zylka as she flaunts her cleavage in plunging gown at L'Oreal party The reality star put on an eye-popping display  Fresh-faced Barbara Palvin flaunts her leggy figure in THREE thigh-skimming dresses and towering heels as she steps out for a busy day in Cannes  Hailey Baldwin flashes some serious leg and a cheeky hint of her bodysuit in thigh-split gown at the premiere of The Beguiled in Cannes Wore a strapless gown  Eva Longoria grapples with her ample assets in daring cut out gown as she comes daringly close to a wardrobe malfunction at Philipp Plein's Cannes bash She makes it Work! Rihanna wears a rare dressed-down look in jeans and T-shirt as she heads to the studio  Donned a casual attire in New York Father of three girls tells Ariana Grande to 'take care' of herself in touching open letter - and says she shouldn't apologise for Manchester attack  'Always tuck the thumb': Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson hilariously recreates THAT iconic Nineties fanny pack snap Fashion fail flashback  Amber Portwood's fiance Matt Baier accused by cancer survivor of 'cheating with her in Vegas'... as it's alleged Teen Mom 'may film porno' Right on the Monae! Janelle rocks black and white sweater dress while showcasing her svelte gams in tight leggings Stunning outfit  FIRST LOOK: Perrie Edwards wears chainmail bra top to writhe around in a car while Leigh-Anne Pinnock wears sexy boots for Little Mix video She's got range! From pulling off a pink wig to looking glam in bangs, beauty chameleon Salma Hayek is the real winner of the Cannes Film Festival White now! As Memorial Day approaches, FEMAIL rounds up celebrity-inspired outfit ideas to wear this weekend - whatever your plans Braids for days! Creative plaits on stars like Gwen Stefani and Elle Fanning provide hair ideas for whatever plans your Memorial Day Weekend brings They got the memo! Busty Kirsten Dunst and co-star Elle Fanning wear complementing lilac prom queen gowns for Cannes premiere of The Beguiled Just like Aunt Julia! Emma Roberts wears Mystic Pizza T-shirt in nod to 1988 movie as she films with its director Donald Petrie in Toronto Ones to watch! The stylists behind Delilah and Amelia Hamlin's killer outfits reveal the items YOU need to steal the sibling duo's modern look 'She's a moron and a liar!': Bethenny Frankel's mother slams the star even though she's built a $100m Skinnygirl empire and was a hit on RHONY Ivanka and Jared arrive at the Pantheon in front of a crowd of hundreds held back by police, after staying in Italy while Trump and Melania finish their tour Revealed: What Melania Trump's handwriting reveals about her personality, according to an expert Master graphologist breaks it all down  'The Carmichael Show' plans 'shocking' episode that will controversially address both black literacy and the N word Back on air on NBC on  May 31  'He has brought so much joy!' Former beauty queen Katherine Webb shares throwback photo of herself with baby boy Tripp in honor of his first birthday Irina Shayk displays her post-baby figure in sizzling sheer gown and waist-cinching belt at The Beguiled premiere in Cannes... just TWO months after giving birth 'It's our own cooking show!': Comedian Jim Gaffigan demonstrates how he feeds his wife through feeding tube after she had brain tumor surgery Ariana Grande suspends rest of tour after Manchester attack - as Live Nation says they'll refund tickets for those too scared to attend shows in England Liam Gallagher says he's ready to move on from his divorce and 'the last four years of f**king private-life bulls**t' as he returns to making music Glamorous Nicole Kidman dazzles in show-stopping fringe gown as she arrives at The Beguiled premiere in Cannes looking radiant Baywatch star Kelly Rohrbach swaps red swimsuit for racy lingerie as she poses for sultry Esquire shoot Long-awaited movie opens this weekend 'Still can't process this': Heartbroken Delta Goodrem pays tribute to victims of Manchester terrorist attack after 22 people are killed at Ariana Grande concert Eva Longoria flaunts her cleavage and enviably lean legs in a daring cut out gown as she steals the show at Philipp Plein's Cannes presentation Smiling through the sadness? Anna Faris seen on the set of the Overboard remake for the first time as she films cemetery scene in Vancouver  She's a Hart-breaker! Model Jessica sizzles in excruciatingly high-rise lingerie while strutting her stuff at Philipp Plein Cannes fashion show Model wowed the crowd Elsa Hosk inspects her assets beneath stunning gown before suffering a wardrobe malfunction as she joins Elsa Hosk at The Beguiled Cannes premiere Pretty in patterns! Karlie Kloss shows off lithe model legs in maxi with thigh-high split from her Express collection The 24-year-old model stunned in New York City 'You're blowing it': Jamie Foxx recalls how Oprah staged an intervention amid his wild drinking and partying before Oscars win  FLASH-bulbs! Braless Victoria Hervey flaunts cleavage and backside in embellished THONG worn under sheer dress at Beguiled premiere in Cannes Ariana Grande's brother Frankie is seen for first time since Manchester attack show The 34-year-old actor was spotted in NYC Beautiful in black! Nina Dobrev throws a chic blazer over a crop top and flared pants in New York City Headed to Donna Karan photo shoot Tennis star Serena Williams joins the board of Silicon Valley company SurveyMonkey - and says she wants to diversify the workforce Married at First Sight star fears his wife will end their union after he gets into a furious fight with her DAD - despite the fact that he was defending her honor Meghan Markle's pal Priyanka Chopra insists the actress is more than just 'Prince Harry's girlfriend' during a TV interview (and she wants invite to wedding) Her own best advert! Kendall Jenner shows off pert derriere in white thong bodysuit as she models new Kendall + Kylie line Eye-popping display  Letting her hair down! Melania changes her outfit and her 'do as she leaves Air Force One in a checked suit after a quick flight from Rome to Brussels Halfway there! Pregnant Heidi Montag proudly shows off her five months along bump after taking a stroll with her fur babies Has four Pomeranians  'Thank you for being the best husband and father!': Kim Kardashian gushes over Kanye West on day of three-year wedding anniversary Kris Jenner's stalker is ordered to stay away from her for THREE YEARS after he tried to break into her Hidden Hills mansion for a third time 'It's just so amazing I love it!' Kim Kardashian's BFF Jonathan Cheban raves about DailyMail.com because 'it's like a diary of my life'  Halsey opens up about her battle with bipolar disorder in interview with Blondie singer Debbie Harry, admitting she struggles to look 'calm' in public Dani Mathers accepts plea deal of three years probation and 30 days of graffiti removal for Snapchatting a body shaming pic of naked 70-year-old at the gym Tyra Banks 'humiliated and verbally abused' a minor on 'America's Got Talent' while trying to get the girl to mock her mom's failed audition on camera, claims lawsuit  EXCLUSIVE: Sex with Kate Moss, threesomes at Jude Law's house, love triangles and crystal meth: Noughties rockers reveal their VERY naughty secrets Wonder Woman CANCELS European premiere in London 'out of respect for the Manchester terror attack victims' Movie stars Gal Gadot 'What are you hiding, Peter?': Zendaya is seen questioning Parker in third Spider-Man trailer as Robert Downey Jr tells the hero to pull it together Wild thing! Amber Rose prowls around in animal print workout catsuit  Gave onlookers a full view of her navy bra through skintight outfit in Hollywood  EXCLUSIVE: Person behind the Access Hollywood p****gate tape leak was Billy Bush's producer and best pal,  who star has now cut out of his life 'He's a nerd, in a good way!': Alexandra Daddario looks chic in NYC to plug Baywatch after complimenting her rumored flame Zac Efron 'It's happening, I'm going to start filming it in the next year': Tom Cruise CONFIRMS sequel to his classic 1986 film Top Gun Rumored for months Sienna Miller cuts a casual figure as she swaps her trademark boho style for low-key threads while filming  The Burning Woman in Massachusetts 'Our hearts are with you!' Miley Cyrus dedicates The Voice performance to 'good friend' Ariana Grande and the Manchester terror attack victims Baby countdown! Beyonce's security team is 'conducting weekly trial runs to the hospital' as she prepares to give birth to twins Set to happen in LA Nobody puts (the original) Baby in a corner! As ABC gets ready to premiere its  Dirty Dancing remake, FEMAIL reveals what happened original cast  Italian model Bianca Balti gives flash of her nipples as she bares all for naked shoot inspired by Sandro Botticelli's The Birth of Venus painting in Cannes Engaged! Drug cheat cyclist Lance Armstrong FINALLY pops the question to girlfriend Anna Hansen... after 10 years together and two children Diane Kruger looks effortlessly stylish in pinstriped palazzo pants and white tank top as she attends Women in Motion event at Cannes  She oozed glamour  EXCLUSIVE: Freddie Mercury drinking wine in a New York limo, Brian May mastering the guitar and Roger Taylor wearing fur: Rock legends Queen uncut  Kim Kardashian DELETES Instagram snap of herself partying with Ariana Grande posted in tribute to Manchester victims... after it came under fire  'A once-entertaining franchise staggering around, devoid of purpose': Critics tear apart Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Lies  Plait's the way to do it: Lily Collins fashions her hair in a kooky braid as she arrives in London after a glittering turn at the Cannes Film Festival  Keeping things casual  Controversial director Roman Polanski, 83, goofs around in his underwear during the Cannes Film Festival Spooted on hotel balcony in Antibes All hail Hailey! Baldwin sizzles as she flaunts her slender legs in a bright red satin mini-dress for lunch in Cannes Looked every inch a star She's so 80s... 1880s that is! Maggie Gyllenhaal looks like she borrowed her gown from Little House On The Prairie set as she hits Valentino event Making waves! Makeup- free Kendall Jenner shows off her behind in unusual Bardot swimsuit as she enjoys paddle-boarding session in Cannes EXCLUSIVE: Playboy model Dani Mathers asked disgraced ex Hollywood lawyer to vouch for her in body-shaming case as her trial begins TODAY 'I don't want to conform!' Nicole Kidman talks about taking on edgy roles as she has FOUR movies in this year's Cannes Film Festival Fresh-faced Barbara Palvin flaunts her leggy figure in THREE thigh-skimming dresses and towering heels as she steps out for a busy day in Cannes Mark Hamill slimmed for 50 WEEKS before learning he had ONE SCENE in The Force Awakens as he reveals he promised to heckle Carrie Fisher's funeral Bikini-clad Kourtney Kardashian sizzles as she tops up tan on luxury yacht... as sister Kendall Jenner goofs around on an inflatable flamingo 'I'm very, very happy': Kit Harington reveals he is living with girlfriend Rose Leslie as he talks wanting 'a few years of relative obscurity' after GOT Prints charming! Queen Maxima looks polished in a patterned skirt and peplum top as she attends a financial report in Paris Dutch royal in France  'I think you're a winner!' Gwen Stefani cheers up boyfriend Blake Shelton after his protege loses The Voice finale Shared a cute video  Victoria's Secret stunner Elsa Hosk flaunts her fantastic figure and endless legs in an itsy-bitsy white bikini as she relaxes in Cannes Defiant Prince Philip hosts awards ceremony at Buckingham Palace with Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex after a man with a knife was arrested outside Here comes Mama June! Reality star sizzles in scarlet on red carpet after stunning 300lb weight loss She put her new size 4 figure on display Say cheese! Melania Trump snaps selfies with sick children during her visit to the Vatican hospital, as Ivanka meets with human trafficking victims Tom Cruise makes VERY rare comment about daughter Suri and her future as an actress Has largely stayed mum since his 2012 split from Katie Holmes Bella-issimo! Model Hadid is effortlessly stunning in form-fitting metallic dress and shades she poses for rooftop Bulgari shoot in Rome 'Classic narcissistic Madonna': Singer slammed by fans over 'self-indulgent' Manchester bombing tribute snap with a pouting Ariana Grande Billy Bush returns to TV for first time since 'Today' firing and reveals that HE tipped off NBC about 'p****gate' tape in 2005 - a decade before it cost him his job Hello sunshine! Leggy Jamie Chung bares her cleavage as she stuns in tiny ruffled frock in NYC She looked ready for the warm weather in New York City on Tuesday Bare-faced beauty! Makeup-free Ruby Rose reveals her heavily-tattooed arms as she steps out in activewear for a casual stroll in Los Angeles 'She has reached out': Ariana Grande fans claim the 'broken' pop superstar has offered to cover funeral costs for victims of Manchester terror attack Clerks actress Lisa Spoonauer dies aged 44 after starring in just two movies and going on to become a restaurant manager Also acted in 'Bartender' 'Our hearts are with you': Miley Cyrus dedicates song to 'good friend' Ariana Grande on finale of The Voice after horrific terrorist attack at UK concert Melania and Ivanka wear black veils to meet the Pope at the Vatican after deciding not to wear head scarfs on Saudi visit (just like Michelle Obama)  Nicole Kidman flaunts her svelte frame in nude lace gown while Elle Fanning and Kirsten Dunst make a statement in white dresses for The Beguiled photocall  'Supernova at just the right time': Rashad Jennings and pro partner Emma Slater win season 24 of DWTS  Proudly raised the Mirrorball Trophy  A beauty in blue! Victoria's Secret model Georgia Fowler stuns as she showcases her trim figure in a backless dress in Cannes Oozed sophistication Double denim diva! Braless Rihanna wears outrageous oversize jean jacket and skirt in New York The 29-year-old singer was edgy as usual Julia Roberts dons mustard sweater and sandals in Malibu... and reveals how her kids reacted to her being People's Most Beautiful Woman A superhero's welcome! Actor Hugh Jackman is mobbed by fans while attending Logan premiere in Tokyo Wolverine star lapped up the attention 'Visions were crushed': Zach Roloff and wife Tori bury beloved dog Sully on TLC's Little People, Big World Double the bad news Inside the wedding of the year, the first photographs of Pippa's flowers in her $130,000 glass marquee  Photos posted on Instagram 'I did try and reach out to her': Katy Perry would 'absolutely' answer a Facetime call from Taylor Swift to end their feud Pair don't see eye to eye Breast dressed! Jessica Chastain goes braless underneath crisp white blazer as she swaps her gown for striking trouser suit at Cannes dinner 'You earned it!' Chris Blue wins season 12 of The Voice much to the delight of his outgoing coach Alicia Keys Chris Blue dropped to his knees Making a splash! Hands-on dad Kelsey Grammer, 62, is spotted enjoying a poolside vacation with his family in Miami He's not slowing down Busty Irina Shayk wows on the red carpet at Cannes as she flaunts her post-baby figure in a daringly cut floor-length gown... just TWO months after giving birth Single and shining bright! Joanna Krupa adds some sparkle on a dark Polish night as she heads out solo The 38-year-old star added some glitz  Hollywood medium Tyler Henry WARNED beloved star Alan Thicke about his heart before his death at 69 Made the stunning revelation in interview  There she blows! Kim Kardashian looks windswept as she enjoys a lunch date with Kanye West in Malibu Spotted making their way into Nobu  Chris Cornell's remains are cremated at Hollywood Forever Cemetery ahead of private funeral service on Friday Private cremation La dolce vita lives on: Barack Obama leaves Michelle behind to go for a walkabout in Bologna and is mobbed by adoring fans  He was in high spirits La La Anthony models leopard-print athleisure wear... after 'meeting with Kim Kardashian's divorce lawyer' The Tony-nominated producer  Bust friends! Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off their impressive cleavage in gravity-defying black bras on Instagram A busty display Jon Stewart's new animated series for HBO gets scrapped due to 'technical issues' after premiere was delayed by over a year  Former 'Daily Show' host Pamela Anderson, 49, sports incredibly smooth complexion as she parties with leggy Paris Hilton at De Grisogono Party in Cannes  Boys club! Director Michael Bay poses with pals John Duhamel, Anthony Hopkins and Jerry Bruckheimer at his Handprint Ceremony in Hollywood 'It was the worst day of my life': Bravo reality star reveals his sister, 9, fell to her death off a cliff during family hike in tragic childhood accident Sexy Lady! Busty Jessie J puts on a racy display in VERY plunging gown as she performs at the de Grisogono party during Cannes Film Festival The Pippa effect! From glass marquees to high-necked frocks and spectacular light shows, how the wedding of the year is ALREADY fueling bridal trends Smiling Queen Elizabeth arrives at St Paul's Cathedral in London for a medal ceremony as armed police line the streets amid tighter security  For the frill of it! Glowing Lindsay Lohan puts on a floral display in a demure high-neck frock as she enjoys de Grisogono party during Cannes Film Festival JAMES HARKIN: How Ariana Grande and her revealing stage outfits are a symbol of everything Islamists hate  Opinion piece Has she been waist training again? Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her TINY waist... after '$415,000 surgery transformation' An evening in Roma! Relaxed Bella Hadid can't contain her giggles as she enjoys dinner date with a mystery man in Italy... before leaving with a bouquet of roses 'Get ready for a shout back on your own looks!' Pregnant Chelsea Peretti vents about strangers commenting on her baby bump in epic Twitter rant Shining star! Katie Holmes steps out in a glittering dress for the annual spring gala at New York's prestigious Whitney Museum She looked stunning  Back to where it all began: Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg posts video of himself returning to the Harvard dorm where he founded the social media site Demi Lovato shares intimate moment with Cheat Codes singer Trevor Dahl as she flashes toned stomach while performing new song No Promises He's with her! Thrilled Tom Hanks cuddles up to Hillary Clinton at children's charity event in New York Jimmy Fallon also attended She's a real high flier! Prince Charles' wife Camilla joins schoolchildren for a game of paper planes on a visit to an airforce base near London  The party doesn't stop! Princess Eugenie looks chic in a monochrome midi-dress as she attends a Jimmy Choo party during a whirlwind week of socializing  Nicole Scherzinger puts on busty display in cleavage-flaunting crop top ahead of Dirty Dancing performance on DWTS final in saucy Instagram snap  Garrn-ering attention! Model Toni shows off her flawless decolletage and lean legs in figure-hugging soaring split lilac gown for Cannes jewellery party EXCLUSIVE: First photos of Ariana Grande since Manchester bombing show tearful  star being comforted by  boyfriend Mac after arriving home in Florida 'Can't stop thinking about you': Manchester attack victim Georgina, 18, remembered by cast of Once Upon A Time after meeting actors at fanfest last month Justin Bieber's fans beg star to cancel his upcoming London show in wake of terrorist attack... as defiant Katy Perry and Lorde refuse to axe UK gig Beautiful actress Alice Eve flashes bra in see-through top as she grabs coffee during shopping spree in LA She tends to turn heads wherever she goes. Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are 'getting better day by day' after violent home robbery Surfing USA! Liam Hemsworth flaunts his ripped physique as he strips down for a surf session in Malibu... before suffering a HUGE wipeout in the waves Ever(ly) so special! Jenna Dewan Tatum flaunts her toned legs in summery lace mini-dress as she takes her sweet little girl, 3, out in LA VIctoria's Secret angel Sara Sampaio puckers up for a smooch with handsome beau Oliver Ripley as she goes braless in racy sheer green gown 007's four formidable wives made Bond girls look like pussycats: How Sir Roger Moore's face and physique were adored by the camera... and the ladies  'Nobody does it better': Daniel Craig and Sir Sean Connery pay tribute to fellow Bond star Sir Roger Moore who has died aged 89 Longest-reigning 007 Bieber's manager Scooter Braun will tighten security on upcoming UK festival following pleas from fans to cancel after Ariana concert attack Sofia Vergara looks chic in off-shoulder black dress as she heads to beauty salon in Beverly Hills Put marriage rumors to bed 'It's surreal': Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller admits she's nervous about going to prison as she prepares to serve her fraud sentence 'I'm definitely a romantic': Tom Cruise reveals he hasn't given up on love after three failed marriages The actor is still looking for love Being neighborly: George Clooney makes $1,300 donation to renovation of local village hall in England ahead birth of twins Close to his home Orlando Bloom looks suave as he attends Pirates of the Caribbean screening... after 'apologising for night of passion' with waitress that got her fired Legs eleven... out of ten! Ashley Graham flashes flesh in skimpy mini-dress as she parties in West Hollywood Put her legs on display You can't always get what you want at Keith Richards' charity antiques auction: Rolling Stones guitarist auctions off the contents NYC home Mom on duty! Jordana Brewster has her hands full as she goes shopping with her three-year-old son Julian in LA She looked ready for anything  'Ending a relationship like that is going to be heavy': Russell Crowe reveals pals Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman had a 'hard' split and denies he sided with actress Sheer to cause a stir! Katy Perry reveals her sports bra in bizarre see-through tracksuit as she catches a flight out of New York She donned shades 'The last thing he would want is for us to mourn him': Bond girls Madeline Smith and Caroline Munro recall fond memories of Sir Roger Moore Gal Gadot shimmers in gold playing Box of Lies with Jimmy Fallon as the brunette beauty continues to promote Wonder Woman Golden girl She's chic! Julianne Moore is stylish in ivory jumpsuit with tassels at charity fundraiser in New York Actress revealed a little cleavage  'She's being very courageous': Rebel Wilson receives unlikely support from Russell Crowe in legal battle... years after Gladiator star told her to 'f**k off' Gun show! Hilary Rhoda flaunts her muscular arms in plunging white jumpsuit at Whitney Museum Gala The 30-year-old IMG Model  Joanna Krupa stuns in flared pink pants as she struts through Warsaw without a care in the world... after recently announcing marriage split James Corden will host program beginning this fall on Snapchat's Discover platform He's hosting a mock talent search to find his replacement They shore look good! Kendall Jenner flashes her abs in a nautical-inspired crop top and flared cream pants as leggy sister Kourtney pets a pooch in Cannes  Bringing the wow factor! Nicky Hilton cuts effortlessly elegant figure in regal black gown as she attends Valentino soiree in New York Kate Mara reveals her first kiss with fiance Jamie Bell was for a screen test 10 YEARS before they started dating Revealed on wwhl 'She's hot as a pistol': Russell Crowe admits he's still attracted to ex Danielle Spencer after she DAZZLES in daring gown at The Mummy premiere Chelsea Handler is pretty in silky blouse gathered at the neck and black slacks at Netflix event in LA Wore nude heels to complete the look Something to tell us, Selma? Blair flashes a blingy ring (again) on THAT finger as she meets her beau Ron Carlson after a mani-pedi Bill Cosby's legal team accuses prosecutors of racism after they tried to block black female cop from jury at his sexual assault trial  Second day of selection Star in stripes: Reese Witherspoon hits the shops in Beverly Hills wearing nautical inspired outfit Stepping out with a large shopping bag A look inside the undersea world of Atlantis: Aerial shots of Aquaman movie set show construction as Jason Momoa and Amber Heard film  'How is this relevant?': Kim Kardashian's tribute to Manchester victims offends fans as she shares snap of herself partying with Ariana Grande Happily ever after? ABC's Dirty Dancing remake will reveal what happened to Baby and Johnny after the original movie ended Time of their lives True crime story: Katharine McPhee gets into character on set of the Lifetime movie The Lost Wife of Robert Durst American Idol contestant No shrinking violet! Teresa Palmer looks blooming beautiful as she shows off her post-baby body in a purple floral frock Hacksaw Ridge star Carrie on running! Sarah Jessica Parker goes for a jog in flip-flops as she gets ready to film HBO show Divorce Carrie Bradshaw 'RIP my 007': Bond girls Jane Seymour and Britt Ekland pay tribute to former co-star Sir Roger Moore after his death aged 89 Remembering the star It's a Sign Of The Times! Harry Styles dons $330 Gucci T-shirt on Mexico getaway after enjoying success with his record breaking debut solo album Short-shorts, ankle socks and bras! As Kendall Jenner makes her own style rules at Cannes, learn how to cop the supermodel's cutting-edge look Priscilla Presley is stylish in sparkly semi sheer top and black top coat as she arrives at LAX after European tour The ex-wife of the late Elvis Presley  'I don't want to be connected so much': Chris Pine admits he uses a FLIP PHONE...as he continues promoting Wonder Woman film Keeping it real Nicki Minaj struts through LAX in purple bomber... and vows to perform for Manchester fans in 2018 Rap diva also revealed she's celibate  Effortlessly chic! Julianna Marguiles headlines children's charity bash in NYC in black halter neck top and tailored slacks Sensational at 50 Feeling blue! Chloe Grace Moretz emerges from pilates session in midnight bomber and navy shorts The 20-year-old actress was in West Hollywood 'They were vultures': Rebel Wilson cries in court as she accuses magazine of ruining decades of work after a 'jealous former school mate sold her out'  Ciao bella! Michelle Obama shows off her shoulders again in a colorful caftan as she enjoys lunch with a VERY relaxed Barack at their luxury Italian villa Shopping up a storm! Lisa Rinna keeps it comfy in leggings as she picks up clothes at Barneys in Beverly Hills The 53-year-old reality star  Has a nice ring to it! The Bachelorette's Rachel Lindsay shows off svelte waist in black tank top as she flashes dainty engagement band Looking for Mr Right Antonio Banderas, 56, gets passionate with girlfriend Nicole Kimpel, 37, as she attends Cannes  bash in TWO daringly sheer gowns  True Blue! Princess Mary looks effortlessly chic in knee-length ensemble for Emergency Services Summit before packing school bags for kids Getting edgy! Jennifer Aniston, 48, reveals a Helix piercing as she looks toned while leaving gym in Los Angeles Justin's influence? 'My world will never be the same again': 'Devastated' Michael Caine leads tributes to Roger Moore after 007 legend died age 89 after short battle with cancer Blue jean baby! Karlie Kloss wears long cutoffs and a white tee as she enjoys a casual stroll in New York City The former Victoria's Secret Angel Billy Bush apologizes to former Access Hollywood co-host Nancy O'Dell for leaked 'p****gate' tape of him and Donald Trump Saying sorry Leggy Joanne Froggatt stuns in thigh-grazing sequin mini dress as she attends fashion launch in LA The 36-year-old Golden Globe winner  Show dismissed! Chicago Justice is CANCELLED by NBC network after just one season It is a definite case of no order for the court The Night King is coming! HBO releases Game of Thrones season 7 key art featuring dreaded villain in creepy poster Teaser That'll Kourt trouble! Scott Disick, 34, risks awkward run-in as he arrives in Cannes with Bella Thorne, 19... while ex parties with toyboy nearby 'Is that like a w****r?' Tom Cruise left confused when Australian presenter uses the slang word 'tosser' during awkward interview Friend reveals how Diana met Charles just TWELVE times before they wed - but claims princess says he was only man she'd ever loved before her death Who knew Kate was an artist? Duchess of Cambridge is praised for her sketch of Pippa's wedding church which featured on the order of service Obama's photographer snaps Frank Underwood and his House of Cards comrades during a day out in Washington DC ahead of fifth series of Netflix show Elsa Hosk flaunts her sensational figure in a leotard and extravagant caped gown as she poses up a storm at Cannes jewelry party Victoria's Secret Angel 'Short hair DONT CARE': Justin Bieber posts series of shirtless snaps on Instagram as fans beg him to cancel London gig this summer The Canadian pop star EXCLUSIVE: 'Broken' Ariana Grande touches down on private jet in Florida with hero mom Joan after halting world tour following terror attack at concert Going nude! Helena Christensen steps out in a whimsical dress to attend the Valentino fashion show in New York can pull off any look The cutest kid on earth! North West steals the show from mom Kim Kardashian and dad Kanye in Minnie Mouse outfit at Disneyland Little girl is 4 next month Ready for summer! Nicky Hilton stuns in flowery dress and bohemian braid at Valentino runway show At the Valentino Resort 2018 show in NYC Meek Mill sued in fatal December shooting that broke out after his show Travis Ward, 31, and Jaquan Graves, 20, died outside the Toyota Oakdale Theater Bumping along! Glowing Jill Duggar shows off baby belly to mom Michelle... after revealing tragic murder of friend in Central America Glamorous Mischa Barton looks happy and healthy in a plunging black gown at Cannes... as she returns to the red carpet after sex tape scandal and meltdown Olivia Palermo rocks colorful bomber jacket for the Valentino 2018 Resort fashion show in New York Said fashion is about mixing and matching Elisabeth Moss wears off-the-shoulder white sundress and red heels to attend Top Of The Lake: China Girl press conference in Cannes Looking all white Society's gender pay gap is 'violence against women', says actress Salma Hayek as she criticizes the 'macho' culture of Hollywood  Speaking at Cannes  No one puts this babe in the corner! Debra Messing is unmissable as she wears a romper that is even more fiery than her red hair Star looked fantastic  She doesn't age! Elvis Presley's widow Priscilla, 71, looks youthful as she receives key to the city in Vienna The co-founder and former chairwoman of Elvis Presley Enterprises She's at it again! Ecstatic Nicole Kidman cuddles up to Naomi Campbell on the Cannes Film Festival red carpet in another VERY amicable display Heartbreaking moment thousands of youngsters sing 'One Last Time' with Ariana Grande moments before Manchester suicide bomb attack killed 22  Ariana Grande's Australian tour likely to be cancelled after Manchester terror attack as the 'hysterical' singer suspends European dates and arrives back in the U.S.  Rita Ora puts on an eye-popping display in plunging mini dress while Hailey Baldwin exhibits her cleavage in skintight look at De Grisogono Party From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story What horror will Facebook show YOU next time you log on? Unwitting users shown live suicide videos and even rape and murder - and the web giant says it can do nothing 2 comments Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Join IEEE | IEEE.org | IEEE Xplore Digital Library | IEEE Standards | IEEE Spectrum | More Sites Follow on: Advertisement × Welcome! Please log in or register to continue Login Forgot Password? Do not have an account? Create an account × Create Account Given/First name: Last/Family/Surname: Register Engineering Topics  Special Reports  Blogs  Multimedia  The Magazine  Professional Resources  Search  News Computing Hardware Google Plans to Demonstrate the Supremacy of Quantum Computing By the end of 2017, Google hopes to make a 49-qubit chip that will prove quantum computers can beat classical machines By Rachel Courtland Posted 24 May 2017 | 15:00 GMT Advertisement Editor's Pick Europe Will Spend €1 Billion to Turn Quantum Physics Into Quantum Technology IBM Expanding Cloud Quantum Computer Tenfold Error Correction Moves Quantum Computing Closer to Reality Photo: Erik Lucero Put Chip Here: Google will put its superconducting quantum computer chip in this 10-millikelvin dilution refrigerator. Quantum computers have long held the promise of performing certain calculations that are impossible—or at least, entirely impractical—for even the most powerful conventional computers to perform. Now, researchers at a Google laboratory in Goleta, Calif., may finally be on the cusp of proving it, using the same kinds of quantum bits, or qubits, that one day could make up large-scale quantum machines. By the end of this year, the team aims to increase the number of superconducting qubits it builds on integrated circuits to create a 7-by-7 array. With this quantum IC, the Google researchers aim to perform operations at the edge of what’s possible with even the best supercomputers, and so demonstrate “quantum supremacy.” “We’ve been talking about, for many years now, how a quantum processor could be powerful because of the way that quantum mechanics works, but we want to specifically demonstrate it,” says team member John Martinis, a professor at the University of California, Santa Barbara, who joined Google in 2014. A system size of 49 superconducting qubits is still far away from what physicists think will be needed to perform the sorts of computations that have long motivated quantum computing research. One of those is Shor’s algorithm, a computational scheme that would enable a quantum computer to quickly factor very large numbers and thus crack one of the foundational components of modern cryptography. In a recent commentary in Nature, Martinis and colleagues estimated that a 100-million-qubit system would be needed to factor a 2,000-bit number—a not-uncommon public key length—in one day. Most of those qubits would be used to create the special quantum states that would be needed to perform the computation and to correct errors, creating a mere thousand or so stable “logical qubits” from thousands of less stable physical components, Martinis says. There will be no such extra infrastructure in this 49-qubit system, which means a different computation must be performed to establish supremacy. To demonstrate the chip’s superiority over conventional computers, the Google team will execute operations on the array that will cause it to evolve chaotically and produce what looks like a random output. Classical machines can simulate this output for smaller systems. In April, for example, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory reported that its 29-petaflop supercomputer, Cori, had simulated the output of 45 qubits. But 49 qubits would push—if not exceed—the limits of conventional supercomputers. This computation does not as yet have a clear practical application. But Martinis says there are reasons beyond demonstrating quantum supremacy to pursue this approach. The qubits used to make the 49-qubit array can also be used to make larger “universal” quantum systems with error correction, the sort that could do things like decryption, so the chip should provide useful validation data. Photo: Erik Lucero Steps to Supremacy: Google’s quantum computing chip is a 2-by-3 array of qubits. The company hopes to make a 7-by-7 array later this year. There may also be, the team suspects, untapped computational potential in systems with little or no error correction. “It would be wonderful if this were true, because then we could have useful products right away instead of waiting for a long time,” says Martinis. One potential application, the team suggests, could be in the simulation of chemical reactions and materials. Google recently performed a dry run of the approach on a 9-by-1 array of qubits and tested out some fabrication technology on a 2-by-3 array. Scaling up the number of qubits will happen in stages. “This is a challenging system engineering problem,” Martinis says. “We have to scale it up, but the qubits still have to work well. We can’t have any loss in fidelity, any increase in error rates, and I would say error rates and scaling tend to kind of compete against each other.” Still, he says, the team thinks there could be a way to scale up systems well past 50 qubits even without error correction. Google is not the only company working on building larger quantum systems without error correction. In March, IBM unveiled a plan to create such a superconducting qubit system in the next few years, also with roughly 50 qubits, and to make it accessible on the cloud. “Fifty is a magic number,” says Bob Sutor, IBM’s vice president for this area, because that’s around the point where quantum computers will start to outstrip classical computers for certain tasks. The quality of superconducting qubits has advanced a lot over the years since D-Wave Systems began offering commercial quantum computers, says Scott Aaronson, a professor of computer science at the University of Texas at Austin. D-Wave, based in Burnaby, B.C., Canada, has claimed that its systems offer a speedup over conventional machines, but Aaronson says there has been no convincing demonstration of that. Google, he says, is clearly aiming for a demonstration of quantum supremacy that is “not something you’ll have to squint and argue about.” It’s still unclear whether there are useful tasks a 50-or-so-qubit chip could perform, Aaronson says. Nor is it certain whether systems can be made bigger without error correction. But he says quantum supremacy will be an important milestone nonetheless, one that is a natural offshoot of the effort to make large-scale, universal quantum machines: “I think that it is absolutely worth just establishing as clearly as we can that the world does work this way. Certainly, if we can do it as a spin-off of technology that will be useful eventually in its own right, then why the hell not?” This article appears in the June 2017 print issue as “Google Aims for Quantum Computing Supremacy.” Advertisement Recommended For You The iBoardbot Brings X-Y Plotters Into the Cloud Age How to Become an FAA-Approved Drone Pilot Agile Development Spawns a Lexicon It Took the Bicycle 200 Years to Find Its Way in the World Mechanical Metamaterials and Other 3D Printing Tech from CHI 2017 Cheek Haptics and Other Weird Computer Interfaces from CHI 2017 Learn More D-Wave Google IBM quantum computing quantum supremacy qubits superconducting qubits Comments Comment Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a> Comments powered by Disqus Topics Aerospace At Work Biomedical Computing Energy Gadgets Geek Life Green Tech Robotics Semiconductors Telecom Transportation Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ RSS IEEE Spectrum Contact Us About Newsletters Reprints & Permissions IEEE Partners Advertising & Media Center IEEE Job Site Buyer’s Guide The Magazine Subscribe Now Digital Download © Copyright 2017 IEEE Spectrum Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies | Accessibility | Nondiscrimination Policy Join IEEE About IEEE Conferences & Events Education & Careers Membership & Services Publications and Standards Societies & Communities © Copyright 2017 IEEE — All rights reserved. Use of this Web site signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 27 Plus 1 on G+ 67 Share on Facebook 74 Share on Twitter Total Shares168 Applications Google Google has been improving Gboard with the same type of tools it uses for speech recognition: machine learning. The budding technology is rapidly becoming a ubiquitous method for improving results and performance. If a network can be trained to accurately accomplish something in a performant way, odds are you'll see it introduced to any product it can be applied to. Gboard and text-input as a whole are no different, and we are reaping the benefits of improved corrections and predictions every time we swipe out a low-accuracy message to a friend. But how do these improvements work? This is going to be a pretty technical post, and I'm going to do my best to simplify things to a level where everyone can enjoy the subject. All of this is based on a recent Google Research blog post. If you are really into machine learning and you already know what every term I might use means, the source link is probably the best place for you to learn about the cool new stuff in Gboard. If, however, you think you might want a few of the concepts or terms explained, then this article might be the place for you. Google's latest research blog post is all about one thing: Gboard. The authors talk about some of the new features that were shown off at I/O, like the transliteration tools for typing in a language you might only have a phonetic familiarity with. But the biggest things discussed in the article relate to how input is determined, and the models and math that determine which swipes equate to which words, and how to most accurately correct mistakes. The two solutions Google has found revolve around its neural spatial models for processing input, and finite-state transducers for state progression to accurately determine content. These sound like complex ideas, but their cleverness can be explained. Input Neural spatial models are just a fancy way of saying machine learning applied to any space. For instance, the physical Gboard keyboard layout itself. When we type, we sometimes type wrong. And when we swipe, we sometimes swipe wrong. I might have meant to drag over "P" for this word, but I only made it to O. That's where these neural spatial models come in handy. They are able to determine probabilities for which letters you meant to hit based on physical proximity of input, as well as predictive models based on trained corrections. Originally, Gboard used a Gaussian model, combed with a set of simple rules. That's a fancy way of saying it used physical proximity in a sort of bell-curve out from a given key, combined with a basic understanding of certain common errors. The developers have replaced the older Gaussian and rule-based model with an LSTM, or long short-term memory model, trained by a CTC, or connectionist temporal classification. Big somewhat scary acronyms, but they're actually pretty simple ideas. A long short-term memory is a particular kind of neural net ideal for use in applications of intermittent or unknown event/time latencies, and Google has previously used these for speech recognition, the Google Assistant, and Google Translate. A connectionist temporal classification is a specific method of training a neural network. After all, a neural network is nothing without data to derive weighted triggers and values from. In this case, it means segmenting data input to the network by time and allowing the network to retroactively refer to input, states, and output before and after the current set. To further simplify, it means referring to data at many stages of analysis from multiple periods of time, increasing the value of context in the network's training. To pull data for training, Google used data sets comprised of information collected when users opt-in to share snippets, and set reverted corrections and suggestions as negative signals, and accepted corrections or suggestions as positive. To help visualize how it might work, we have this image. In the above, the left represents individual data points from the word "could" as swiped on Gboard. The right is a normalized temporal data for the same swiped input. By being able to refer to the probable center of an input, in temporal context with inputs that came before and after, we can tell that the overall path means "Could" even if we might not have hit a couple of letters quite right. Google was further able to adapt some of its speech recognition tools and data and apply it to corrections and suggestions in Gboard, optimizing things over iterations with a heavy dose of Tensorflow to increase the speed of analysis and output and decrease the number of errors. All that is well and good, but Google can also leverage the rules of a language to enhance predictions. As a basic example, consider: If you tapped O-T instead of I-T, Gboard can look at its dictionary and determine that "OT" isn't something you are likely to input, but that the similar "IT" is a word. Furthermore, "I" is physically close to "O," so you probably meant "IT." Easy. Well, Google is able to do a similar but improved sort thing via what is called a finite-state transducer. Processing To vastly over-simplify, a finite-state transducer, in this case, means an order of operations for processing input. The operational flow above shows the various stages of potential input for the words "I," "I've," and "If." In this image input at each stage comes before the ":" (with ε representing nothing as either input or output), and potential outputs are shown after the ":" as they each become logical. So we start having input the letter "i." From the top path we can see, if there is no additional input, then "I" is the correct output. If an apostrophe or space follows, followed by the letter "v," then "I've" is the likely output. If the letter "f" follows, then "If" is the likely output. The final two flows at the bottom return to start. You can think of it as just a series of rules for input and output. Google is able to use these same tools at other scales. For instance, developers can create these logical chains for whole words and their contexts, combined with the spatial models above and statistical likelihoods for possible inputs. These tools also apply to the transliteration features that were shown off at I/O. By implementing those same workflows and networks towards phonetically spelled input, it can guess what characters or words in another language you might mean. For anyone that might speak a language, but not know how to spell it, that's pretty cool. Unfortunately, if you can't read the language, you aren't really in a position to know if what it's typing is right or wrong, but it's still a useful tool. Output Gboard and machine learning are both pretty fantastically interesting and complex subjects. I hope our simplification of the tools behind it has helped you understand a bit more behind how it all works. It's useful to have knowledge about how the things we use on a daily basis work, not just in an abstract sense for intellectual fulfillment, but to provide us with a base for troubleshooting when things might go wrong. Now when GBoard makes seemingly odd recommendations, you might have a small idea as to why. Source: Google Tags AI autocorrect gboard machine learning neural networks predictive keyboard video subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon's LG K8 V is getting an update to Android 7.0 Nougat ... Next Story Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more ... Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments KlausWillSeeYouNow Despite all this, Gboard is total and utter shit at predicting what it is I'm trying to say. It's also buggy and crashy as hell. I switched to SwiftKey and haven't looked back. elijahblake it is very, very, very, bad at predicting correct words.. I do miss swiftkey sometimes. I guess i'm just hanging in there hoping the gboard starts learning. Just today instead of "this" it put "thoe" dimm0k I've mentioned this before... prior to the change of name to Gboard when it was Google Keyboard, the prediction was actually decent! since the name change however I agree that the prediction has been pretty crappy! words that I've typed pretty often still get mistaken for some other random word that doesn't even work in the sentence I'm typing out! David Thoren That's interesting.. I've never really used the prediction to type with, I just swipe through without looking, so I can't really speak to that.. But I have never seen Gboard crash or even get unstable. KlausWillSeeYouNow Gboard is totally unstable on my LG V20. Maybe it's just something specific to my device – but only recent versions of Gboard have had this issue for me. I miss the days of Google Keyboard, a stable product that actually worked. gv Haven't had any stability problems with g'board; don't think it's even crashed once on my axon7. But then again, it doesn't work worth a damn either, so is that really such an accomplishment? KlausWillSeeYouNow Yeah. Amen. Sounds like you and I should have a beer sometime. We clearly feel the same about Gboard. gv You can apply all the fancy machine learning you want, doesn't change that gv is total shit at predicting swiped words... it's so bad that I've gone back to swype despite it being a resource hog and slow. My favorite thing is you'll swipe a word, and gv will take a guess and be really wrong. So you'll back over it, swipe it again and gv will guess the EXACT SAME WORD. So you'll back over it, swipe it again, and gv will now be so sure that it won't offer *any* alternative suggestions (even though the alternative suggestions were also wrong) the third time. Machine learning, my ass! Machine stupidity; if it wasn't the correct word the first or second time you can be damn sure it's not the correct word the third time! So then you type in the word you actually want, and next sentence you need the same word. Idiot gv then suggests the original word AGAIN when you swipe it. Machine learning, my ass! At least swype is smart enough to know that if you just used a word it didn't swype in correctly, next time you swype something close to that (even if you didn't permanently add it to the dictionary) that's likely the word you wanted! KlausWillSeeYouNow AMEN! PREACH! I second this. It's so annoying. You said it better than I ever could, pal. Whatever Gboard's doing, it isn't working. Carson Saldanha I'm even on the beta on my 2014 Nexus 6 and it's running just fine--no crashes or anything. blahmoomoo If they can one day figure out when I mean to say "if" or "of", I'll be happy. It feels like less of a problem recently, but it still happens sometimes... Lare2 The problem I have with Gboard is that when you write on two languages and forget to change the language, over the time, it will start suggesting words on the wrong language. Rod This. On the other hand, Swiftkey handles languages nicely. big_al77 I love gboard. Best keyboard for a while now Miku is Best Vocaloid I started using it as soon as they added bilingual prediction. Ha hecho mi vida mucho más fácil. Joseph Walker Home-based mom Kelly Richards from New York City after giving up from her full time work managed to get paid from 26000 dollars-28000 dollars a month from freelancing in the house... This is how she working it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now matteventu And why the hell when I write in Italian it often tells me "Download now the Portuguese dictionary" (or some shit like that) as a tip? Can't it understand that I'm writing in Italian, with also the Italian dictionary set up? Lare2 It's​ doing the same to me when typing in Spanish. Stu I've finally made the switch from fleksy to gboard. Not the smoothest transition but there are some pluses. I just wish that when I turned off auto capitalization it worked for everything and not just the first letter of a sentence. Wouldn't mind if it knew that punctuation went at the end of the last word, even if I put a space already (like with commas). Would also be nice if when I added words to the dictionary it knew better when to suggest them or auto add them. Even when I add shortcuts in the dictionary I still have to type very deliberately, add apostrophes myself, etc. My name is…. A far lesser keyboard to Swiftkey. Mike Each have their pros and cons, I personally prefer Gboard for it's speed but Swiftkey has more features going for it. KlausWillSeeYouNow There's nothing fast about having to correct nearly every word Gboard predicts or swipes wrong. It will change correctly typed words, like "got," to stuff that can neither be contextually nor structurally related, like "hey." It was just like torture. I wanted to love Gboard but couldn't :( Aaron I want to love Gboard still. Just couldn't keep using Swiftkey after after the MS buyout. KlausWillSeeYouNow Why? It's not like it has Outlook built in or anything. Dmitry Stepanushkin Sure some people will use swipe input, but I prefer tap, especially for English keyboard, it's much faster for me, and swipe feels unreliable. Mike I try to Swype all the time and it just feels like I'm wasting time versus just tapping. Christopher Bement Swiping is way faster for me. tlogank Gboard kills the battery on my S7 for some reason. I get more alerts about it eating my battery up than any other app. Wish that wasn't the case because it's my favorite keyboard, but I can't keep using it as is. Carson Saldanha Try setting the theme to black AMOLED. I know that shouldn't be the fix and probably won't fully fix it, but it'll for sure help a little and will only take a while until you get used to the look. tlogank I'm getting notices for it even when I'm not using it. It's like doing stuff in the background or something. Christopher Bement What have you tried in an attempt to fix it? tlogank Not much besides uninstalling and reinstalling it. Doesn't seem to help for more than a day. Druter Gboard is one of the most inaccurate keyboards on the Play store right now. Sometimes it almost seems as if it's trying to make typing as full of errors as possible. I have taken to reading everything two or three times to catch the errors and it still manages to sneak some in there. I do not have confidence enough in Gboard to type even short sentences and hit send without proofreading. If this is machine learning, the machine needs to go back to school obk88 just used it for about a week its very intriguing...using gifs, doing quick search from the keyboard and also used the translation option...but typing is just more effortless on swfitkey. Prediction is better on swiftkey, no suggestions in chrome or other apps is really annoying & gliding isnt as smooth...google is going in the right direction but this app still needs work...for now im back on swfitkey but keeping an eye on gboard for sure gv gboard may have machine learning algorithms, but they suck out loud. The ONLY thing it has going for it is launch speed. Other than that, it's far slower because it mis-predicts what word I'm swiping nearly 85% of the time. Seriously, I was swiping a text the other day and it didn't swipe a correct word. Eventually wound up thumbing the message just so I could talk! tehboogieman One of my biggest issues with Gboard is the inconsistency of whole word delete when swipe typing. I recently discovered there is a swipe backspace feature that I haven't read about anywhere that partially makes up for it, but I wish they would make the experience more consistent. If AP hasn't mentioned it yet it might be post worthy. I like a lot of the other improvements that Gboard has over the previous Google/AOSP keyboard. I've noticed a lot of improvements in text correction that takes a little getting used to, where it actually corrects groups of words or phrases in some situations. Still annoyed that I can't sync with my other devices just because I have one GSuite account Ailín Ó’S SwiftKey will remain my goto however. Nathan J And yet, they still can't tell the difference between to and too, or insist I meant CSV when I trace type "can." Rod Great post! Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 10 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 111 queries | 0.331s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... 'Lucky' is Allo's first chat bot (besides Assistant), tries to guess what GIF you want Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/01/25 4:24pm PDTJan 25, 2017 44 Plus 1 on G+ 104 Share on Facebook 89 Share on Twitter Total Shares237 Applications Google News Announced at Google I/O last year and released a few months later, Allo is the company's latest attempt at a chat application. The excitement has long since worn off, but Google hasn't abandoned it (yet). Perhaps what Allo really needs is more chat bots, because Allo 5.0 introduces the 'Lucky' bot. Allo already allows you to ask Google Assistant questions in any conversation by tagging it (@google). Now you can type "@lucky" followed by a search phrase, and Lucky will try to find an appropriate GIF. If you have used Google Keyboard's GIF search, or Slack's /giphy command, it's pretty much the same deal here.    The bot works well enough, but is extremely basic. Having this functionality in Hangouts would be nice, but I think Google already forgot about it. Thanks: Andrew Tags allo chat bot chatbot Google subscribe ... Previous Story JDI announces 'Full Active Flex' bendable plastic LCD displays ... Next Story One Piece: Thousand Storm offers online co-op with the anime's most popular characters Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note I'll just stick with the GIF search in Google Keyboard. Much better. Duder12 And you know this how? Corey Kinard Testing? ido In what way isn't it better? You don't have to open the allo app to find a gif catalysto It's already in Hangouts if you use Gboard. I prefer to use that instead of having to type "@lucky" every time. iCON Hm, would be interesting if we could write our own bots like in Telegram. Willie Chalmers III It's likely this is an Action on Google and Google is doing their preliminary testing before they let developers claim special @names for invocation phrases. I'm incredibly excited for Allo finally being able to use custom actions. Richard Branches https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d8012e4afaf6053b714d8e6ae20b536eba5825b4d512e103eeb759ec84bc36d3.jpg Richard Branches https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/8e3cfe102fac42601003b74466f14d06b9bbbedce3448c60d11a16e55d302a9a.jpg TrOpAzR Yeah how about we just get a desktop client? Even if it's as garbage as the "new" Hangouts redesign it would at least be semi useful. Good_Ole_Pinocchio I'm feeling lucky.... How can I get SMS and desktop support? Duder12 Getting rid of the phone number requirement would be huge Dianewbetz Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj305d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj305d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash305DirectGeoGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj305d:....,....... wuafri not if you invented the relay app David Hyman I have had good success using join for responding to allo messages. It's definitely not ideal but serviceable Mike Adams Because this is so much more useful than a desktop client or multiple device support Sam Del Valle It's Google. Just accept it Chris Thomson Do you really think they work on one feature at the same time? Mike Adams How's that multi device support and desktop client coming? NathanDrago They are just trolling AP staff and readers, at this point. supersanborn There are three images of Ron Swanson in this article. Half-Life 3 confirmed. ToasTd That was the lamest HL3 confirmed joke I've seen. supersanborn It's because I'm that disappointed in Allo. All that's left of me is lame HL3 jokes. Snowsky419 You know what might be nice? The ability to import and export Allo chats as CSV files or something... Good_Ole_Pinocchio Or back it up to the cloud. Like any normal app. bozzykid Android doesn't even offer the ability to back up SMS by default. Why would they bother with Allow? Good_Ole_Pinocchio Because the competition for this app does. Starting with WhatsApp. If they don't compete Allo will be dead sooner than later. Duder12 Pixel phones do. Atoqir Samsung does as well. They backup SMS, bookmarks, alarms, call logs etc to their own account system Martin This is turning into complete joke... People asking for ONLY ONE thing SMS and they are doing all this crap with the app... Title should be "Dumb Google added one more useless thing because they don't want to make it useful!" Stop licking their a** and start criticize them! Suck a big site can make a difference! Willie Chalmers III It's a big deal if this is the beginning of letting Actions on Google be used from Allo. DarenTx It is a big deal but it still feels wrong that it is taking priority over SMS. Willie Chalmers III I do think SMS is important, but the chatbot market is booming and I think Google really wants to promote their assistant more than anything else. Besides, we're really in the minority in terms of wanting SMS. As long as Allo works (given people actually use it), Google could care less about supporting that old standard. Aaron But when billions of people are already using WhatsApp, FB Messenger and iMessages, how do you convince them to abandon an app they've used for years and that all their friends and family already have installed? At least SMS would help give Allo a user base without everyone needing to have it installed. Willie Chalmers III And that's the conundrum we're in and will likely find ourselves until Google starts pre-installing Allo onto every Android phone. To be fair, yeah, if Allo had SMS a lot more of us (especially the readers of Android Police) would use it daily. Aaron That's really what I'm saying. Give it SMS fallback, á la iMessage, and make it the default messenger on Android devices. Get Samsung onboard and you have a user base to rival the iPhone. Allo to Allow messages over data and Allo to whatever else via SMS. If Google is waiting for RCS then we will be waiting a long time before we get feature parity with the iPhone. Willie Chalmers III I'm curious, do you think we have a chance at actually making a Google messaging service work? I'm skeptical but hopeful. Aaron Google just always seems to be tinkerings, like their heart isn't really in the services they provide outside of the obvious (ads, search, email and maps). But I think if anyone is going to do it, wouldn't it have to be Google? I guess FB would have the capital and infrastructure to do it, but they already have Messenger and WhatsApp. MS could but I don't see any motivation. Amazon might be more likely. They're getting big into the services department with Alexa and such. Amazon might be our actual last hope for a decent integrated messaging service. Kinda shocked I just typed that and meant it. DigitalBenny Kinda shocked I somewhat agree... Atoqir Samsung will not come on board. Rumors are they are including their own assistant system in the S8. (bixby) They bought this a while ago and apparently it's way better than that current S-Voice crap. Also messenger and skype already have numerous bots. Wont be long before WhatsApp will support it. Google is leader in a lot of things but messaging will never be it. They are just too late and most casual people are reluctant to change. That is why Facebook will never be beaten when it comes to social: facebook, messenger, instagram, whatsapp. They just have a way too powerfull combo of hit apps/services. JG Small correction... People are asking for two things, not just one... Better SMS support (it already has some) AND, IMHO more importantly, multi-device support. I think a lot more people would be willing to use Allo if it weren't phone exclusive. They can stick with using your phone number as your ID, but other apps (WhatsApp, Telegram, Signal et al) who have a similar set up allow you to run on your tablet, PC (either as a Chrome extension or as its own app) etc. Personally, I would like to see Google merge Allo, Hangouts and Messenger into a single unified chat app across ALL of Google's property -- Android, Chrome & Web. Re-work Hangouts from the ground up, streamlining the code and adding in Allo's features (like stickers, whisper/SHOUT, incognito, bots etc) and giving it a full SMS/MMS including RCS and other advanced features like message scheduling etc. And have Hangouts, Allo and SMS chat archives merged into the new app. A single app will require less resources on Google's end (both in development and day-to-day running) than two (and a half) separate nearly identical apps. Us, the end users would benefit. We'd get what we want, we could talk (via IM or SMS) from any device we have our Google account singed in on. A single app so no more trying to remember who uses which app or having to copy 'n paste a group message through multiple apps. And the single interface would help those of us less tech savvy. And it would help the Assistant. The more you use AI, the smarter it becomes. By giving it years worth of SMS & Hangouts archives to devour and expanding the day-to-day input it'll become smarter and be able to provide better personalized responses faster. Willie Chalmers III As much as I'd love that to happen, Allo was sort of DOA and I'm not sure if Google can recover by releasing Allo 10.0: Everything from all of our messaging apps and more. JG That's why I'm suggesting, Google should essentially pull the life support plug on Allo and Messenger, after donating their respective "organs" (code) to Hangouts. I would like to see Hangouts 17 be a total re-work of the Hangouts code base. Streamline the app as much as possible, get rid of any excess bloat (both in apk file size and performance), lag etc while also merging in Allo and Messenger's contributions. Give Hangouts access to the Assistant, Lucky and whatever other bots are in the works, make a long press of the send key activate whisper/SHOUT, bring over the sticker packs and especially Incognito chat mode. Also expand Hangout's SMS features. Add RCS support and all the other advanced features (like being able to schedule message delivery etc) you'd expect to find in a proper SMS app. Hangouts can then claim the position Google was originally billing it as - a universal chat service across all of Google properties (not unlike iMessenger for Apple). Google can release an app for Android, iOS (and maybe a stand-alone app for Windows, Mac & Linux) and an extension for Chrome, OS & browser, plus the website. Each instance provides a similar (if not identical) user interface, has access to all of my chat logs (regardless if the thread began in old Hangouts, Allo or Messenger). Incoming messages (be they SMS or Hangouts) sync across and ding on all of my devices via my Google account and I can bounce between devices as I like. Plug the phone in to charge when I get home, sit down at the desk and continue the SMS conversation on the desktop, for example. That would give us users a single app with all the features we want (plus a few others - like Lucky) accessible just about anywhere with a single interface that'll make it easy to master (especially for the non-techie users). A single app allows Google to redistribute now redundant resources (both servers and developers) to other tasks and removes the need to constantly re-invent the wheel by needing to code new features twice, for Allo and Hangouts independently. As soon as Google teaches the Google Home Assistant to access the messenger database once, it's done. No need for different code to access Allos vs Hangouts. Duder12 You're clueless. Hangouts never took off in the consumer market and your asking for a rework of hangouts. That's exactly what Allo is. Hangouts is being moved to the enterprise where it actually has a userbase. END of STORY Law I don't think Google is very good at streamlining their services. They just come up with an idea, throw it at the wall and hope the general public likes it. They have several services that can be combined into one. Gmail, inbox etc. I hate to bring up Apple but they are very consistent in this regard. Their agenda always remains the same and that is consistency. JG Alphabet has been becoming more frugal lately trying to reign in their excess spending... Especially lately with various X programs shutting down. Of course, maintaining and running two chat apps is probably next to nothing compared to X's Boston Dynamics or Project Wing etc. So while they keep the "Throw everything against the wall and see what sticks" notion may remain, it's possible they may redefine the term "sticks"... Google often "spring cleans" and closes projects that are not used frequently enough... Like their 411 service since (just about) everyone has a smartphone now and can just look up a company's phone number rather than calling a 411 service to get it. Maybe after a year or so Google will say "Hey, this app hasn't gained the traction we had hoped for" and decide to ax the program. Chris Thomson They already said that Hangouts is for enterprises. It's really unlikely they will merge it with hangouts. JG Google has also called Hangouts their universal chat app... It is possible they could change their mind again and return to that paradigm. Especially if they notice the majority are still using their "enterprise* chat app instead of their consumer app... But yeah, I know it's probably more likely wishful thinking... Not unlike my hope Google might decide to come to their senses and release their Project Vault encryption device and bring microSD to the new Pixels and other Google designed hardware to support Vault. Lars Jeppesen Only americans are asking for Sms, ya know? The rest 96% of the world's population don't care... ( roughly speaking) Martin If it's working like iMessage trust me the rest of the world will care too. :) Messenger with No ads, no BS and with Assistant... What more to ask for. And comes pre-installed on every Android phone... :) Lars Jeppesen You might be right there... Bruce Wayne How about they focus on more important features... dblock How about they bring useful stuff to Allo? Siiiiiigh. RNTMPX Not working here... The answers still came from Google Assistant Willie Chalmers III Did you actually type the @lucky in a non-Google Assistant chat? RNTMPX Not typing but pasting from this article. Willie Chalmers III It's like using the Google Assistant in a chat: you type in the @l then a small box pops up allowing you to choose the bot. ᔕTOᖇᗰ ᔕᑭIᖇIT How hard it was to think that [email protected] ' seems more legit than [email protected] '. Anyways a desktop app would be great + Why create so many similar purpose apps (hangouts) ? :/ YuCMi Because it's Google we're talking about here. Common sense is irrelevant. Iamsecond Um Lucky, no I'm not feeling you, that's creepy. Stop asking, and put some clothes on. Diggle Because that's the only thing you're can talk to if you using Allo Leeroy Jenkins allo hasn't been sunset yet? Do people still use it? abc Makes sense. People don't use Allo, so Google is creating chat bots for the few users remaining to chat with. Fruity101079 And still no localization/traduction? Law I wonder does Vegas have odds on when Google will kill this app. steelew google says they want to simplify and stuff but adding new sms or chat apps doesn't make anything simple. I got my daughter a google voice account so she could use allo on her tablet but they have failed to add the necessary features to make this a stand out app. The bad part is, people like it when they use it and say "man, if just had SMS and multi device support...". I still have it but i haven't used it (except to test this new feature) in a while. I do like & use messenger too but they need to pick one and go with it. It sucks that messenger doesn't have allo's features. Abhimanyu Seth Tried Allo instead of hangout/whatsapp for a while. Allo was fun, but for us, messages were just not going instantly. Sometimes it would take 10 minutes for a message to be delivered. Many times message would be read, but Allo wouldn't show it as read. And 90% of our group conversations were always just hitting the smart replies. :) It was just too buggy with even the basic functionality. Gave up hope of ever using Allo! Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 10 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 127 queries | 0.662s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
serach × Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home States Kerala Even Google could not resist their APP-etite By Unnikrishnan S  |  Express News Service  |   Published: 25th May 2017 01:40 AM  |   Last Updated: 25th May 2017 06:23 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email Anoop Balakrishnan, Arun Ravi and Nikhil Dharman THIRUVANANTHAPURAM:  “What’s for dinner?” A common question but the answer has not always come forth easily. The endeavour to find a solution to this has earned three flatmates in Kochi several accolades - tag of being one of the most promising startups in the country, a place in the prestigious Google Accelerator Program and even a global giant like Samsung has integrated this technology in their smart refrigerators. RecipeBook developed by three BTech graduates - Anoop Balakrishnan, Arun Ravi and Nikhil Dharman - received international attention owing to the increasing appetite for artificial intelligence in the tech world. This app helps the user to find recipes from the items captured on mobile phone camera.  The app has already seen over 25 lakh downloads after the it received Google Editor’s choice tag - a first for an app developed in India. Since it’s part of the Google Launchpad, the team members will be able to discuss their product and get suggestions from Google CEO Sundar Pichai at the company’s headquarters in Mountain View, California.    “We are the first in the state to be selected for Launchpad Accelerator Program. Globally 24 startups get the selection,” said Anoop. Apart from receiving $50,000 as equity-free funding (around `35 lakh), the team will get a chance to work closely with Google for six months. This includes access to Google engineers, resources and mentors during and after the programme. Now, the startup is in talks with one of the biggest retail chains in the world for developing technology helping users to choose required product from the store. As a finalist of the coveted American seed accelerator programme - ‘Y Combinator - RecipeBook is shifting its base to USA. With the help of $420,000 angel funding, the RecipeBook core team of 6 has been expanded to 15. Anoop said the company may hire 100 more in a year’s time if it bags more orders from US-based companies. The computer science students of the Sree Narayana Gurukulam College of Engineering in Kochi started their entrepreneurial venture after their final year college project in robotics. “Kerala Startup Mission supported us with working space, patents and travel,” said Anoop. The A-Listers from India Edge Networks - HR solutions FastFilmz - App for South Indian movies IndiaLends - Credit underwriting RailYatri - Passenger’s content O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Gallery My world is my Bond - A look at James Bond 007 Roger Moore's acting life Maharani Gayatri Devi - She charmed us with her intelligence and beauty arrow Videos How to make delicious mango phirni India's pampered pets lap up new health treatments arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 77 Plus 1 on G+ 344 Share on Facebook 126 Share on Twitter Total Shares547 News Phone Reviews Pixel Pixel XL Article Contents 1 The hardware 2 Battery life 3 Display, audio, and wireless 4 Camera 5 Performance and software 6 Value 7 Conclusion I have been using the Google Pixel XL for six months now. Not continuously, mind you - I have taken breaks here and there. But after using the Galaxy S8+, the LG G6, and the OnePlus 3T, there is only one phone I've instinctively found myself returning to, and it's this one. Google's Pixel isn't without its flaws; in fact, it has a great many I can cite with ease. The Bluetooth connectivity sucks. The back of the phone has very obvious wear rub. The glass window scratches easily. It's not waterproof. 'OK Google' hotword detection breaks for no apparent reason, necessitating a reboot. The fingerprint scanner is slower than what you'd find on a number of competitor devices. The value proposition is mediocre at best. The screen to body ratio pales in comparison to phones like the G6 or Galaxy S8. And you can't even buy the damn thing. Why do I keep picking up the Pixel time and time again, then? Am I just a brainwashed Google fanboy (don't answer that question)? The answer is consistency. In the nearly seven years I've been doing this, I have never used an Android phone that has held up so well to the tortures of time. The Pixel XL feels nearly as smooth as the day I began using it six months ago. Android glides along with best-in-class touch latency and a responsiveness that feels immediate (if not manic) and satisfying. It's not just performance, either. My battery life remains largely predictable, too, and largely very good. The camera continues to impress with its swift launches and ease of use, and it produces the most consistently excellent results of any smartphone camera I have ever used. HDR+ is easily, for me, the best smartphone camera feature out there. Oh, and even if the fingerprint scanner is a bit slow compared to some, at least the damn thing is easy to reach and reads consistently. Is the XL worth $770 to pick up today? I don't really think so, let alone $870 for the 128GB version we all actually want. And honestly, I have a hard time seeing the point of the smaller 5" model at $650 right now, that just feels like lunacy. The XL offers better battery life and is far from "big phone" status in terms of actual usability - it's really the only one of the two that warrants consideration, in my opinion. With that, let's dive in to the details. The hardware Put the Google Pixel XL next to a Galaxy S8+ and you'll have a pretty hard time finding much to love about Google's phone. 2017 is ushering in a new era of smartphone design language and packaging, and the Pixel XL clearly hails from the period prior to that shift. To be fair, it did come out six months ago. But there's no doubt that from an industrial design point of view, the Pixel is aging fairly rapidly. The 5.5" Pixel XL is nearly as tall as a Galaxy S8+, but the latter has a 6.2" display. Line up the bottom of the S8's screen with the Pixel XL's, and it becomes apparent just how much more panel Samsung has managed to shove into a frame that is only a few millimeters taller. Granted, this does have ergonomic consequences (the S8+ is unabashedly more difficult to use one-handed than the XL because of the screen's height), but I think it's safe to say most of us want more screen where we can get it. I still think the Pixel XL is perfectly nice to hold and like the texture of the aluminum opposed to Samsung and LG's new glass-heavy designs. I also still believe the fingerprint scanner is in the ideal location, unlike the Galaxy S8, which has the most frustrating one in existence. The position of the camera makes accidental smudging less likely, too, and I really like the perfectly flush look Google was able to achieve with the glass window. Visible wear lines on the casing In terms of wear and tear, my XL has... not fared well. The finish on the Quite black model I have here has begun to very noticeably rub off in areas where the aluminum chassis is slightly more raised than others. You could remedy this with a skin, but I personally like this phone totally unadorned. Otherwise, though, it's held up well - the buttons are still fine and I don't notice any real physical problems with the phone aside from the aforementioned finish wear. Just don't drop it in the toilet. Battery life As I said in the introduction, it's consistently good. I always have a pretty clear sense of how much time I've got left when I'm really starting to push my XL to the limits of its longevity. If I'm having a Wi-Fi heavy day with lots of using the phone for browsing the web and texting, 5 hours of screen-on time is doable. If I'm away from home and largely on LTE, I can pretty reliably get 4 hours of screen time assuming it's not stretched over much longer than a 12-hour period. For a full 16-hour day away from wall outlets and going it on mobile data alone, 3 hours is what I generally end up managing. This probably won't impress many of you with Xiaomi, Huawei, or Exynos-powered Samsung devices, and I understand that. But the thing about the Pixel has been just how well I've been able to learn what I can expect in terms of battery performance based on the conditions I'm using it in. I know I can throw in a bit of tethering and Bluetooth streaming without completely obliterating the battery, for example, if I'm at 60% halfway through my day and won't top up till later that evening. My range anxiety with the Pixel is exceptionally low, even if it doesn't offer the very best battery life of any smartphone. Would I like the next-generation Pixels to have larger batteries? Yes, please. Relying only on software to ensure a good power consumption experience is missing half the equation (and I'm not saying that's what Google did). Stuffing even a few-hundred more milliamp hours of capacity in there can be the difference between a dead phone and one that gets you back to the charger at the end of the night. Always fit a bigger battery when you can. Display, audio, and wireless The Super AMOLED Quad HD display still looks bright and crisp, even if the new panel on the S8 is clearly a cut above the part Google is using on the Pixel. Even so, I think the screen is one area where the Pixel XL earns its $770 keep, as there really aren't many phones out there you're going to find which are considerably better in this regard unless they have "Galaxy" inscribed on the back. On the audio front, I found the Pixel's bottom-firing speaker mediocre at the time I reviewed it, and I find it mediocre today. Sadly, it's not getting much in the way of competition, either - both the G6 and S8 have speakers that are at least as unimpressive, if not worse in certain respects, and I hope Google can at least give us that quasi-BoomSound using the earpiece speaker on the Pixel 2 this year. The headphone jack offers performance in line with most Snapdragon 820-series devices and thus isn't the best candidate for pushing your high-impedance cans, but I find it perfectly serviceable in the gym even at high outputs. The quality is there, even if this generation of Qualcomm parts didn't offer as much power as audiophiles probably would have liked. One of my biggest gripes about the XL is its Bluetooth performance. I have used three separate Pixel XLs, and all of them have absolutely terrible Bluetooth signal. Even think about touching the phone in the wrong spot, and the music stream to your headphones or car will cut out. It is absolutely obnoxious. It doesn't matter what kind of headphones, speaker, or car A/V unit - it sucks with anything I've tried. Even walking around with the Pixel XL in my pocket connected to a pair of Bluetooth headphones results in cuts every single time I step up a stair or rest my hand against the pocket the phone is in. The 7.1.2 patch has done nothing to alleviate this issue. It's borderline embarrassing: I have had the Pixel XL corrupt the Bluetooth profiles on my car three times. Each time, the only solution was to factory reset the infotainment unit. I had to factory reset my car. No other phone has ever done this to me, though since the 7.1.2 update this hasn't happened - yet. Wi-Fi performance, on the other hand, has been quite excellent for me, and LTE signal is at least as good as most other phones I tested in 2016. Now that I'm on Verizon, I'm even getting some HD voice calls, which is such a huge upgrade in terms of the call experience. But seriously, Google: get the damn Bluetooth right next time. Camera I can't stop taking pictures with the Pixel. I love this camera. No more words: just photos.     Performance and software Aside from the aforementioned Bluetooth problems, you know what I find so wonderful about the Pixel? I rarely really get annoyed using it. Apps load up at consistently quick speeds, the OS always feels snappy and responsive, and the touch latency is positively iPhone-y. Like your finger is truly controlling the elements on the screen. The home button and back key respond lightning-quick, in a way that almost starts to make them feel like real buttons. I struggle to really convey how right Google got the basic "interacting with the phone" stuff here. What they managed to do with the Pixel will only make the Pixel 2 that much better a phone, and I will be clear: I do not feel this way about the Galaxy S8. The Pixel feels incredibly natural and pleasant to interact with. There are still hiccups, delays, and little areas where things just don't feel as smooth and seamless as they should on the S8. Google nailed this. No other phone I've used has. Is the Pixel as fast in a straight-line speed sense as a OnePlus 3T? No. But counting fractional differences between the number of seconds it takes to load an app or how long before it's pushed out of memory are not methods that convey an experience. They tell you a couple of very specific things under a controlled circumstance. In practice, I simply find the Pixel the most consistent and smooth Android smartphone I've ever used. But, it does have some usability issues. For one, my 'OK Google' hotword detection breaks basically once a week, necessitating a reboot. I use this when in the car, and so it's very, very inconvenient when this happens. Rebooting the phone takes a good minute-plus, and then it has to reconnect to my Bluetooth (which is never guaranteed to work). This is probably something to do with the Google app, but it's annoying nonetheless. Other than that? I struggle to find anything about the software that I really dislike. Most of my frustrations come down to third-party apps, not the Pixel. And those are annoying on any phone I use. Value When it debuted in October, the Google Pixel XL cost $770. The one you and I actually want, the 128GB model, cost $870. Six months later, the Pixel XL still costs $870. Is it worth it? Hah. No. The successor devices to the current Pixel family will be unveiled in the next five or six months. There is absolutely no good reason to shell out what, with tax, amounts to nearly a thousand dollars for this smartphone. You will absolutely regret it the moment Google announces the Pixel 2 - I guarantee you. Do not buy a Pixel right now. In fact, I'd say just don't buy a Pixel period anymore, we're just too close to the next iteration for that to be remotely sane advice. Conclusion So, that's weird, right? I can't even recommend that you buy what is easily my favorite Android smartphone currently on the market? What kind of long-term endorsement is that? That's because for all its problems and limited availability, the last six months I've used the Pixel have utterly proven to me that Google is capable of building a smartphone that, from a user experience standpoint, rises above the competition. Google's unmatched ability to optimize the way Android and the underlying phone parts interact is very much a reason I love this phone so much. A smartphone should get out of its own way when you use it - it should be an effortless canvas upon which your fingers and eyes naturally engage and interact. That means it should be fast. It should be consistent. And it should just feel right to use. I know that some of these things don't really translate well into concrete assessments, but there's something about the Pixel that really just works for me so well. It's as close to my ideal smartphone as I've ever been. I'm hoping that Google smoothes over some of the rough edges not just with the phone, but with the whole experience of buying and owning it. Why is is to hard to buy a Pixel? It's positively ridiculous just how bad Google has been at keeping this phone in stock. I also think it's hard to ignore that in 2017, the Pixel's design language and overall look and feel are clearly behind the competition. This looks like yesterday's smartphone, and even on the day it was announced it was kind of hard to really fall in love with in an aesthetic sense. At best, it's just kind of boring. Post-purchase experiences should improve, too. Google's online and live chat support are very-just-OK, and what I've heard of the RMA process hasn't been super reassuring - full price credit card holds and iffy-quality refurbished replacements. Of course, that's what happens when you're in the online-only phone sales business. Still, Google should be working to streamline defect, warranty, and accidental damage claims in a way that makes it feel like the nearly-thousand dollars you spent on your phone is going into supporting a thousands-dollar-phone experience. They really also need to stop making crappy cases that are obscenely overpriced. Google made a great phone when it built the Pixel. Now Google needs to be a great phone company. I'm curious to see if they can pull it off. Tags google pixel long term review google pixel review pixel long term review pixel xl long term review subscribe ... Previous Story Looks like Honor is honoring its promise, the 6X is supposedly getting Nougat sometime this month ... Next Story 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Jeff Beck So... I shouldn't buy the best phone you've ever used. David, you are hurting my brain! David Ruddock you really shouldn't though Jeff Beck Well, Pixel 2, hurry up and get here then. My 6P is losing longevity and running super slow these days. Just can't bring myself to overlook the Samsung FP scanner or I might have settled for an S8. Tr3ple I'm warming you don't do it. I settled for a s7 edge after my 6p, big mistake OhYeah! I made that mistake with the Galaxy S3 and then the Edge 6. Both were disappointing and much worse than my Pixel XL. I love the Pixel! Dean L I got used to my S8+ fingerprint scanner after about a week. I absolutely love the position now, and never touch the camera anymore. Carson Saldanha Throw in free banana splits and you've got a deal! ;) Rickinbsb pick 2 Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "My 6P is losing longevity and running super slow these days." I see people say all the time that it's Samsung phones that always get slow over time. Intellectually dishonest people, I guess. sweenish They can both be right, you know. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yes, I believe they're both right, depending on various factors. My Note 4 is running better than it did with Lollipop, and a little slower than it did with KitKat. It probably has at least something to do with the Android version and what apps you install on it. My point was that it's intellectually dishonest to pretend it's a Samsung problem, as if it's unique to those phones. And that's how the people frame the problem. sweenish And you were just framing it as "not us, but them." Not better. If I misread your intent, I apologize. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ You did misread my intent. No problem, though. Treeburgerface It's Android that's the problem. Some Android phones get slower than others. Some Android phones lag more than others. But eventually they ALL get slower and they ALL lag. I've heard 1000 people swear that Android is "silky smooth" and "fixed" now over and over again, before "project butter" and long after and it's still not true. It's certainly improved, which you should expect with the 3 Ghz 12 core processors and 8 GB of RAM they are packing in them now, but at this point I kind of doubt Android is ever going to be quite as flawless in the GUI department as other OS's which were designed to prioritize touch input and treat the users finger like God they way they should and which prioritize reliability over ultimate capability. Just depends which set of sacrifices you are more comfortable with. Ismail Akram Well that totally sum up a perfect phone for me :) Just add Powerful AMP in that Ghisy This, times a million! And also a cheaper, not overpriced XL with at least a 5.7" screen. Then Google can have my money. Meanwhile, I'll be keeping my Nexus 6P. Rod "My 6P is losing longevity and running super slow these days" I don't get this. How is it running super slow all of a sudden? Did you fry half of your board or something? My 3 year old phone performs exactly the same way as when I first unboxed it. Try running in safe mode, because there's probably a rogue app in your end. ClikFire _ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/842173829c88496d628fe9ecdf0b77f65995d3ca89cb1a2d93e7896ad2c760f1.png likurges but..but I taught that stock android can't be slow Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It can't. Stock Android is always buttery smooth. Even when it isn't. Louis Smith I'm in the same boat. Sold my OP3, Loved the phone, but someone else wanted it. I just kept on going back to my N6P. Hopefully the next one will be the same size as the 6P Matt He wants to be exclusive. He's a jealous Pixel lover. David Ruddock IT'S FOR ME John Doe No one else can get it anyways :) Ramonalelmer My last paycheck was $22500 for working 12 hours a week online.Start earning $97/hour by working online from your home for few hours each day with GOOGLE... Get regular payments on weekly basis... All you need is a computer, internet connection and a litte free time... Read more here !sl434c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs724MarketGiftGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sl434c:....,........ Johny M Picture of David thinking about the Pixel XL https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0e76f4acdf634420ff78e6df6d85f5617cd96d755d67b67977b33f4ce1db4bc4.gif Ruthabenoit My last paycheck was $22500 for working 12 hours a week online.Start earning $97/hour by working online from your home for few hours each day with GOOGLE... Get regular payments on weekly basis... All you need is a computer, internet connection and a litte free time... Read more here !sl192c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs482ShopSmileGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sl192c:....,........ Sean Opinion: Even if you can, you probably shouldn't buy a Google Pixel anymore............. David Martrano I'll take my edge over the pixal Any day. I've never had the loss of a Bluetooth connection. Plus there always backordered. I tried to purchase back in December and Google told me I had a 60 day wait. I said OK and moved on. When you lose consumers to me that's not good business! Either have them in stock or lose money! senor_heisenberg It's a Google product, so I'm not even surprised. Just a weird company. ericshmerick Yesterday: don't buy this POS Today: I love this phone lulz Daishi And in both articles he said not to buy the phone. It is advice. He explained himself quite well with several caveats. His point is valid. There is no real reason anyone should buy this 6 month old phone for its introductory price, even if the phone had no flaws. Bob Thank you. Rod You should. However, you'll need to time travel back to the launch day. Tr3ple Incoming triggered Sammy fanboys.... OligarchyAmbulance "WUT?!?! What do you mean your Samsung lags? Mines *never* lagged! It runs as well as the day I bought it, you *obviously* have a defective unit!" username_not_valid I feel the need to factory rest a device several times a year anyway, Samsung or not. David Martrano Totally agree, my edge has never lagged. Purchased over a yr ago. Just as fast as the day I bought it. Plus with the Nouget update even better! deadpenguins My fiance's gs7 is less than a year old, yet it *constantly* lags and hangs up. She has to restart it at least once every few days and has to charge it twice a day even though she barely uses it! See how useful anecdotes are? OligarchyAmbulance Woosh Jermell Howard Jr Lol funny and true but lets be hone st Google in the Smartphone world is like France and Samsung is like the U.S. Jeff Beck I'm not sure who that comparison favors. Jermell Howard Jr The U.S is a world superpower and France is not. Samsung is much bigger in terms phone market share Winston But Samsung doesn't have a loud CEO who tweets in all caps during his morning bowel movement. Jermell Howard Jr 😂 ok? King_Android 😂😂😂 xyz Yeah, they just have a better education and healthcare system, and higher quality of life statistics. But America does have a lot of big, shiny bombs. I'll give you that. My name is…. Or triggered "im not a victim" people. Fuck the overpriced pixel that phone is a joke. Marty Nah, still not biting. Me no like HTC. "I have a hard time seeing the point of the smaller 5" model at $650 right now, that just feels like lunacy." I'm one who prefers a smaller phone. Had Apple included an FHD display on the 4.7" iPhone 7, I'd be sporting one with a Cheshire Cat grin. RyRyTheFunBun I think that Apple did the right thing by sticking with just an HD display on the 4.7. Good density with less of hit on battery. But if they wanted to make the phone thicker.. rockon999 I just bought one. Honestly David, 6 months is a long time to wait to buy a new device (Pixel 2). My Moto X is done for and I wanted a good phone. What can I say. At least I don't use Bluetooth and don't mind cases... Paladin27 I just bought one... 4 weeks ago and got it yesterday. Great timing on these two articles, AP. :-/ BUT, My Nexus 6 is dying and I needed something new. I weighed the options, my wife even has a G6, but I'm glad I got the Pixel XL, and besides, it will be 8 months before anyone actually has a Pixel 2 in their hands. whispy_snippet I wouldn't worry at all. Both of you. You got what in my book is still the best phone you can get. Not the best in every single way, but the best in the ways that are arguably the most important. JDC Great article @rdr0b11:disqus. Fair and balanced. I feel the same way about my Pixel. I also have the fun time of explaining to friends and family why my Pixel is the best Android phone I've used BUT they shouldn't buy one. I personally can't wait to see what improvements are made to the Pixel 2. mwolverine I have an OP3T, and one thing i don't get is how is the user experience on the pixel superior? Both are running nearly stock Android and are very consistent. Tr3ple You'd be surprised how much better the Bexel XL actually is compared to the 3t. Granted the 3t is the best bang for the buck out there. Duder12 It's more fluid and smooth. What don't you understand? Ismail Akram Have you used Pixel for yourself for month or for a week? I had OP3(not T) and came to Pixel XL. One thing very obvious to me when switching was smoothness between the two. Pixel animations feels more natural. and scrolling feels so smoother, its not massive difference and normal users can't even tell the difference, until he have used so many phones. then Software update thing is really awesome on Pixel. Camera is best for me on Pixel. Display is also great. In term of looks I prefer OP3 more. well IMO if Pixel have better design it would be even better for me. BTW I hear people have a lot of issues with OP3T touch latency which OnePlus improved but not gone. people don't even notice these latency things until they use phone with less touch latency. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Given that you admitted many (but not all) of it's faults, if that's the best phone you've ever used, you've set the bar incredibly low. crackcaffeine You sound like you know a lot about this topic. What is the best phone you've ever owned? Inb4 Note 7 Grahaman27 "It's the best smartphone ever but don't buy it!" Which half of this is bullshit? Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Neither, if you read and understand the context. Grahaman27 A new phone probably launching in 6 months (that we know nothing about) is not a valid reason to not recommend buying a phone. Tr3ple It's an opinion you know? Jarrett Lennon Kaufman If that were the only reason he stated in the article, I might agree with you. Again, read and understand the context. MJ Did you consider reading the article and trying to understand the words? David Martrano That's like saying do as I say don't do as I do! Suicide_Note I'm just grateful i haven't experienced any issues with the Bluetooth on my XL. Keith Stefanec Me neither. Sean Me either CF542 You guys are lucky. I'm on my second Pixel and still have Bluetooth issues. Not as bad as the first unit but still a problem. Love the phones​ though Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I frequently see comments by people who say they're on their 3rd or 4th Pixel. It makes me wonder how many of those 2.1 million Pixels HTC shipped are replacement phones. David Martrano When the day comes when they sell 50 million pixals, please let me know. It's a great phone for a limited audience! Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "Limited audience" -- I couldn't have described its fans better than that. Tom Takumi Okamoto Google should buy OnePlus to improve them as a phone maker. NexusKoolaid How did that work out for Motorola? Tom Takumi Okamoto Not well. I don't think Google wanted to be a phone maker at that time because the Nexus program was still on. If I'm not mistakin it acquired Motorola just to protect Android from lawsuits. Knowledgeborn Allah The entire basis of your argument kind of falls apart when you admit that you can't recommend for anybody to buy it, and I think that's because of the Pixel's main problem: it's overpriced, underpowered, and unsustainable on Android's current platform. The fact that it'll be DOA by 2019 just makes it worse. Could I recommend that people buy the Pixel XL right now (if they could get their hands on one anyway)? Nope. Could I recommend that OnePlus 3T? Yes, definitely! The S7 Edge, which is OLDER than the Pixel? Yes! There was even an article I read today with reviewers STILL recommending people to buy the iPhone 6s Plus to save money, and that device came out 2 years ago! When compared to those devices, the Pixel just doesn't hold up, which is why I don't think anybody would recommend it today, only 6 months after its release. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ They expected to sell 3 million by the end of 2016 and 7 million more in 2017. HTC has shipped about 2 million since it was released over 6 months ago. 'nuff said. whispy_snippet Can you provide references for these assertions? OligarchyAmbulance The reference would likely be his anus. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google "htc shipped 2.1 million pixels". For comparison purposes, Sony shipped a total of 5.1 million Xperia phones in Q4 2016. And that was a drop of 33% year over year. whispy_snippet That's not a reference. That's some words inside double inverted commas. Tr3ple https://www.google.com/amp/m.gsmarena.com/google_has_already_sold_21_million_pixels_report_says-amp-24270.php whispy_snippet Thanks for this. But it only states the amount of Pixels sold, being 2.1 million. I haven't seen a reference where Google officially states "they expected to sell 3 million by the end of 2016 and 7 million more in 2017." A statement like this sounds like horse shit to me. There's no way Google would be foolish enough to make a specific target like this available to the public. In other words, Felonious Monk is almost certainly bull shitting. Again. Tr3ple He wasn't bullshitng lol http://www.digitimes.com/news/a20161006VL200.html whispy_snippet "Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers." Tr3ple pocketnow.com/2016/10/06/google-pixel-smartphones-4-million-sales-forecast whispy_snippet Are you even reading the articles you're referencing? Once again, nowhere does it say Google "expected to sell 3 million by the end of 2016 and 7 million more in 2017." He's bull shitting because that's what a bull shitter does. Tr3ple Google never said that, that's your boy up there paraphrasing. Either way they predicted the phone to sell quite a lot. And it is. whispy_snippet He's not paraphrasing. He's manipulating information, being deliberately misleading, and bull shitting. Completely. Tr3ple "Digitimes Research's Taiwan Mobile Device Tracker - HTC's handset shipments are expected to reach 6.5-7 million units in the second half of the year, up less than 10% from 5.8-6.1 million units in the first half." whispy_snippet So is the digitimes research device tracker establishing projected figures based off their own analysis or from direct statements from Google and/or HTC? OligarchyAmbulance So you know how many phones Google expected to ship because you made it up and it's now a fact? lol Alright, buddy. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Android Authority: "Report: Pixel shipments could hit 4 million this year" (2016) "Morgan Stanley: Google on track to sell 3 million Pixel devices in 2016, 5-6 million next year" Google it for yourself. Randy Gindy Googled. Found several sites that reported Pixel sales already being 2.5 million. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Cool. No sources, but I'll trust you. Maybe by the end of 2017 they'll hit the projected sales target for the end of 2016. Randy Gindy Where were your sources? Randy Gindy Xperia is a pretty well known brand already in several markets. The Pixel brand hasn't had much exposure aside from the couple models of developer oriented Chromebooks and Tablet. I wouldn't assert that because an established brand sells better than a brand that just really started that it makes it a bad phone. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Xperia is a great example of a failing phone in the US, at least, which is why I used it as a comparison. "You may as well pretend Sony doesn’t exist in the U.S" https://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/why-sonys-xperia-phones-keep-failing-in-the-us/ Randy Gindy It maybe a failing brand but it is established. Tr3ple Just shut it, ill recommend a pixel over all these phones you mentioned, s7 egde won't get anroid P, I can guarantee you that. Until you've owned and used a pixel XL you shouldn't comment on it. tim242 It is HTC trash. Tr3ple Yeah we get it, you don't own one. tim242 Why would I? Hardware issues galore. Not to mention, the stock problem. Tr3ple Lol as i thought, move along. tim242 Deflect much? It is well documented trash. Tr3ple Hahahahahaha, like I said move along tim242 You can't deny it, so you deflect. You must be a trump worshiper. Jeff Beck Well, that escalated quickly. Richard Dennis Yea... yea.. we know you're here you're queer get used to it.. Next! Safe circles, safety pins, and pink hats for everyone.. (Paid for by the government of course) tim242 Damn str8! Knowledgeborn Allah Fanboyism at its finest... The Pixel is not a good buy compared to any of those phones, and I DO have the Pixel XL. I know from experience that it's overpriced, underpowered, and unsustainable with Android's current system. 🤦🏾‍♂️ The S7 Edge probably won't get Android P... And? Based on the chart just released (scroll up), most other Android devices probably won't get Android P either, at least not until "Android R" is out. Lol! Tr3ple Judging by what you said I doubt you have a Pixel XL. Yes it's overpriced, just a lil. If somebody don't care about the price, yes pixel is definitely a better buy Knowledgeborn Allah What kind of sense does that make? It's a "better buy" if you don't care about the price? 😳 Like I said, it's overpriced for what it is. Tr3ple yes plenty of us don't care about the price, it makes plenty of sense. Pfft Knowledgeborn Allah The idea of being a "better buy" contextually includes the price. The fact that the Pixel is overpriced for what it is automatically means it's not a good buy. And again, that's coming from somebody who bought the XL variant at launch. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The OP3T and Axon 7 are much better buys. Knowledgeborn Allah Absolutely! Tr3ple No, the idea of "better buy" is a combination of EVERYTHING. Software, camera, build quality, reliability etc.. and let me tell you that the pixel is in fact t the better buy, only phone on that list I think MAYBE might be a better buy is the 3T, but the camera and battery life are ok not great, but for the money yes. Knowledgeborn Allah Yes, everything, INCLUDING the price. Again, the fact that it's overpriced means, contextually, that it's not a good buy. This shouldn't be that hard to understand. whispy_snippet I don't think it's over priced at all. Knowledgeborn Allah You don't think it's overpriced, being identical in price to the iPhone? I've heard other people make that claim, and yet they believe that the iPhone is overpriced... What's your view regarding this? Do you think the iPhone is overpriced? What does something being overpriced mean to you? whispy_snippet I guess I should rephrase. It's not over priced when compared to what it's competing with. "Over priced" is a bit of a relative term. It doesn't hold a lot of meaning. What is over priced to one person might be a steal for another. I think you can make the argument that compared to other phones the Pixel, iPhone and Galaxy S8 are all expensive. But over priced? That's a murkier discussion. Knowledgeborn Allah I agree, but I think status plays a role in pricing when it comes to other manufacturers. Samsung and Apple both have established brands, and people are willing to pay top dollar for their devices because they've already proven themselves. Google isn't in this same position in the smartphone hardware department. Also, I'd say that both lines - e.g. Galaxy S series and iPhone - offer much more in the way of unique features and premium hardware than what Google offers with the Pixel. But that's just my personal perspective... whispy_snippet See that's where I'm not so sure. The Pixel still has the best camera of any smartphone and an amazing display to back it up. Straight away it's hit two areas out of the park that matter to most people. At launch it had a class leading SoC that continues to offer great performance. It has plenty of RAM. Rock solid build quality. A super fast and accurate fingerprint sensor. USB-C (remember the GS7 didn't which was Samsung's 2017 flagship) with fast-charging and excellent battery life. It has the most capable voice assistant. It's got the latest version of Android and what I believe to be the best overall user experience for most people - it's consistently fast and smooth, unlike anything from Samsung, and will receive timely updates for much longer than the competition. The Pixel is the iPhone of the Android world and I think it has a market to fill. Do I think the Pixel 2 needs to be better? You bet. No one is denying this. What phone doesn't need to be better than its predecessor? If the Pixel 2 doesn't at least have waterproofing and a higher display-to-bezel ratio critics will hold them to account. But I'm pretty sure these features are a guarantee. The thing is, and I've said this elsewhere, I don't really consider a lot of the hardware bells and whistles we see from the likes of Samsung all that meaningful. The curved display is a gimmick. It looks great, but I'm not at all sold from a functional perspective. The same with the new 18:9 ratio. For a mobile device I consider one handed usability important. Reaching the notification pull-down with one hand is already a no-go on the GS8 and its fingerprint sensor is another ergonomic mis-step. And a heart rate sensor? Who on earth uses this? Same goes with its iris-scanner and face recognition. Why use these options when a well positioned fingerprint sensor is more convenient? It's all just guff. Bullet points for carrier salespeople to sing about in store. I think waterproofing is a biggie though. Google can't drop the ball here. I also think wireless charging is going to become significant if Apple introduces it to their new iPhone. We've seen Google offer wireless charging in the past and then take it away because, well, I don't think that many people really cared. But I sense the tide is going to turn on this. Google's phone is priced the same as the iPhone and Galaxy S because it's being positioned as a premium product. I hate the word "premium". It's huge BS when you really think about it. But ultimately this is the strategy Google is taking with its new phone. A high margin, high performing, premium flagship for the masses. I think the best of the Pixel line is yet to come. Knowledgeborn Allah I also think the Pixel launched with a lot of good qualities and features, and that's why I rushed to purchase it. However, around the same time, I bought an iPhone 7+, just to give iOS a fair shot. Now that I've used both devices, I think it's a huge mistake to call the Pixel "the iPhone of the Android world". In reality, it doesn't even come close, and that's where the problem comes in. The iPhone is Apple's primary device when it comes to sales, but it can almost be seen as an accessory to other Apple devices, like the Mac and the iPad, etc. The Apple ecosystem allows all their devices to work together seamlessly through Continuity, and this is something Android can't replicate (at least not at this point in time). The Pixel may look similar to an iPhone, but it definitely doesn't function like one. And yes, I know that Samsung (and carriers) puts a bunch of bloat on their devices, showing off features that many people will never use. The difference, though, is all about opportunity and selection. Samsung built an entire brand around giving their consumers more than they'll ever ask for, and that's what keeps those customers coming back. I don't know anybody who uses that heart-rate sensor on the back. When I see it, I think, "Why wouldn't they remove that and use the idea of the heart-rate monitor to sell more Galaxy Gear smartwatches?" I just didn't get it... But, hypothetically, if somebody ever ends up in a situation where they need a heart-rate monitor, Samsung has them covered. I learned that firsthand when my nephew was taken to his school nurse due to an asthma attack, and the nurse didn't have a heart-rate monitor in her office. Her assistant pulled out his Galaxy S7 Edge and used the heart-rate monitor on there to relay it to medical services when they arrived. I know, that would be a generally rare occurrence, but it happens from time to time, enough for people to consider what would happen if they didn't have it. Personally, I don't think Google has enough "skin in the game" at this point to really charge that much for the Pixel. Apple and Samsung have proven brands in the smartphone space. Tech reviewers giving it high marks isn't going to matter too much among average consumers, because most people just aren't interested in technology to that extent. They just want something that works, and works reliably. Google hasn't demonstrated the ability to make hardware that just works reliably (unless you count the Chromebook Pixel line, which most people didn't buy either). It's always better to start at the bottom and work your way up, than to start at the top and get knocked all the way down. Sean Everyone on here KNOWS you dont have a Pixel or a Pixel XL......but troll on......... Knowledgeborn Allah "Everyone on here" knows what I have? Seriously? You're an idiot. 💩 Knowledgeborn Allah I find it quite funny that anybody who criticizes the Pixel is automatically labeled a troll, a hater, a sheep, etc. How ridiculous! ¯_(ツ)_/¯ Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ After Marshmallow, I stopped caring about new Android versions. I'm almost afraid to get a Nougat phone, given there have been so many problems with it. As for O and P, I'll let you Pixel users alpha test it and then decide if I care about getting it. Knowledgeborn Allah 😂😂😂 I actually bought the Pixel XL mostly because I've had every Nexus device since the Nexus 4. I thought it would be a great device, but I was disappointed. It's not horrible, but it's definitely not worth the price. And, to be honest, I haven't really used it consistently in months. I use it occasionally to access the Google Play Store, but that's about it. My primary device nowadays is an iPhone 7+, and it's miles ahead of the Pixel XL in almost every way. Alex Louderback "DOA by 2019" is a contradiction, my friend. Knowledgeborn Allah If we're talking about release timeframe, you're right. But there's a big difference between when a device is released and when it's in the hands of the consumer. Last time I checked, the Pixel XL variants are still out of stock, even though nobody's buying them. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman DOA means "dead on arrival," which was Alex's point. It can't be DOA by years from now. Knowledgeborn Allah That's cool and all, but that's not a counter argument... OK, maybe "DOA" wasn't the best terminology, but the points still stand. The device, today, 6 months after its release, is still too flawed to recommend. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Stop comparing it to an iPhone. No other Android phone should be purchased six months after its release either. Only iPhones have that status because they have no competition within themselves. Within Android, after six months, there's another king of the hill. But I wouldn't recommend a Galaxy six months after its release, or ANY other model of Android phone. Knowledgeborn Allah "Stop comparing it to an iPhone"? 😳 Google released the Pixel devices to directly compete with the iPhone! If they can't do that, then why are they matching it in price? If the product is devalued already, then Google needs to drop the price. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Put a fake button on the huge chin and it would look exactly like an iPhone. That's no accident. Sean You and Knowledgeborn Allah should have a troll off competition.......... Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Because your point has NOTHING to do with the Pixel, and EVERYTHING to do with Android as a whole. The reason the Pixel's not a good value proposition at this point is because it's competing against all other Android phones, which together are competing against the ONLY iPhone. You can't compare them in this regard. Period. Also, there's no point in comparing them because if I wanted an iPhone I'd own an iPhone. I don't. In which case I'm determining the best Android option. Right now, someone who isn't buying an iPhone, shouldn't buy a Pixel. That has nothing to do with the iPhone and everything to do with the competition in its own space. Knowledgeborn Allah That's not true. Every Android device isn't designed to directly compete with the iPhone, but that's exactly what Google tried to do with the Pixel. So, yes, they can definitely be compared. Just because the Pixel doesn't stack up doesn't mean that it shouldn't be compared. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Android, as a whole, is designed to compete with the iPhone. While the Pixel has to compete with both the iPhone AND all of Android. "Just because the Pixel doesn't stack up doesn't mean that it shouldn't be compared." You're not reading or comprehending my words if THAT was your takeaway from what I said. Not bothering anymore. Knowledgeborn Allah Android as a whole? Android is an operating system. Its rival is iOS. You're positioning the platform as if it's completely one-sided. The iPhone has to compete with various Android devices too. It just happens to have an ecosystem of hardware to aid it along the way. You're acting like an Android OEM can't do the same thing if they put in time and resources. Based on the fact that Android manufacturers are only pushing out hardware components for smartphones (and occasionally tablets and smartwatches), I'd say their biggest competitors are other Android OEMs, not Apple and iOS. For the record, the LG G6 wasn't designed to compete with the iPhone. It's competing with the Galaxy S8. The HTC 10 was competing with the G5 and S7. It's never been an Android vs "Apple ecosystem" thing on the manufacturing level. The only OEMs who actively try to compete with the iPhone are Samsung (S and Note lines) and Google (Pixel line), and it looks like Huawei is just starting to build up their consumer base in the West to do that too. The others are generally competing against other Android OEMs. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Your first paragraph made my entire point for me: Android manufacturers', including Google, biggest competitors are one another, *not* Apple and iOS. But ANDROID's biggest competitor is iOS, which has only ONE device line: the iPhone. The Google Pixel, while it may have been designed as Google's attempt to battle the iPhone, doesn't exist in a vacuum. It's still ALSO doing everything from the first paragraph: competing against all other Android manufacturers. No matter how much Google may *want* to break out of that, their wants are irrelevant to reality. And the reality is that the Pixel is one of many Android phones, all of whom are competing against one another, the sea of which is competing against the iPhone. So how well the Pixel stacks up against the iPhone isn't relevant, as it's not the focus of this article or the reasons for David's position. WITHIN the Android ecosystem, it's simultaneously the best Android phone he's ever used (same here) and not a good idea to buy it right now BECAUSE OF THE REST OF ANDROID and NOT for any reason having anything to do with the iPhone. For anyone who wants to buy an iPhone, which is a massive number of people, there is absolutely no competition, allowing them to charge anything they want. For anyone who wants Android, there's an endless sea of competition, making the Pixel's price and specs within the refresh cycle a much harder sell right now. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The headline is, "Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used" not the best Android phone. I assume he meant Android phone, though. Still all smartphones compete with one another. And if the Note 8 is disappointing, I'll definitely consider getting an iPhone 8. Because the best smartphone (for what I want and need) is what matters to me, not the best Android phone or even the best (insert OEM here) phone. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Cool. We have different priorities, which is fine. I couldn't use an iPhone. Apple products and their ecosystem don't fit my needs. So I'm looking at *only* Android phones. So it's entirely a matter, at any one time, of what the best *Android* phone is. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I thought I couldn't use an iPhone, too. But I've used an iPhone 6S Plus now, and it's really quite a good phone. Even the display is better than I thought it would be. And that's quite a compliment coming from someone (me) who will never use anything but AMOLED. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman I have to use them for my clients sometimes. They're fine. They work well. I'm still too embedded in Google's ecosystem in ways that don't make switching feasible. Knowledgeborn Allah I get your point... I still think there are certain ways around that, especially considering Google's vast amount of resources. But yes, I see how that could definitely be a problem. They could still salvage the Pixel line, though, by providing standout features like Samsung does, or by undercutting their competition with their pricing like OnePlus does. I think either of those could work fairly well. The notion of putting standout features in their devices could be a challenge, since their devices pretty much serve as a template for Android as a whole. Undercutting the competition would be easier, and that's what Google actually did for years with the Nexus program. I think that's the big "bust" factor for them. If the Pixel could be purchased for $450-500, it would still be a good purchase even now, just like the OnePlus 3T. But it's really hard to justify paying $800 for the Pixel while the Galaxy S8 and G6 are on the scene. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman They already went for standout features. They made a big push to be more "opinionated" with several software and UI customizations, along with their big hardware push. The difference is a huge number of the Galaxy standout features just aren't that compelling. That's the sort of stuff they skipped. Knowledgeborn Allah When I mentioned standout features, I was talking about exclusive ones. The Pixel doesn't really have any. They marketed the phone as having the "best camera on a smartphone", and that's turned out to be a debatable subject among people depending on their perspectives - whether they like realistic colors or oversaturated photos. The Google Assistant is now available on pretty much every Android phone, just like the fingerprint scanner gestures. The hardware from the front looks strikingly similar to the iPhone -which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it leads people to question why they should get an iPhone lookalike, when they can get the real iPhone for the same price. The display is decent, but it's not even as good as the one on the Galaxy S7. Google ditched stereo speakers for a mediocre mono speaker. Pixel Imprint is noticeably slower than the fingerprint sensors on many cheaper offerings. The Pixel launcher was all the rage, until pretty much every third-party launcher started adding many of its features into their custom launchers. To make matters worse, the device is almost always completely out of stock online and unavailable to purchase through carriers. And those are just basic factors. Add to it the fact that Google just published an EOL report for the Pixel, solidifying the point that it'll stop getting Android OS updates in less than 2 years from now, and people are going to say, "F**k that!" That's why, personally, I think they should drop the price and salvage what's left, unless they really don't care about selling them. whispy_snippet Price and value are not intrinsically linked with "premium" products. You don't just drop the price on a product you're trying to position as high end because it's gotten a little older. You're only going to tarnish its reputation. A major reason why many people buy high end premium products is BECAUSE they're expensive. Marketing 101 mate. Phones are modern day status symbols. I remember when the Pixel launched some people scoffed at the price and said "well I'm just gonna wait for Google to discount it in a few months". I tried to tell these people that it wasn't going to happen and that the best "bang for buck" time to buy the Pixel was actually launch day. And here we are, months later, and the Pixel is still being positioned as a high end premium product. And believe me, it'll still be priced at the high end right up until the Pixel 2 launches. Apple have long been the masters of pricing their products at the high end of the market despite cheaper alternative offering features that savvy buyers demand. But look how well Apple has done. Billions of dollars in the bank thanks to sales in a product often considered a step behind the cutting edge. If you want a cheaper phone with certain features important to you, get one. There are countless options. But give up on the idea of a cheap, affordable Pixel. It's NEVER going to happen. Knowledgeborn Allah I'm not disputing that. You're correct in saying that many people buy high end products because high prices give the illusion of inherent quality. The problem, however, is that the Pixel is competing against the iPhone, and it hasn't worked. In fact, it can't and won't work. There aren't any Android OEMs who can realistically compete with Apple. They may design devices that compete with the iPhone, but they can't compete with Apple. Why? For starters, continuity. When you buy a Pixel device, you're buying a product. When you buy an iPhone, you're buying into the Apple brand and ecosystem, where all their devices, ranging from the Apple Watch to the Mac to the iPad, iPod Touch and Apple TV, and even AirPods and Beats wireless headphones, all work seamlessly together. Secondly, you're buying into the Apple Store and it's customer service benefits. Thirdly, you're buying into Apple's update cycles, which come directly from Apple to all their devices instantaneously and average around 4-5 years of support. The list goes on and on. Google isn't naive. They have their own ecosystem, but it's centered around their software and services, which you can get on practically any device. They don't have a hardware ecosystem. They knew what they were getting into, and they took a chance by trying to compete directly with the iPhone in pricing. They also see that it's clearly not working, so it's time for them to adopt a new strategy. If they actually want large groups of people buying their devices, which I'm not entirely sure they do, they either need to have standout features like Samsung Galaxy devices (which they don't), or they need to lower their prices. Right now, lowering the price on the Pixel is the only way they can salvage it. whispy_snippet I disagree on many levels. You don't establish yourself as a hardware company overnight, and you don't establish a product's premium reputation overnight. Yes, Google doesn't have the same hardware ecosystem Apple has at this stage. But they've now got skin in the game that matters most - phones. All of the products you listed from Apple don't come close to the significance of the phone. Many will never own an Apple TV, a MacBook, or Airpods. But almost everyone owns a phone - and we don't know where hardware is going to take us next. Maybe in a few years time tablets will be dead, everyone will be using hybrids and home assistants will be one of the most important gadgets in our lives. Who knows? The point is just because Google doesn't have the same suite of products as Apple doesn't mean they won't one day, or that they won't be the company that leads the pack in the hardware that matters tomorrow. Further to this, just because the Pixel lives in an ecosystem different to the iPhone doesn't mean it can't be a success in its own right. Google is known for its class leading services. What happens if it starts gradually making these hugely important and much loved services - like Google Maps, Google Drive, YouTube, Google Photos... even Google Search - Pixel exclusives? It sounds improbable - almost impossible! But it serves as a reminder of how powerful and influential Google is in the services EVERYONE uses, Apple customers included. Google entered the hottest fight in consumer tech and delivered a hugely impressive smartphone on its first attempt. It wasn't perfect, but it bettered the competition in a number of important ways. Who knows what Google has in store for the Pixel 2, 3 or 4? They're in this for the long haul. You can't expect the Pixel to sell like the iPhone and Galaxy S in its first, second or perhaps even third iteration. But as time goes by, the Pixel will stand shoulder to shoulder with Apple and Samsung's best in the minds of the average consumer. There's too much at stake for Google to sit this one out. Knowledgeborn Allah I think you're missing my point... I'm not saying Pixel can't be a success. It definitely can be, but Google needs a better strategy to make that happen. When you're competing against a company that has a structured, proven hardware ecosystem that seemingly locks users in, you have to do something extraordinary to break them out. Samsung is doing that by releasing groundbreaking smartphones. OnePlus is doing that by undercutting flagship devices via pricing. What's Google doing? The idea that Google has leverage because of their services is naive at best. Google isn't going to make their services exclusive to the Pixel or its brand because they make too much money from their portals. If they restricted YouTube to the Pixel, everybody would switch to Vimeo or something else, and Google's stock would plummet. The same goes for pretty much all their other services too. The only leverage they have is in financing, and that's very comparable to Apple anyway. In fact, I think Apple may actually be worth MORE than Google at the moment. In reality, Google will never try to conquer the hardware space. Services are their moneymaker, and the more devices they can attach their web services to, the better it is for their bottom line. That's what it's really about, at the end of the day: money. The Nexus program was more popular than the Pixel, even though there was far less advertising for it, because Google implemented a strategy of undercutting their competition. They probably thought that meant people just loved their devices and decided to launch a "premium" product. In reality, one of the main selling points of the Nexus line was its affordability. The Pixel doesn't have that, and that's why it's not selling. Again, they need to undercut their competition in pricing, or they need to implement standout features that are exclusive to the Pixel. I see those as the only sure ways to salvage the disaster that is the Pixel line right now. whispy_snippet Maybe grab yourself a cup of tea... “I think you're missing my point... I'm not saying Pixel can't be a success. It definitely can be, but Google needs a better strategy to make that happen. When you're competing against a company that has a structured, proven hardware ecosystem that seemingly locks users in, you have to do something extraordinary to break them out. Samsung is doing that by releasing groundbreaking smartphones. OnePlus is doing that by undercutting flagship devices via pricing. What's Google doing?” But is Samsung making ground breaking smart phones? Is Apple? No one is doing anything especially impressive at the moment. A larger display is a nice to have, and I've no doubt everyone is going to follow this trend, but it's not what I'd call “ground breaking”. The same applies to hardware features like wireless charging, stereo speakers, or dual cameras. All nice to have, but merely extensions of core concepts of how we use our phones. So what? I think Google has a unique edge through its ability to leverage its vast swathes of data and machine learning to create personalised services that no one else can. They’ve been leading the game in key areas of software and services for many years now. That’s not to say Google is perfect of course, but take mobile photography for example. With the Pixel, Google was able to enter the phone market and best the competition first go through software expertise. And look at Assistant. It’s way ahead of Siri despite Apple getting the major head start. Google Chrome is the leading web browser. Google Maps is the leading mapping service. Google Search is so dominant in our lives that it spawned the phrase “just Google it”. Smartphone hardware has just about reached conceptual maturity but software and services are absolutely ripe for further innovation. And if I had to bet on which company has the greatest potential to revolutionise this space I’d bet on Google. Not Apple, and definitely not Samsung. “The idea that Google has leverage because of their services is naive at best. Google isn't going to make their services exclusive to the Pixel or its brand because they make too much money from their portals. If they restricted YouTube to the Pixel, everybody would switch to Vimeo or something else, and Google's stock would plummet. The same goes for pretty much all their other services too. The only leverage they have is in financing, and that's very comparable to Apple anyway. In fact, I think Apple may actually be worth MORE than Google at the moment.” Of course Google isn’t going to flick a switch overnight that takes all its services away from non-Pixel users. I’m not suggesting this would be any sort of sensible strategy. But it’s not hard to see Google making certain features of these services Pixel exclusives as a first step. Let’s picture ourselves a couple of years from now. Hypothetically speaking, what if Google started giving Pixel users access to “YouTube Sports” for free? Or what if they gave Pixel users 2TB of Google Drive storage for free? Or what about unlimited uploads to Google Photos for free? ...wait, they already do this. What about exclusive access to the Google Assistant? Wait, they did this too in the launch stage of the Pixel! Can you see what I’m getting at? In the coming years, as the Pixel gains further traction in the minds of the general public, Google will be better placed to leverage its strengths and make the Pixel a value proposition no one else can offer. Imagine all of the above I’ve listed, and more, only available on the Pixel? Google has a huge advantage on the cloud service side of the equation - an advantage that I think is going to prove increasingly valuable in the coming years. “In reality, Google will never try to conquer the hardware space. Services are their moneymaker, and the more devices they can attach their web services to, the better it is for their bottom line. That's what it's really about, at the end of the day: money. The Nexus program was more popular than the Pixel, even though there was far less advertising for it, because Google implemented a strategy of undercutting their competition. They probably thought that meant people just loved their devices and decided to launch a "premium" product. In reality, one of the main selling points of the Nexus line was its affordability. The Pixel doesn't have that, and that's why it's not selling. Again, they need to undercut their competition in pricing, or they need to implement standout features that are exclusive to the Pixel. I see those as the only sure ways to salvage the disaster that is the Pixel line right now.” Google is trying to conquer the hardware space right now. Chromecast, Chromecast Audio, Google WiFi, Google Home, the Pixel, Daydream, Chromebooks, the hiring of Rick Osterloh as SVP of hardware - there’s evidence of Google’s push into hardware everywhere. But you don’t usurp hardware empires like Apple or Samsung with the click of the fingers. This is a long game, one that is going to rage for years to come. If Google continues to develop the Pixel at the same rate it’s developing its services (and by all indications this is Google’s intention) its phone will be a formidable force sooner than you think. The unrefined, “rushed” gen-one Pixel won critical acclaim from tech sites and bloggers everywhere - for example Android Police, The Verge, and MKBHD all rated the Pixel one of the best smartphones one could buy when it launched. Labelling the Pixel line a “disaster” is as laughable as it is bizarre. Clearly it’s selling well as Google is having huge trouble keeping it in stock. And yeah, part of this is because Google is botching its supply train, but teething issues were to be expected. The message to take home from these issues is that there’s a demand for Google’s first phone. It is selling. Not at iPhone or Galaxy S levels, of course. Not yet. But anyone with a reasonable appreciation of the smartphone industry never expected it would. But I would definitely expect the Pixel 2 to sell better than its first gen sibling. Onward and upward. You’d be foolish to underestimate the second most valuable company in the world. Knowledgeborn Allah You're making some really good points... But I highly doubt Google is not trying to conquer the hardware space. They may be merging themselves into the hardware space, but dominating it? That kind of growth would eventually make them a virtual monopoly! They'd be shut down before they reached that point. There can be groundbreaking features of a device without them revolutionizing the way we use our devices. Based on your presentation, the only groundbreaking device on the market would be the BlackBerry KeyONE, since that literally changes the way someone would use their smartphone, at least a modern one. And, by the way, I'm not calling the Pixel a disaster in and of itself. I'm talking about its sales figures when compared to its competition. It's a pretty good device. I've had several issues with mine, and it's been far from perfect, but it's definitely not horrible. However, money is what matters at the end of the day. It's priced in the same range as the iPhone and Galaxy devices. Yet, it hasn't sold in numbers even remotely comparable to either of those. That's what I meant by it being a "disaster". whispy_snippet Apple has long dominated hardware. Why wouldn't Google aspire to be in this position one day? Why would Google be stopped when Apple wasn't? If Google sees an opportunity for growth that they're confident they can exploit they're almost obligated to go for it and provide returns for investors. Google may not ever reach a dominant position but I've no doubt its long term goal is to dominate. Just on the Pixel's sales figures, I'd reiterate that looking at gen one sales compared to the iPhone or Galaxy S is pointless. It really is. It's certain that many people still don't even know that the Pixel exists. What we need to keep an eye on is its growth. Will the Pixel 2 sell more than the first gen Pixel? Will the Pixel 3 do the same again? Will this growth be at the expense of Apple and Samsung market share? Just watch this space. I'm expecting it will definitely keep doing better in the years ahead. But it's going to be a fight. Knowledgeborn Allah I also think that the Pixel will see growth, year over year, at least initially. It's not going to be easy, though, regardless of Google's resources, because they're still going up against Samsung in the Android space. Personally, I think Samsung is going to crush the Android smartphone space for years to come, and there's not much Google can really do about that. The competing spaces, at least right now, are reserved for iOS and Android, and Samsung has gotten the dominant position in Android to become Apple's biggest competitor in the smartphone space. It took them years to get there, and I highly doubt they'd let that position be handed over to Google. The Pixel will be in a better position to secure the dominant position in the Android space if Samsung decides to start using their Tizen OS. Until then, Google will be fighting an uphill battle against Samsung, and they'll pretty much always lose. whispy_snippet We'll see won't we. Knowledgeborn Allah Indeed. Daishi Stop comparing it to an iPhone. Interesting point. When it comes to pricing the Pixel(s), they shouldn't be priced like an iPhone. Google doesn't have the nationwide support systems in place like Apple does. This is an argument for Apple's pricing for their phones. Why should the Pixel be priced as such without the same services??? Jarrett Lennon Kaufman They're at nearly the same level of services. Warranty replacement was intensely simple. Pricing is what it is. I can't argue it one way or the other. Reason was primarily to appear to be in the same class. It's psychological, and there's merit. But the entire point of this article was NOT that the iPhone is the better buy, which is why the comparison makes no sense to make. Daishi How are they at the same level of services? Of the 490 Apple stores in the world, the United States has 269 of them. Each offers not just sales of Apple merchandise including Macs, iPods, iPads, iPhones, Apple watches and Apple TVs, but service them at each one as well. This is the level of services I am talking about. Where are all the Google Stores where I can take a Pixel phone for servicing?? Google does not have this level of support anywhere in the world, so why should they price their gussied up Hold This Cat 10 phone like an iPhone??? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Because it was designed to look like an iPhone to make people believe it was worth what you'd pay for an iPhone. And it has G on the back. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Because, again, the warranty replacement process *without* a store is insanely simple. Simpler, since Apple generally requires you to rely on a store, and there are massive swathes of the country not near them. Also, you left out the word "nearly" to support your strawman counterargument. They're NEARLY at the same level. Also, you're lumping in unrelated things. We're talking about the Pixel, not the entire Android ecosystem. What other devices Apple supports through a store is irrelevant. And you can bring your Pixel to a UBreakIFix store for support, as well, FYI. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ They're out of stock because nobody is buying them. I've seen comments about how they can't find them at Verizon stores. That's because Verizon only stocks phones that they can expect to sell. That's basic business sense. Knowledgeborn Allah That makes a lot of sense... But what about the online Google Store? Google won't even make them available to purchase online, as if HTC isn't even making them anymore. MattBoan I run a cell phone and computer repair shop. I wouldn't recommend a S7 Edge to anyone at this point in time. I'll sell you one if I have it in stock, but as far as "I'm thinking about getting a new phone, what do you recommend?" Absolutely not. I don't care how good a deal you might be able to hunt down through a carrier. My old Nexus 6 on PureNexus runs absolute circles around every single S7/S7 Edge that has come into my shop. That probably wouldn't hold true against the international version, but the US variant? Plagued with the same damn lag issues every Qualcomm-powered Samsung device eventually suffers from. I do agree with you about the OnePlus 3T (minus the fact that it is GSM only and around here you need Verizon for coverage) and for non-enthusiasts I'd recommend the 6s/6s+ over the 7 any day of the week. Kevin Aaronson Goddamn, those Bluetooth issues sound nightmarish. I would loose my mind! QueenLuLu So much this!!! I completely agree with this article. I currently have a Pixel, OnePlus 3T and LG G6 and despite all the great qualities the other phones have, I find the Pixel to be the most enjoyable and "complete" Android device I've ever used. And believe me, I have pretty much used them all! I want so much to love my G6 more, but it's impossicant. Better specs or no; the performance and be usability of the Pixel is awesome! I really hope Google steps up with the Pixel 2. If they did, I think it would really give this industry the kick in the rear it needs. whispy_snippet Great read as always, David. But I'm just wanting to ask some questions on the Pixel's Bluetooth performance. Is this just based off your own personal experience or have you got some data to indicate this is a widespread problem? I own a Pixel and use Bluetooth all the time. I listen to podcasts and music over Bluetooth headphones on my daily train commute, I sometimes use my portable Bluetooth speakers outside when I'm having a BBQ or a coffee on my deck, and my 2017 Subaru Impreza has Android Auto - which as I understand uses Bluetooth to transmit audio. Has there been the odd hiccup? Sure. But on the whole Bluetooth performance with my Pixel has been perfectly fine. No stutters, no disconnections, no nagging drop outs and relatively quick connection times. Obviously this is just my personal experience, but if I'm reading your review correctly, the problems you mention seem limited to your experience also. Maybe your accessories and not the phone are the main culprit? I just think Bluetooth sucks in general, personally. Taco Monster At least with my Mazda 3, my wife's Z3C is much much more reliable than my XL, which craps out a lot (see my other comment on this thread). I've found it to be okay with speakers and BLE devices like our August lock. whispy_snippet Hmm I'm a little sceptical about Mazda and their reputation for mobile consumer tech. They're still not officially onboard with Android Auto and Apple Car Play - instead they're still pressing their notoriously buggy and clunky MZD connect in-house system. I'm speculating, but they seem a bit "head in the sand" if you ask me. thetimmysmalls They recently announced Android Auto and Apple CarPlay to come to most of their Mazda Connect systems... At some point. whispy_snippet Yeah I did see that. Promising. But we'll see. Brian Wolters When the Pixel first came out, it would often lock up and sieze my car stereo system to the point where I actually had to turn the car off for 2 minutes and then get it back on. It was frustrating to say the least. With the recent updates to the Pixel, I've not encountered this. whispy_snippet Nasty! What car do you have? Brian Wolters 2016 Jeep Cherokee with Uconnect. It hasn't happened since recent updates. It was so bad, I used another phone until it was known it was fixed. My name is…. Damage control??? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google could draw a picture of a phone in crayon and sell it as the Pixel XL 2, charge $1,200 for it, and most web magazines would rate it the best phone of 2017. It's self-preservation. And then once you've done that, you can't admit you were wrong. That would not only be embarrassing, it would be biting the hand that feeds you. Tr3ple But do you have one Johny M It's called Appleing it. me me It's the 7 stages of grief after the Nexus 5. Wondering when the press stop writing words about the once-was-interesting Google products. Keith Stefanec Never experienced any of these Bluetooth problems that were mentioned. Single downward speaker sucks. Hopefully, the Pixel 2 will have a bigger screen like the Nexus 6. wjrandon Did you Google make you guys post this? I bet they did!!!! Taco Monster For your Bluetooth woes in the car, at least with my Mazda 3, force stopping Bluetooth Share under Apps does the trick for me. I've even set up a Tasker profile to do this automatically every 12 hours. 😤 I figured this out after resetting the car to factory settings a couple of times. Grey I think these phrasings are disingenuous. My Nexus 6P is the best smartphone I've ever used - it's bigger, it's thinner, it's faster (though I am currently sucking all the RAM out of it and it's constantly freezing up - but my Nexus 4 did that too) than my Nexus 4. That doesn't make it a phone I'm happy with. There's features missing I'd like to have. There's design choices I disagree with. Saying "This is the best phone I've ever used" doesn't at all mean "This is a great phone". Jeff Beck When you have used pretty much every mainstream Android device ever, as David has, it's not a bad compliment. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman ...it kind of does mean that, actually. Unless literally every phone you've ever used is utter crap. But considering who's writing the article, he's used pretty much everything. "Best phone I've ever used" does translate to "this is a great phone." 4Ui812 That picture is so apropos for the title of the story. (If you don't know what I'm trying to say you can ask) brenden gonzalez Loved the article David I agree I got the the pixel from Verizon pre-ordered it and got it the day before I went on sale I've recommend the pixel to everyone I know my parents switched to them my brother and sister did to and I got some friends to switch to it as well and we all love the software experience it's so amazing!! Best phone I've ever owned it's also the longest I've ever owned a phone in 2016 before the pixel came out I had 6 new phones in a year and never did I find one that I liked and wanted to stay on I've tried them all to HTC to Samsung to even apple and LG and sony and I can't put the pixel down! I can't get a new phone even after seeing the s8 I would recommend and buy a pixel any day over the S8 Plus I no like edge on screen hell no!!!!! I would break it and be mad so that phone is too breakable for me! Nigel Antonio I kinda agree, accept I haven't ever gotten any bluetooth issues, i've been in a case since day one, and I don't see wear and tear on the back panel.... I recommend this phone to everyone, but don't go buying it now unless you have an extra 1k burning a hole in your pocket then go ahead.... but I await the next version of the pixel xl 2017, should be dope. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman A few thoughts/counters, in both directions, from my own experience: 1. I have had NONE of these Bluetooth problems you described with any device, including several different headsets as well as my car. I can travel notable distances from it, work out with it, and no disconnects. BUT, I have a Pixel, not an XL. Could that somehow be a factor? 2. Warranty service, for me, was exemplary. Yes, there was a credit card hold, but I'm used to that for advance exchanges. Otherwise it was a 10-minute process via chat, the replacement arrived in two days and was flawless, and thanks to the overall Pixel backup/restore process, the transition was painless. Easiest warranty exchange ever. Also, she allowed me to decide, on my own, to skip going through a factory reset as we both felt I'd done enough of my own troubleshooting. 3. Now the bad one: my Pixel freezes on me semi-regularly. On the one I replaced it was sometimes several times a day, but on the replacement, after about two weeks of use, it's as much as once a day, as infrequently as once every two days. Full-on hard freeze necessitating holding the power button until it reboots. NOT good. Never had this happen before or anything like it on a previous phone. Clearly, if it survived the warranty replacement, it's an app causing it. But how can an app consistently freeze up the entire system to this degree? What's not preventing that? And why is there no easy way to troubleshoot that? This is really bugging me and is the only thing damaging what's an otherwise stunning, stellar phone that's my favorite of all time. Only other disappointment for me is not having an XL which is what I wanted at launch, but the store approved me for just under enough money to get a 128GB XL. I had to choose between 32GB XL or 128GB non, and 128GB was (and still is) more important to me. But I'd rather have the better battery life and higher-res screen for VR. Still, all-in-all, and especially if I can resolve the freezing issue, this is the best phone imaginable, and its limitations are nothing compared to its heights. But yeah... at this point, wait for the next one if you're buying a phone now. Toby Beveridge I have the 5" Pixel with the daydream VR headset and I don't have any issues.. the screen is good enough for me.. way better than my note 4 or s6 Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Cool. Not for me. The pixel density is a serious problem for my enjoyment. Ismail Akram I have bluetooth issues he mentioned and I use Airpods with my Pixel XL.. so I thought its Airpods problem with Android(cuz I rarely use that with iPhone) About freezing it happened to me when I was on beta but after beta I don't remember freezing on Pixel XL ( but it was annoying in the start and I was so dishearted ) I recently had to sell either iPhone 7+ or Pixel XL (so I can buy S8+) and I sold iPhone 7+ :-p cuz iPhone is so easy to get Niall Murray I have the same freezing problem. Often my phone will unknowingly reboot in my pocket too. gizak No BT issues here either and I use BT in my car and headphones daily. As for your freezing, I experienced this too... after some extensive google searching, I narrowed it down to an app or two causing it. Mainly, any older app that uses your GPS periodically to poll for your location. Check apps that use GPS and haven't been updated since the latest version of Android, they may still be accessing the GPS directly instead of asking the android system for location (the newer more efficient way). Wendy By "latest version of Android", do you mean any app that hasn't been updated to Android 7+ software? My phone has been freezing every few days or so, so I'd like to try this suggestion. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Are you talking about the Pixel? I'm curious if these apps freeze other phones with Nougat. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Wouldn't this mean that every other phone running Nougat would freeze up when running these apps? Have you heard of anything like that? gizak Hmm, ya, you would think so. I'm not a code monkey, so this was just a hunch. The forums I came across linked it back to a family locator app causing the freezes and mentioned GPS access as the culprit. For me though, it was the WebMD allergy app that periodically polled my location to provide pollen count that froze my Pixel up daily. When I uninstalled it, my freezes seemed to go away. Wendy I'm getting the freezing error as well. I've requested for a replacement, so I'm hoping that will solve the issue. It's been freezing every so few days or so, not as frequent as yours. motoridersd The only odd Bluetooth issues I have had with this phone are related to it turning off randomly, and it has only done it a handful at times since I got it 6 months ago. I can put the phone in a drawer, walk into another room at the other end of my house, and I get no audio dropouts. Works perfectly fine in the car too. The only time I've had annoying dropouts has been in crowded airport terminals where there are a ton of competing 2.4 Ghz signals interfering and I have the phone in my pocket on the opposite side of the receiving circuitry of my BlueBuds X. Even then, it's a quick blip and it returns. Bluetooth IS much worse with The Dash, but that thing has its own issues and it happens with any other Bluetooth device I use. Maybe the BlueBuds X just have great performance that make up for the Pixel's shortcomings. Jordan I have the regular Pixel 32GB on Verizon. I have had absolutely none of the issues you describe, though Bluetooth is weak, in that if myself or my dog are in the direct line of sight between the device the speakers/headphones, it will cut out. But I have had no issues with the bluetooth in my infotainment in my car (my S6 & S7 did make me reset it a few times, however). Other than the locked bootloader (-_-) it is the perfect device! whispy_snippet A friend asked me the other day whether he should get a Pixel. I said yes. Most "normal" people don't want to wait around for months to see what the next processor is, or whether the screen on the next generation of phones has a slightly better display to bezel ratio, or whether the fingerprint scanner is going to be on the front or back. They just want something that has all the apps they use and works well. The Galaxy S8 has more hardware bells and whistles than the Pixel, but if history is any indication, the Pixel is going to be much nicer to use over the life of both devices. And ultimately, user experience trumps everything if you ask me. Especially for the non-techie. King_Android And it's a good thing they don't read the AP site either. David is speaking to his audience i.e. us nerds, not normal every day consumers. disastrousrainbow Exactly this. Having worked at Verizon for many years, giving Joe Consumer the tech enthusiast viewpoint on why they shouldn't go with a phone that's a few months away from being replaced rarely worked. More so if they were replacing a damaged or lost phone. In a situation like that, I would wholeheartedly recommend the Pixel over any other phone right now point blank dot com. Even with the S8 out. Of course, this would only be the case if they said they wanted, say, the best camera around. Or wanted a reliable software experience, etc. Those keywords would instantly bring the Pixel to mind, and I wouldn't feel bad about sending them off with one because 9 out of 10 times when the next model comes out, they will really not care, especially if their phone is still working well. When it comes to your every day man, it's not the tech enthusiast you should be listening to when recommending something, but rather the needs of the person you're trying to help. Midnitte "When it debuted in October, the Google Pixel XL cost $770. The one you and I actually want, the 128GB model, cost $870. Six months later, the Pixel XL still costs $870. Is it worth it? Hah. No." Google is insane if they think a phone holds on to value that long. Considering all the high profile phones that have released after it, you'd think they would consider a price cut. MJ You have never taken an economics class huh? Supply and demand ring a bell at all? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ That's why you can't buy one. No demand, no supply. MJ I think have seen you troll enough on AP now. BLOCKED Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ LOL!! K77bkny Loooool people getting emotional over this bullshit device.... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/649f431458908833d91263af6250ee8fbce01c1c6c9d7ca37827b1f65883a97e.gif Midnitte Six months sounds more like supply chain problems, not supply and demand. It's absolutely ridiculous that we're months away from the Pixel 2 and the Pixel 1 still costs $870 in the face of the Galaxy S8 and G6. Like the article, why would anyone recommend the Pixel 1 at $870 today? MJ It is a supply chain problem but that's irrelevant. The fact is the supply is not meeting the demand. Why would Google reduce the price on the phone? People are still buying it at that price regardless of what David, you, or I think about it. Cowboydroid After using a Pixel for several months, it is an insanely overpriced device. The only reason I own one is I got a great deal on it. Comparable performance and hardware can be had for less than half or even a third of the price. Sean People who write such things NEVER actually have a Pixel and are just haters. Those of us that actually have a Pixel (or XL) think they are superior to any phone we have ever owned........thanks for playing. Tr3ple You're so right about that. Cowboydroid Writing this from a Pixel XL right now, fanboy. Why get so emotional about a device? Debanjan Chowdhury I have been using alot of smartphones​. I used the OnePlus 3t, Nexus 6p, iPhone 7 plus, and even I have received the galaxy s8 plus yesterday. And I can surely say pixel xl will still be my daily driver. I am not a fanboy. I always support which works best for me. Yes, if Samsung had opted for a better camera, bigger battery and better fingerprint scanner position, I would have changed my daily driver to s8 plus. Good camera, snappy performance and stock Android are the priorities for me. And my pixel xl gives me all of these things. The Samsung galaxy s8 plus still has just little bit of hiccups here and there. But pixel xl, smooth 60fps all the time. And receiving updates at the earliest and it's unique update system works amazing for me. I would be really happy if it was water resistant. But I can't change my daily driver for only one benefit because pixel xl provides me dozens​ other benefits than my Samsung galaxy s8 plus or s7 edge and​ my iPhone 7 plus. Ismail Akram I had Oneplus 3 and I found Pixel XL to be more smooth and feels better than Oneplus. beside I love monthly security updates and loving that I can try android O( which I already did) and that Camera is really awesome. I think when Huawei can sell phones over $700 why not Google. (I would love if it was cheap but overall experience justifies that money for me) JD Man you need to raise your standards Sean Opinion: Even if you can, you probably shouldn't buy a Google Pixel anymore Winston David: Am I just a brainwashed Google fanboy (don't answer that question)? Yes. No. Probably. Maybe. Unlikely. Believable. Not sure. I'm a rebel. Andrew I know it's nitpicking but. I think you missed an 'us'. 'The Hardware' section, 2nd paragraph, last sentence. "...but I think it's safe to say most of want more screen where we can get it." Vivek Rameses Nobody is buying that piece of shit anyway. This is laughable. AndrewGM Good review, although if it's really the best smartphone you've ever used, then isn't it worth the premium price? Personally, I'm willing to pay another $100 or so for a phone I will use often, every day, for a couple of years and really enjoy using. The extra money in the end is nothing. I bought a used Pixel on eBay, so I saved about $50, but I really like it and am happy to pay a bit extra. The camera is great -- better than the iPhone, which I switched from. ddevito Remember when Android Police was an honest unbiased, tech savvy site? Alex Completely agree. Best phone I've ever owned, by far. Smooth as butter. Google just needs to work on their audio apis, along with other stuff. chumpatrump ive had a p6 huawei for 5 months and its feckin awesome. android like its meant to be - fast, stable, solid, easy to use, 36 hour charge TechGuy22 It's fine for what it is. I like mine. I still prefer my s7e over it. Maybe pixel 2 will better Vic Chai Was Nexus 6P your number one choice? Jon I've only ever connected to a Bluetooth speaker but never had a single Bluetooth issue ever.. Captain On! To whomever has a problem with the "don't buy this phone" line: if you're going to spend nearly $1000 on the Pixel, you're shortchanging yourself by not waiting less than half a year to spend the same amount on an upgraded device; you'd just be flat-out fiscally irresponsible. The 1st Gen Pixel will be a fine purchase after the Pixel 2 comes and the Pixel 1 goes on sale. At that point, it's fair game. You can save money and get a good experience, or you can pay more and get a great experience (relative). kaladdin I have had the Pixel XL since the launch. Yes, it is overpriced but the software experience alone makes it the best Android phone. P.S. I have never had any issues with the Bluetooth. Jago1908 Sorry, I just wasted some time here. I have my Moto X Play for one year now and it feels just as good as the time when I bought it. You're not selling it well. Give us a bit more. You're just leaving it personal. I prefer to use a cheaper phone that is as consistent as the Pixel. There are plenty. Come on! AhmedAlalfy Well why am I surprised ! A site as big as Android Police has to still suck it just not to piss off a company like Google. Well you could have deleted your (opinion article) better than making a fool of yourself like that. I know you said it's a good phone but these two articles in this order are just wrong. Be a man and stand for your words next time or just don't talk if you're afraid you're going to piss someone's off. I'm sound like hating I know but that's how I see it anyway take it or leave it. … I have a regular pixel.. it's awesome. Very consistent. Zero issues. No Bluetooth issues either, and the range is far superior to the Galaxy s7 we have to, so is the audio quality. Almost all his complaints I have never experienced, maybe it's a pixel xl thing? Idk.. and my battery life, is amazing compared to every other phone I have owned. I use a fair bit, and it lasts full day, usually still have 35-40% by 1am.. I stream music on and off all day, apps, surf, video.. usual stuff. No issues with slow finger print scanner either. It's bloody instant. I've owned Windows phones, and many "high end" android phones, and the pixel is the most reliable, most consistent phone I have had. I would buy again hands down. I'll take a product that just works right every time over bells and whistles. Yes make improvements, of course, but it really is the best overall phone I've ever used. Amit Raj I have been using the XL for about the same time...aside from the Warcraft struggle to get the phone, I agree with everything pointed out here. I do get these odd feelings to switch phones to the S8+ but I have no regrets with this phone. Having come from a flavoured android device (S6 Edge), I can vouch for the Pixel's fluidity, and consistency in performance. The only spite I have is the lack of android releases post 2018. Even Apple updates their devices that are nearly 5 years old. Why can't Google?! I can understand why any of the other ostensible android device manufacturers wouldn't rather can't update their devices to the latest android OS...hell they release devices like Rabbits reproducing. But for Google, come on you come out with 2 devices in a year and you can't give us atleast 4 years of android OS updates...leaving aside this rant, I really think you really get the real experience of having a smartphone...i.e. Android really puts the "smart" in smartphone and running it in its native state and on the Pixel it really outshines any other mobile OS to date...hands down....P.S. the Google keyboard could really get some AI updates for suggestions...other than this and the android OS upgrades, I'm a happy camper... Akshay Mehta Has anyone talked about the unlimited storage available in photos app ? I've shot photos and videos of more than 12GB since I got my pixel xl 6 months back. The camera and a consistent battery has just pushed me take so many photos! Even though I want to switch to s8, I can't. I'll just wait for pixel 2. Even though there have been numerous issues with the phone I still love it! Niero Gonzalez Buy it used. You can get a 32gb pixel for $400 on ebay, unlocked. Probably $300 when the new one is released. Unless you're an Android journalist there's no reason to buy an $800 phone unless you really want to show off your sushi photos Ryan Gray What's killing me is the screen burn in. Go watch a youtube video with a primarily solid color. Buttons and notifcation bar cant be unseen. Alisi Google any phone that has an AMOLED display about burn in. blindexecutioner I prefer the OnePlus 3T to the Pixel I sold. Never thought I would say that but I just don't care for the UI choices Google is making. Having the fingerprint scanner on the front along with capactivie buttons is really nice as well. Debanjan Chowdhury I also have a pixel xl and I love it. Debanjan Chowdhury Triggered Samsung fanboys, incoming. Debanjan Chowdhury I am using a pixel xl too but I never had Bluetooth problems​ like you​. OK Google detection never broke for me. I didn't have to replace it or anything like that. And I am happy to be in India because the low stock issue is not here. blueman24 No way I'm buying a 57k phone. Especially when its available in the US for more than 10k cheaper while still being overpriced. Peter Silie Why do you Keep talking about the 128GB version as the version "you and I actually want"? I wouldn't even know what to do with that much space on my phone. I'm on a 32GB N5X with a s**tload of apps installed and a lot of downloaded Play Music titles and I still got 10GB of space. So no, the version I actually want would be the 32GB non-XL Pixel ;-) Alisi Do you play games? Have daydream? I've already had to do the "you don't have to go home, but you can't stay here" dance several times with my 32Gb. Peter Silie Games: rarely. Daydream: No, doesn't work on the 5X anyway. For my usage pattern 32GB is just perfect, no need to pay the premium money for more storage. Leroy Filon The stock availbabilty is insane. I live in the Netherlands and it's not even out here yet. I drove to Germany back in november to get it. People ask me a lot about my phone when they see my mobile pictures on instagram and i'll tell em it's the Google phone with pride. But it's a shame i can't share this epicnes with fellow owners here in the Netherlands. Michael Sørensen "I rarely really get annoyed using it." Really? "The Bluetooth connectivity sucks. The back of the phone has very obvious wear rub. The glass window scratches easily. It's not waterproof. 'OK Google' hotword detection breaks for no apparent reason, necessitating a reboot (...takes a minut-plus...). The fingerprint scanner is slow..." Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ LMAO... like I said, he didn't even list all of the flaws. If that's the best phone he's ever used, he set the bar incredibly low. I can't even imagine what worse phones he was comparing it to. Maxr1998 Well, G6, S8? They do some things better, but he says the Pixel is better at other things, so in the end it wins. 3223 I dunno about you guys, but from what I read almost all reviewers cannot grasp exactly why it is better than other phones, other than 'it just is'. They can say it is smoother, and faster and all that, but hard data doesn't seem to back up that claim and they rubbish synthetic benchmarks over some abstract claim. I'm starting to see that having a G at the back of the phone, just like an apple logo, may have a placebo effect on its own, bringing people some good vibes, just like nexii phones in the past. Which makes for an interesting read or research as to how brands can affect perception. Jan Ibrahim No. İt's nothing to do with placebo. There are very real significant improvements in touch latency which make a huge difference to your experience. İt's not a commonly spoken about feature or spec, which is why a lot of reviews might not know why the phone feels better. But that's the main thing. 3223 That's the thing. Touch latency is a very common issue on android. And tbh I've been using an HTC 10 which reviewers mentioned when it launched that they tried to reduce touch latency by quite a lot. Additionally if i remember correctly the htc m8 (which i also used before) was regarded as having low touch latency as well. So why is it that when other manufacturers do it, it's kinda swept under the rug but when the goog does it, it becomes the coming of the messiah? You're right though, that there should be more definite tests on touch latency, coz I'll only believe it when I see the numbers.. Theuntje How can you love the camera? Doesn't your main camera sucks in recording video? Looks even like that my front camera is better at capturing video.. Michael Sørensen Can someone please link to a video showing off this legendary fluidity compared to others? Why is it so difficult to actually show when it's apparently oh so obvious? David Newman I'd be interested to see how they compare to the MI Mix, my guess is not very well 🤔 roberto.elena Here is an idea for the next poll: Does David suffer dissociative identity disorder or is he just a troll? 1. Definitely DID 2. Definitely troll. 3. Even if you can, you shouldn't read everything he writes. 4. All he writes, including his personal Twitter, is gospel to me. Peter World Citizen This is the way I see it ... 1. David said don't buy the Pixel now 2. His Google tipster said he/she didn't like what he had said 3. David quickly back pedals with this article :) Kostas 💪🎩 you obviously didn't read it till the end Daishi Or at all... BeholdersEye I don't understand why there is no stereo speakers! Damnit Google, you're​ pushing the damn daydream view vr set then you don't put speakers on top and bottom (left/right in landscape mode), so BS! Google better offer trade-in for upgrade phone! And I certainly don't care for the extremely short software update deadend of only to 2018! We paid big bucks we deserve longer support!!!! Randy Gindy Everyone kind of dropped stereo speakers. Its really been replaced with a half assed version of stereo on some phones. Bottom firing and using the earpiece. username_not_valid I can only assume you havent used any other phone ever then. Nothing else makes logical sense. Jeff This is absolutely one of the worst phones I have ever used. It just had great marketing. For close to $1000 no Ir blaster to control remotes, people complaining about sound distortions, horrible and tedious screenshot capabilities and I don't think it charges fast at all. I'm going back to Samsung as soon as the note 8 is available. Cakefish October can't come soon enough! I need a Pixel 2 for the buttery performance, the amazing camera and the fast updates. Meanwhile, I'm stuck with the Galaxy S7, a great phone no doubt, but one that is showing signs of ageing (oleophobic coating wearing off, a battery that doesn't last as long as it used to and Android updates that come once in a blue moon). glebosotov Nice comment with funny mistype(is that how it's called?). BUTTERY more like battery Alisi Maybe he meant buttery as in smooth? glebosotov Maybe. Anyway, I think that most of us don't speak English as native language, so it's ok Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I don't know if other OEMs have this problem, but I suspect pre-S8, Samsung batteries have been notorious for aging quickly. Even my Note 4 battery died way before it should have. The only good thing is I didn't have to take it to a shop to get it replaced. Patrick Smithopolis The camera and the smooth and consistent performance is why I don't have the urge to get a new phone. someone755 Long-term? Fuck man, it hasn't even been a year. The fact that you need to point out how well it's held over less than half its already limited lifetime can mean only one of two things; Either you're trying to compensate for the fact that the phone isn't as good as you'd hoped it would be (which may or may not be related to its inflated price), or you indeed are a head-over-heels Google fan. For all the shit I defend you against, David, I expected better of you. alcor86 Why the hell don't people put phone cases & screen protectors on their phone? I do that right out the box. Peter Ebenezer I agree, I love the pixel. But every single person I've talked to about it, I've told to not buy it. Purely for the Bluetooth issues. My galaxy S2 I had before this had rock solid Bluetooth but was incredibly old so needed to modernise and was fed up of manufacturers that delay updates by adding bloatware.. The pros outweigh the cons. But the con is a big one... Not to mention the fact they are on about spitting out the next one already... chris My z5 just hit a reboot disaster I picked up a pixel xl 128gb for $950 aus, best phone I've ever used and no dramas with Bluetooth after first week, I was holding out for pixel 2 but didn't make it.. I'm happy with my buy anyway , it's a brilliant phone , buy off eBay not a store and save $300 that's my advice.. What supply issues lol GregAndo Thanks, I have pretty much had every Google phone phone since the Nexus One, and whilst also loved the form factor the Bluetooth issues, Battery issues and OS bugs pushing me to weekly reboots were more than I could handle. So I took the S8+ after the note 7 went back... and skipped the Pixel XL. So glad I did, I had the same issues and they infuriated me in the end. When Google finally gets the build of Android out that focuses out these bugs...I might go back. Tool then i am happy with the S8+ so far, I hope it is more reliable. Keg Man Waiting to hear from the note 7 owners. Most of us thought that was the perfect phone despite the one manufacturing defect Kakairo This matches my experience with the Pixel XL, with the exception of wear and tear (probably due to the slim Spigen case I put on it). With the Bluetooth, though, I wonder if it's an issue with Mazda Connect (I know you drive a Miata, David, I have a Mazda 3). I haven't had any issues with Bluetooth headphones, and I've had two rental Nissans in the past month that worked without issue for over a week. Would I buy it again? Yes, absolutely. Would I buy one right now? No, for the simple fact that the S8 has now surpassed it and that Pixel 2 can't be too far away. sam1331 Uh, the Pixel XL is a big phone. The Pixel is even a big phone, bigger than the iPhone 7 in every single dimension. They sell an iPhone SE that is significantly smaller and people buy it. My point is that, claiming no one should consider the Pixel because the Pixel XL isn't too big isn't an opinion, it's "lunacy". Rod iPhone 7 is 4.7" Andre Meaux Yep! Still love my Pixel (XL)!! Looking for the Pixel XL 2! destinyhud cant wait for the pixel 2. its going to be even more awesome. it will be a day one buy for me Rod There's one thing I wonder about the Pixel: in those PhoneBuff "speed tests" the Pixel is always put to shame when it doesn't hold more than 4 apps in background. However, in this one, it was able to hold 13 apps, being 4 of them, games. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ugcpul8nYg) Who's telling the truth, afterall? mattcoz I had issues with Bluetooth cutting out with my headphones, but then I turned off "phone audio" and it has been perfect. I have noticed that the signal will get weak if I sit on it, but uhh, yeah that makes sense, so I don't do that. Jordan L just this morning, for the first time ever my car would not connect to my Pixel. damn it. Rod David's curse Mike I must have a Pixel XL that is the diamond in the rough. I have a travel job, meaning I'm in rental cars several times a month. I have never once had bluetooth connectivity issues, for real. Henry S. Maybe it's just me but I don't understand this need to go YUuuuuGe with screens anymore. We've reached the point of usability and carrying the damn thing. 5" was the sweet spot for me as a phone. If I want media, I'll watch on my tablet. My perfect phone size was the old Droid MAXX(also a 5" phone). Most of the points make sense. I get the same battery life as you on my OG Pixel except Bluetooth. Only exception is switching between devices on my wife's small Bose speaker and we always have problems no matter the phone so it's not just the Pixel. Xenios Kofteros Got a full refund for my 1.5 year old Nexus 6P for the known battery issues. I'd very much like to buy a Pixel XL, but the price for new and used are ridiculous. Hopefully Google will break tradition and reveal Pixel 2 at Google I/O. Or else I'm going the OnePlus 5 way and break 4 years of Google phone use tradition. ClikFire _ I haven't had any of the issues you mentioned except the issue with hairline scratches because I hate using cases. SoI covered the glass windows with a Matte Black Dbrand Skin and found a Tempered Glass screen bezel which actually transformed the Dark Grey Bezels to true black bezels and covered up the scratches in the process. Also coming from an S7 edge I actually really like the Design of the Pixel personally especially the back with the Glass window, makes it stand out from the rest. If the Pixel 2 looks like this and adds front facing speakers and water resistance I'm game. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/842173829c88496d628fe9ecdf0b77f65995d3ca89cb1a2d93e7896ad2c760f1.png Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ If Google continues the current trend in its phones, it's more likely to look like this. ;) https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6945f5a7bc54ba27628971ea239b5d6ee5d8f0bb2b8aa844f6e67a2d6ec05c12.png Rod I was about to burst in laughter, then I thought this may actually happen. Ozl Never had any problems with my 128GB Pixel, still works great! krkn I got the Pixel 128GB when it came out because I had a Note7, which I loved, and the XL was unavailable. Despite the smaller size, I have still really enjoyed the phone. Like you said, it remains snappy and the better life good, and sometimes I actually appreciate something that fits in my pocket so nicely. Photos are terrific. My main gripe is the speaker location, which is blocked easily in landscape mode, but that's a small nit since if I really need better sound, I'll be plugged in or using a Bluetooth speaker. Randall Collins I have the XL and I haven't had quite as many issues with mine but it really is a great phone despite all that. No lag, smooth, and the first to get updates with no crazy UI to destroy the experience. And I updated from an iPhone 6+ which had all those same attributes. No phone will ever be perfect but for now, the XL works for me. likurges if the phone was so great as it's bezzels it would be the best phone ever Randy Gindy At least I have something to hold onto when I watch a video. likurges yes because a phone is a heavy thing and doesn't have corners. thank god for the bezels of the pixel. also think for example if you hear some shocking news, you can hold to those bezels and they might as well save your life Randy Gindy Sue me for wanting something to hold without risk of accidentally touching the screen while watching YouTube. Peoples obsession with minimal bezels is just a asinine as Apple's obsession with maker their phones thinner. likurges no one here is talking about no bezels but an highway on your phone is too much. I agree that having no bezels is not optimal but neither is having bezels that are too big. IMO the top bezel on the nexus 5 was perfect size JR I'd have no problem recommending either of the Pixel devices to potential buyers, today. Many buyers enter the market for a new phone, because they need one. If you're one of those people who only updates their device when the current one is on its last leg, then the Pixel is an outstanding option (six months isn't something many would care to wait). The casual buyer primarily needs a good experience, preferably over a long term, and as discussed in this article, the Pixel delivers this quite well, 'right now' (to be fair, that's *if* you can find one). If the price drops once the Pixel 2 launches, even better. If you're talking to enthusiasts, then we can push this a few ways, but we always have the option to sell the Pixel, should we desire the new shiny thing. The Nexus 6P (still a great phone) fetches nice prices in the aftermarket, and the Pixel is generally understood to be an even better phone. I'm sure the Pixel will command a fine (but lower than new) aftermarket price, and there will always be a set of buyers who can't afford the absolute latest, but will be willing to scoop one up at a more realistic discount. So unless the device is missing game-breaking, hard features you rely on (waterproofing, because you're a part-time lifeguard), then I think it would be acceptable to recommend it. Fastguy77 This article makes no sense. I purchased a pixel brand new for half price, best decision ever. Phone is amazing. So by all means, find someone selling it below MSRP and grab it. Waiting half a year because 'you'll regret' not having the newest is typical tech buyer stupidity. So, just wait and never buy a product, cause around the corner is the next better version... xyz "Is the XL worth $770 to pick up today?" Wasn't worth it even at release! Dmitry Stepanushkin Tank You, Pixel owners, for alpha and beta testing Android for us, stable OS users 😁 Islam Poor use of Space Roshni Decent Camera https://ledala.com/mobile/all-mobile.php ImJoaquínTheDog Wow, you must've gotten a defective unit. My Pixel XL gets 6 and a half hours of screen on time with a mix of web browsing and playing lighter games consistently. Though, playing heavy games (like FPS multiplayer heavy) will drag it down to just 3 hours of SOT. I also have a Gear S2 paired to my phone 24/7, and have no issues with connectivity. Totally agree on everything else, though Nicholas Polydor @rdr0b11:disqus , a good review as usual. Presumably you have been testing the US variant of the Pixel XL, i.e. G-2PW2100? Do you know if Bluetooth is also poor on the International Pixel XL (G-2PW2200), the US Pixel (G-2PW4100) and the International Pixel (G-2PW4200)? Thanks. "One of my biggest gripes about the XL is its Bluetooth performance. I have used three separate Pixel XLs, and all of them have absolutely terrible Bluetooth signal. Even think about touching the phone in the wrong spot, and the music stream to your headphones or car will cut out. It is absolutely obnoxious. It doesn't matter what kind of headphones, speaker, or car A/V unit - it sucks with anything I've tried. Even walking around with the Pixel XL in my pocket connected to a pair of Bluetooth headphones results in cuts every single time I step up a stair or rest my hand against the pocket the phone is in. The 7.1.2 patch has done nothing to alleviate this issue. It's borderline embarrassing: I have had the Pixel XL corrupt the Bluetooth profiles on my car three times. Each time, the only solution was to factory reset the infotainment unit. I had to factory reset my car. No other phone has ever done this to me, though since the 7.1.2 update this hasn't happened - yet." Abhishek Mittal This phone is very costly as compared to its price as you can see it was launched for Rs.57-64k and then later on they reduced price by 13k still not worthy waiting for Pixel 2 Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 10 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 138 queries | 0.501s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
SEO NEWS PPC CONTENT SOCIAL ADVERTISE MORE SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News Most ReadPaid Search PPC Guide Paid Search 101 Digital AdvertisingSEJ Summit Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing YoutubeEntrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedInToolbox Rss Twitter Facebook Follow Us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Google Plus Pinterest ADVERTISEMENT News·Paid Search | 7 hours ago Google AdWords Integrates With Google Optimize and Google Surveys 360 436 SHARES 270 READS Matt Southern SEJ STAFF SEJ STAFF Matt Southern 270 READS Google is introducing new ways for AdWords users to collect more data about their audience to better optimize their campaigns. Google AdWords has been integrated with Google Surveys 360, and integration with Google Optimize will be rolling out in the coming months. Google Surveys 360 As of today, remarketing lists in AdWords are available for targeting in Surveys 360. Now, business owners can deliver surveys to people in their remarketing lists to learn more about audience behaviour. “Want to know why shoppers abandoned their shopping carts? Ask them! Curious about how many customers converted due to your new free shipping offer? Ask them!” Google generally recommends asking questions about why users in a remarking list did or didn’t convert, and then using that information to make adjustments to your marketing messages. Google Optimize The upcoming integration between Google Optimize and Google AdWords will give marketers the ability to more easily create and test custom landing pages. Landing pages can be customized based on the keyword, ad group, or campaign associated with an ad. Google gives an example of how this will benefit advertisers: “Suppose a hotel wants to improve its landing page for the keyword family friendly hotels. Using Optimize, the hotel can create and test a new variation of the landing page, one that features an image of a family enjoying themselves at the hotel pool, instead of a generic image of the hotel exterior. If the new page leads to more reservations, they’ve got a win.” AdWords’ integration with Optimize and Optimize 360 will be available in the coming weeks. ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts SEJ Wrap-Up: Optimize Your Google Analytics & AdWords Productivity How to Optimize AdWords Campaigns For Micro-Moments Google AdWords Now Allows Advertisers to Apply Audience Lists at Campaign Level ADVERTISEMENT Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in ... [Read full bio] Advertisement Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! ThinkTank Webinar Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Wed. May 31st, 2PM Eastern Partner Stories Paid Search Optimization: A Management Approach for Success Search Podcast John Doherty on Qualifying SEO Leads & Setting Expectations Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to SEO Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Advertisement Advertisement Home Jobs About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Instagram Youtube Google Pinterest Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Follow Us SEO ALL SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News ALL NEWS Most Read Paid search PPC Guide All Paid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing All Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing Youtube Social media All Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management SEJ SUMMIT Advertise Toolbox
SEO NEWS PPC CONTENT SOCIAL ADVERTISE MORE SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News Most ReadPaid Search PPC Guide Paid Search 101 Digital AdvertisingSEJ Summit Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing YoutubeEntrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedInToolbox Rss Twitter Facebook Follow Us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Google Plus Pinterest ADVERTISEMENT News·Paid Search | 7 hours ago Google AdWords Introduces Ads Data Hub 368 SHARES 511 READS Matt Southern SEJ STAFF SEJ STAFF Matt Southern 511 READS Google AdWords is introducing an all new Ads Data Hub which will help advertisers gain more detailed insights into campaign performance across multiple screens. Ads Data Hub is a solution that was initially designed as a cloud-based measurement tool for YouTube. However, Google explains that it offers access to data and actionable insights across the Google Display Network and DoubleClick. Google’s Ads Data Hub has just entered beta, and the company is expanding on who can use it. It’s built on infrastructure from Google Cloud, including BigQuery, and provides access to impression-level data across devices. Google gives an example of how the new Ads Data Hub can be used to improve a campaign: “For example, if an e-commerce retailer wants to understand what the path to conversion looks like, they can bring additional online data about their customers into BigQuery, and Ads Data Hub will enable them to combine that data with their ads data so they can see what a typical journey is from first encountering a user until conversion.” The company assures that, due to its commitment to privacy, user-level data cannot be removed from the secure cloud environment. “Impression-level data is only accessible for the purposes of analysis and generating insights. In the future, advertisers will be able to act on the insights they get from Ads Data Hub and buy media with greater precision.” ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts Google AdWords Introduces Scheduling for Conversion Imports Google AdWords Introduces Account-Level Call Extensions, & More Click-to-Call Updates Google AdWords Introduces Cross-Device Remarketing ADVERTISEMENT Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in ... [Read full bio] Advertisement Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! ThinkTank Webinar Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Wed. May 31st, 2PM Eastern Partner Stories Paid Search Optimization: A Management Approach for Success Search Podcast John Doherty on Qualifying SEO Leads & Setting Expectations Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to SEO Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Advertisement Advertisement Home Jobs About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Instagram Youtube Google Pinterest Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Follow Us SEO ALL SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News ALL NEWS Most Read Paid search PPC Guide All Paid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing All Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing Youtube Social media All Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management SEJ SUMMIT Advertise Toolbox
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 25 May 2017 | MYT 6:00 AM Google targeted over child sex trafficking claims by ethan baron Consumer Watchdog is demanding that Google support amendments to the CDA that would "allow Backpage to be held accountable for its ongoing facilitating of child sex trafficking." — Reuters Imagine taking shelter from a downpour under a large umbrella, when an unkempt gentleman in a trench coat and no pants joins you to avail himself of the same protection.  That's the situation Google finds itself in with respect to a law that shields companies running websites from liability over material posted by others.  For the Mountain View tech giant and many other Silicon Valley companies operating sites that host third-party content, the protection from Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (CDA) is vital to their business interests.  And the guy in the trench coat? That would be Backpage, a website that hosts ads for escorts, and that has been the subject of many legal cases alleging that the site facilitates not only prostitution, but sexual exploitation and trafficking of children. Backpage's ads, like, for example, Twitter tweets or material served up in Google Search, are produced by third parties.  But now a consumer-advocacy organisation has issued a report this week cataloguing Google's financial support of groups such as the Electronic Frontier Foundation that are fighting changes to Section 230. Consumer Watchdog, which put out the report, is demanding that Google support amendments to the CDA that would "allow Backpage to be held accountable for its ongoing facilitating of child sex trafficking."  Google said in a statement that it, like many other Internet firms, has contributed to groups such as the EFF "because of their advocacy on a wide range of Internet issues, including privacy, surveillance reform and the open internet.  "At the same time, we will continue to use our technology to combat the tragedy of child sex trafficking, will continue our significant funding of organisations that combat this crime, and maintain our zero-tolerance approach to ads for this illegal activity."  Former California Attorney-General Kamala Harris, now a Democrat US Senator for California, has called Backpage an "online brothel" and exploiter of children. Soon after the owners and CEO of the website were exonerated in early December in California court of pimping and other felony charges, Harris, claiming "new evidence," hit the three men – Carl Ferrer, Michael Lacey and James Larkin – with 26 counts of money laundering and 13 counts of pimping and conspiracy to commit pimping.  In seven of the pimping counts, the victims were children, Harris' office said in a press release.  Backpage did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The allegations against it remain unproven.  Consumer Watchdog said it supports a House bill that would strip websites of Communications Decency Act protection from prosecution under other laws, in cases of sexual exploitation of children or sex trafficking.  The bill, H.R. 1865, "amends the federal criminal code to specify that the violation for benefiting from 'participation in a venture' engaged in sex trafficking of children, or by force, fraud, or coercion, includes knowing or reckless conduct by any person or entity and by any means that furthers or in any way aids or abets the violation."  Consumer Watchdog said it also supports a letter from 48 state attorneys general, including Harris, asking Congress to amend the CDA so that the act, according to the letter, "restores to State and local authorities their traditional jurisdiction to investigate and prosecute those who promote prostitution and endanger our children." — San Jose Mercury News/Tribune News Service Related Stories You May Be Interested Snap adds group story tool, working to stay ahead of Instagram Brazil appeals court rules Uber driver not entitled to benefits Google adds YouTube to suite of ad tools tracking retail sales Foreign firms fret as China implements new cybersecurity law Google targeted over child sex trafficking claims Racing for a better tomorrow Others Also Read Couple whip up surprise win at cookout challenge Family forced to live under flyover Barcelona 'fully support' Messi after fraud sentence advertisement Latest News Jury out on North Korea link to ransomware attack Fliers’ electronics get more screening in 10-airport test Xbox adds Netflix-style videogame subscriptions China’s DJI unveils US$499 drone that flies from your hand WannaCry hits Russian postal service, exposes wider security shortcomings Most Viewed in Tech China’s DJI unveils US$499 drone that flies from your hand Huge changes are likely for the new iPhone 8: reports Hackers are now using subtitle files to take over devices WannaCry hits Russian postal service, exposes wider security shortcomings Retailers can’t move fast enough to chase shoppers online Foreign firms fret as China implements new cybersecurity law Xbox adds Netflix-style videogame subscriptions Fliers’ electronics get more screening in 10-airport test Amazon Wants You: Retail giant turns to military vets as it looks for management talent Facebook signs BuzzFeed, Vox, others for original video shows: sources Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Follow us Mobile Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account News Music Arts Food & Drink Film Sex & Love Columns Blogs Best of Charlotte CL Events POPS Browse Music Vibes Blog Concert Picks Live Reviews CD Reviews Homebrew Music Listings Features/Interviews Browse News The CLog Blog The Blotter Community Events This Modern World Question the Queen City Browse Arts Visual Arts Performing Arts Book Reviews Comic Afterthoughts Gaming Events Browse Food & Drink Eat My Charlotte Blog Restaurant Listings Restaurant Reviews Recipes Food-Related Events Restaurant Menus Browse Film Features Reviews DVD Reviews Film Clips Free Movie Tickets Browse Sex & Love Bangtown Blog Savage Love Lust List Browse Style Creative Living Style Stalker Browse Blogs The CLog Eat My Charlotte Vibes QC After Dark Bangtown Browse Best of Charlotte 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 Browse CL Events Best of Charlotte PARTY Margarita Wars Craft Beer & Burger Festival Browse POPS Pop Voting Browse DNC Du Jour DNC Du Jour Browse Columns Editor's Note Trouble Hunter Give Me Libertad The Provocateur Class Is In Session Vodka Yonic This Week's Cover | Horoscope | Advertising | Classifieds | Fun + Free Stuff | Newsletters Signup Archives | RSS Wednesday, March 23, 2011 News Judge dashes Google's digital library dreams Posted By Rhiannon Fionn-Bowman on Wed, Mar 23, 2011 at 11:04 AM click to enlarge Yesterday, in New York City, America's publishing capital, a U.S. Circuit Judge ruled that Google's digital book project  in an effort to protect authors' and publishers' rights and contracts  has gone too far. (Read more about that ruling here.) I have to tell you, though, as a writer and an avid reader, I'm a little torn. Here's an example of why: My great-great-great uncle, Levi Coffin, wrote a book in the 1870s. For years, I had a difficult time finding it. And, when I did find it, I was going to have to pay quite a bit of money to get a copy of it. That stunk because I wanted several copies for several family members. The project became cost prohibitive, so I set it aside. Then, about a year ago, I found the book via Google books (see) and not only read it, but shared it with family across the country, family who has often wondered what would possess a small business man to get so involved in the Underground Railroad. (By the way, it's speculated he and his wife are included in the book Uncle Tom's Cabin, which you can also read online thanks to Google books.) I know no one from my family is looking for royalties for a nearly 150-year-old book. Nor do I know about the families of other authors. Maybe they do want a cut from Google's proceeds, though I doubt we're talking huge money here for most books. So, I see both sides of this issue: I love the idea of making books as widely available and accessible as possible. I also have a deep understanding of what it's like to be a working writer, so I have sympathy for those who don't want to give up their rights. And, in a time when it's easier to self-publish than go through a traditional publishing house, I can also empathize with the publishing industry's freak out over Google's project. One way around this, I think, is for, say, the Library of Congress to pick up where Google left off. What do you think? Should any for-profit company be allowed to digitize the world's collection of books, or should the government do it? Either way, what should be done about publishing and author's rights if we do decide to digitize all books? Tags: News, books, Google, library of congress, Online, authors, writers, Library, rights, Harriet Tubman, Levi Coffin, reader, digital, Uncle Tom's Cabin, Underground Railroad Tweet Pin It Submit to Reddit Email Favorite Saving… Share More The CLog » Speaking of... Mark Doepker Talks About His Art, Politics and Racist Haters Jan 25, 2017 Charlotte's Matron Saint of Music and More, Mary Virginia Federal, Turns 100 Jan 25, 2017 Third time's the charm Jan 4, 2017 More » Readers also liked… Lunch Break (2/18/16): Pictures of proposed congressional districts released, Jared Allen retires Feb 18, 2016 Now taking submissions for the third annual FILTERED photo contest Nov 4, 2015 Bojangles' Coliseum renovations unveiled in the lead up to Checkers' home opener Nov 4, 2015 « Got seeds?  |  Gay Charlotte Film Fest photo galle… » Comments Showing 1-1 of 1 Add a comment   Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Showing 1-1 of 1 Comment Add a comment Creative Loafing encourages a healthy discussion on its website from all sides of the conversation, but we reserve the right to delete any comments that detract from that. Violence, racism and personal attacks that go beyond the pale will not be tolerated. Subscribe to this thread Latest in The CLog Five Names For Your Irish Pub That Aren't Milestone Apr 27, 2017 8 Social Entrepreneur Hacks That Can Help Get Your Community Project Funded Apr 22, 2017 Police Investigate Hate Crime in East Charlotte Apr 7, 2017 More » More by Rhiannon Fionn-Bowman The Last Mountain will move viewers Aug 4, 2011 Government's mixed message for women Aug 2, 2011 Study says: Drink wine! Aug 2, 2011 More » Search Events all events concerts restaurants movie times -All Dates- Today Tomorrow This Weekend This Week -------------------- Wednesday, May 24 Thursday, May 25 Friday, May 26 Saturday, May 27 Sunday, May 28 Monday, May 29 Tuesday, May 30 Wednesday, May 31 Thursday, June 1 Friday, June 2 Saturday, June 3 Sunday, June 4 Monday, June 5 Tuesday, June 6 Wednesday, June 7 Thursday, June 8 Friday, June 9 Saturday, June 10 Sunday, June 11 Monday, June 12 Tuesday, June 13 Wednesday, June 14 Thursday, June 15 Friday, June 16 Saturday, June 17 Sunday, June 18 Monday, June 19 Tuesday, June 20 Wednesday, June 21 Thursday, June 22 Friday, June 23 -All Event Categories- ARTS AGENDA   Classical Music   Comedy   Film   Museums   Readings & Signings   Spoken Word   Theater/Dance/Performance Art   Visual Arts COMMUNITY HAPPENINGS   Benefits & Fundraisers   Clubs & Organizations   Family   Festivals/Events   Gay & Lesbian   Health & Fitness   Holiday   Lectures, Classes & Seminars   Nightlife   Sex & Love   Singles   Sports & Recreation   Support Groups   Volunteers/Public Life FOOD & DRINK   Culinary   Wine/Cocktails MUSIC EVENTS   Blues/Roots/International   Classical/Jazz/Smooth   Country/Folk   DJ/Electronic   General   Hip-Hop/Soul/R&B   Pop/Rock -All Dates- Today Tomorrow This Weekend This Week -------------------- Wednesday, May 24 Thursday, May 25 Friday, May 26 Saturday, May 27 Sunday, May 28 Monday, May 29 Tuesday, May 30 Wednesday, May 31 Thursday, June 1 Friday, June 2 Saturday, June 3 Sunday, June 4 Monday, June 5 Tuesday, June 6 Wednesday, June 7 Thursday, June 8 Friday, June 9 Saturday, June 10 Sunday, June 11 Monday, June 12 Tuesday, June 13 Wednesday, June 14 Thursday, June 15 Friday, June 16 Saturday, June 17 Sunday, June 18 Monday, June 19 Tuesday, June 20 Wednesday, June 21 Thursday, June 22 Friday, June 23 -All Neighborhoods- NORTH CHARLOTTE   Concord/Kannapolis   Cornelius   Dilworth   Huntersville   NoDa   North End   Northlake   University   Davidson   Mooresville SOUTH CHARLOTTE   Ballantyne   Madison Park/Montford   Matthews   SouthPark   Myers Park   South End   Pineville/Hwy 51   Steele Creek   South Charlotte   Cotswold CENTRAL CHARLOTTE   General Charlotte Area   Midtown   Uptown EAST SIDE   East Charlotte   Elizabeth   Plaza Midwood WEST CHARLOTTE   Beatties Ford Road Corridor   FreeMore West   Gastonia   Westside SOUTH CAROLINA   Fort Mill   Rock Hill OUTSIDE CHARLOTTE   Outside Charlotte -All Cuisines-   Afghani   African   American   American, Modern/New   Argentine   Argentinean   Armenian   Asian   Bakery   Bar food   Barbecue   Brazilian   Breakfast   Brew Pubs   British/English   Buffet   Burgers   Cajun/Creole   Cal-Mex   California   Cambodian   Cantonese   Caribbean   Central/South American   Chinese   Colombian   Columbian   Continental   Crepes   Cuban   Deli   Desserts   Diner   Eastern European   Ethiopian   Filipino   Fondue   French   General Dining   German   Greek   Guatemalan   Honduran   Hot dogs   Hunan   Hungarian   Ice cream   Indian   Indian (Northern)   Indian (Southern)   Indonesian   Iranian   Iraqi   Irish   Israeli   Italian   Italian (Northern)   Italian (Southern)   Jamaican   Japanese   Korean   Latino   Lebanese   Mandarin   Mediterranean   Mexican   Middle Eastern   Moroccan   Needs Dining Category   New American   Pakistani   Persian   Peruvian   Phillipino   Pizza   Polish   Portugese   Portuguese   Puerto Rican   Romanian   Russian   Salads   Salvadoran   Sandwiches   Seafood   Serbian   Soul food   Soup   Southern   Southwestern   Spanish   Steak   Stir Fry   Sushi   Szechuan   Tapas   Tex-Mex   Thai   Turkish   Vegan   Vegetarian   Vietnamese   West African -All Neighborhoods- NORTH CHARLOTTE   Concord/Kannapolis   Cornelius   Dilworth   Huntersville   NoDa   North End   Northlake   University   Davidson   Mooresville SOUTH CHARLOTTE   Ballantyne   Madison Park/Montford   Matthews   SouthPark   Myers Park   South End   Pineville/Hwy 51   Steele Creek   South Charlotte   Cotswold CENTRAL CHARLOTTE   General Charlotte Area   Midtown   Uptown EAST SIDE   East Charlotte   Elizabeth   Plaza Midwood WEST CHARLOTTE   Beatties Ford Road Corridor   FreeMore West   Gastonia   Westside SOUTH CAROLINA   Fort Mill   Rock Hill OUTSIDE CHARLOTTE   Outside Charlotte -All Films- Today Thursday, May 25 Friday, May 26 Saturday, May 27 Sunday, May 28 Monday, May 29 Tuesday, May 30 » submit an event » browse all events www.flickr.com More in Creative Loafing Charlotte pool Most Popular Most Shared Most Commented First Drip (1/06/15): Boehner faces opposition, baseball names Hall of Fame 2015 class The news you need to know. by Emiene Wright | 01.06.15 Judge dashes Google's digital library dreams 1 As a writer and a reader, I'm torn. by Rhiannon Fionn-Bowman | 03.23.11 TIMELINE: Wishing a Not-So-Happy Birthday To That Hellish House Bill #2 by Ryan Pitkin and Jasmin Herrera | 03.23.17 Five Names For Your Irish Pub That Aren't Milestone 12 Some originality, please? by Erin Tracy-Blackwood | 04.27.17 Five Names For Your Irish Pub That Aren't Milestone 12 Some originality, please? by Erin Tracy-Blackwood | 04.27.17 Question the Queen City: Pinewood Cemetery 1 Watch where you step by David Aaron Moore | 02.15.13 FAQs | Info | Advertising | Archives | Jobs | About Us | Submit a Listing | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Staff | RSS | National Advertising © 2017 Womack Newspapers, Inc. Powered by Foundation
Toggle navigation About About Me Contact Presentations Advertising Archives 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 Series Testing documentation Voiceover techniques 7 deadly sins of blogging API documentation podcasts API documentation survey Author in DITA and Publish with WordPress DITA journey Dallas STC Summit videocasts Get a Job in Technical Writing Innovation in tech comm Jekyll versus DITA My DITA journey Quick reference guides Search engine optimization User-centered documentation My journey to and from wikis Findability / Organizing content From overlooked to center stage Jekyll About Jekyll Github theme repo Jekyll doc theme Jekyll Talk Jekyll on Stack Overflow Categories API documentation Beginner tips, career advice Blogging Creativity DITA Family Findability General Innovation Jekyll Quick reference guides Screencasting User-centered documentation Video Visual communication Web design Wikis WordPress Writing Other User-Centered Documentation Visual communication JavaScript notes DITA notes Java notes Jobs Beginners API doc Podcasts I'd Rather Be Writing Newsletter Get new posts delivered straight to your inbox. Enter your email address Subscriber count: 3,881 Want more tech comm blogs to follow? See my Tech Comm Collection of Blogs on Feedly. Recent Comments Impressions from the Write the Docs Conference -- and thoughts on achieving sustainability without selling out to vendors May 23, 2017 • api-doc, general I recently returned from the 2017 Write the Docs conference in Portland, Oregon. The conference had two days of sessions (Monday and Tuesday), preceded by a day of doc writing sprints and workshops. I also participated in a 5-mile conference hike on Saturday. Although this was the fifth year of the WTD conference (it began in 2013), this was my first time attending. In this post, I'll share my impressions of the conference, contrasting it primarily with other tech comm conferences such as the STC. Origins of WTD First, to understand Write the Docs, you must read the origin story behind the WTD conference. In short, a group of developers who write documentation felt a need to get together as a community to discuss best practices and techniques, to share tips and practical guidelines. They weren’t aware of other documentation-focused groups or communities, so they decided to start the conference as a way to help “coalesce” others like them who were also writing documentation. You can read the original manifesto to get a sense of the group’s purpose. Here’s the opening paragraph: There exists a tribe of documentarians in the world. Up until this point, they haven’t had a central place to meet each other, and coalesce into a community. We are providing the space to allow this to happen, both in person and online. It wasn’t until later that this tribe learned about other documentation tribes and communities. But even though other tech writing communities exist (like the STC), communities for developers writing documentation for other developers do not really exist. Though the STC does include writers creating developer docs, 99% of the members are not developers creating developer documentation. They are technical writers creating developer docs. There’s a difference. At the first WTD conference, there were an astounding 250 attendees. This surprised the co-founders and reinforced the need for a documentation community. Now at the fifth year of the WTD conference, the conference sold out with a cap of 600 attendees. They moved into a larger venue, The Crystal Ballroom, and have a host of speakers, workshops, unconference sessions, and other activities for 4 days straight. Happy to be learning at the #writethedocs conference at the Crystal Ballroom here in Portland! pic.twitter.com/a4CdpBh0ka— Brandon Rhodes (@brandon_rhodes) May 15, 2017 At the center of WTD The driving force behind the Write the Docs conference is Eric Holscher, one of the co-founders. A Python developer who runs the readthedocs.org site, Eric has open-source principles baked into his way of being. For example, on the trail during the conference hike, as we paused under a visitor shelter during a hailstorm, Eric shared his organic chocolate, carrots, and walnuts in friendly ways with everyone around him. Happened to snag this looking down at the city of Portland from the Pittock Mansion! #lightning #weather #orwx pic.twitter.com/n5OnuQvFe0— Jeremy Ballew (@jballew_horns26) May 14, 2017 Eric believes passionately in community and open source, which is one reason for the documentation sprints that precede the conference. Some of his philosophy is inspired from the Python community and other open source movements he participates in. Eric (and the other WTD organizers) don’t charge much for the conference. A meager $450 (even less for students, independents, or unemployed people) is at all it costs. This fee mostly covers the cost of the venue and food (free breakfast and lunch for attendees every day, including t-shirts for all attendees and hoodies for speakers), some conference management labor and recording efforts, and a little extra to help manage future efforts. Eric isn’t the kind of conference organizer who sits back at a distance after giving opening remarks. At heart he is a passionate developer who believes strongly in documentation, as do the other co-founders. During the unconference sessions, Eric participates in the sessions, particularly the unconference sessions. For example, I attended an unconference session led by Troy Howard (another WTD co-founder) about analyzing metrics in repos to compare doc commits versus code commits. Troy wants to gauge the health of a repo by comparing the amount of code commits versus the amount of doc commits (updates to markdown files), correlating it with averages across other repos. Eric joined in and offered his thoughts about the many possibilities for analyzing metrics from the thousands of open repos he manages with Read the Docs. Eric gets energized in talking about developer docs, and this passion also helps shape the conference. He is fully engaged when he speaks in conversations. He’s also down-to-earth, often walking around with a baseball cap and a water bottle shoved into his back pocket. More developers at WTD than anywhere else At WTD, I met far more developers than at any other conference. I had good conversations with at least half a dozen separate developers — people who are earnestly trying to create better documentation. In this respect, WTD contains a type of technology enthusiast most tech writers are unaware of. There are in fact developers who write documentation, who care deeply about creating good documentation systems and platforms, who want to create awesome Hello World tutorials, interactive Swagger API help, and other instructional material for users. This species of the documentation-writing developer thrives in the WTD community. I also chatted with multiple UX designers and learned from dev support, content architects, and professionals in other roles. This diversity is a key part of the WTD conference, as it points to the belief that documentation isn’t created or maintained by a single priestly class of officially titled “technical writers.” Instead, documentation is created and maintained by a community of people that include a diversity of roles. One of Eric’s primary goals is to allow access into documentation authoring and publishing for anyone in any role that wants to contribute. This is perhaps why he prefers the term “documentarian” instead of “technical writer,” since a documentarian includes anyone who is involved in documentation efforts. (In contrast, a “technical writer” is usually someone whose chief [paid] role is to write tech docs.) Defining WTD’s core values During a doc sprint day, I attended an “API the Docs” brainstorming table with Kristof Van Tomme about potentially holding API-focused events related to the WTD community. These events would be called “API the Docs.” Eric, who was circulating among multiple groups, also joined in to discuss what he feels must be the foundational principles that define any group or event related to WTD. We talked about open-source, and giving back to the community. Eric gets annoyed when companies take from open source without giving back. We chatted about accessibility, or making the event open to everyone, being inclusive and respectful of diverse roles and lifestyles, and never making events private. Eric embraces a “Users First” philosophy, where users come first before any vendor messaging that might distort or redirect a conference’s purpose. Despite identifying these values, Eric struggles to define the core values that he feels characterize the WTD experience. He can’t quite put his finger on that undefinable quality that exists at the heart of the WTD community and conference experience. For this reason, he says that anyone who aspires to hold a WTD-type event must first attend the WTD conference. Eric is very much guarded against vendors controlling the conference. He wants vendors to participate just like attendees. Although the WTD conference had about a dozen sponsors (whose logos appeared briefly on a slide during Eric’s opening remarks), there were only several vendor tables physically present — Madcap, Algolia, Google, and maybe one more. Of those, Madcap seemed to be the only vendor allowed 60 seconds to briefly introduce themselves between one of the conference sessions. Eric says if vendors want to speak at the conference, they should submit a proposal and go through the process like everyone else. You can’t buy acceptance of your proposal at the conference, nor can you buy time to give a special extended presentation at the start of the conference, neither can you construct a miniature Taj Mahal tent in an expo area (which does not exist) where you might give a stream of microphone-boosted presentations and demos. If you want to be part of the community, you become part of the community like everyone else — participating like attendees in sessions, interacting and talking with others during breakfast, breaks, and lunch. You have to earn their interest and trust. You can’t buy the email addresses or phone numbers of attendees. Achieving sustainability in the long run Despite the aversion to corporate puppetry, Eric worries about the sustainability of WTD in the long run. How can he remove himself from the center of the community so that it doesn’t all depend on him? If something happens to Eric, who will drive the community forward? He is not opposed to paying some people to help manage the community. He knows that generating revenue can be helpful to make a sustainable community organization. At the same time, he knows this is a slippery slope to repeating the path of the STC. To get revenue, you have to provide an exclusive offering (e.g, magazines, webinars, body of knowledge, salary surveys, etc.). Otherwise, what incentive do companies have to pay money to the organization? Eric doesn’t want community members themselves to lighten their pocketbooks through donations, especially when the knowledge and skills they learn from the conference go right back to companies. For now, Eric’s strategy seems to be to keep costs low, to not try to grow the community too fast. The WTD venue is in the Crystal Ballroom, which is a historic venue with springy/creaky floors, old heavy velvet curtains, winding hallways and staircases. It’s where the Grateful Dead performed, and where hipster crowds would feel right at home. It is not a super fancy 5-star Marriott or Hilton hotel that functions as a mini-conference center for business conventions. Perhaps there’s not a need for a ton of revenue to provide the community offerings. The WTD organization shows that you can have a large community conference, with top-notch programs and speakers, including free breakfast and lunch and t-shirts/hoodies and recordings, without resorting to higher conference fees or having extensive numbers of paid staff and an association director. Unless you’re an altruistic saint, though, you have to get something out of your efforts. What do you get out of all your volunteer time? “Burnout” is an awakening to the imbalance of value. If you find yourself expending a lot of time and effort for little value/reward back, you may one day decide that imbalanced equation isn’t worth it. Eric does benefit by driving more visibility to his ReadtheDocs.com business, which provides hosted documentation solutions (for open source, it’s free, but not for commercial clients). Even so, I’m not sure the WTD community provides much carry over to Read the Docs. Same challenge is everywhere with online endeavors In some ways, every online entrepreneur faces the same challenge. I provide free content on my blog. I provide my API doc course for free. I have been writing and publishing content for readers for years, and you have been reading me, without subscribing or sending me money. I provide an “information product” that I give away. Other sites, like online newspapers or journals or other community-based tech writing sites (like Techwr-l), also provide information products for free. How do you maintain sustainability and long-term motivation for your efforts when you give everything away for free? I’m more open to vendor advertising as a way to support the model of free. I think advertising is the magic oil that provides return while allowing you to keep services free. My sidebar has been showcasing ads for years, and last year I even wrote sponsored posts showcasing new releases or services from advertisers. I view this exchange of advertising for free services as one of the fundamental business models of the Internet. This is how television and radio work. This is how large websites work. Does it mean that I am putting vendors first and my readers second? I don’t think so, but it does influence my messaging a little. You won’t find me trash-talking any of my advertisers or even my potential advertisers. (Actually, regardless of advertising, long ago I learned not to throw pointed spears towards others from my blogging pulpit, and especially as my audience and visibility has grown, I’ve been careful not to try to undercut anyone or any company with pointed judgment.) At the same time, I strive for honesty and transparency. No doubt if I stripped away my ads, I might be more free-flowing and opinionated in my posts, letting you know that X is a waste of time, that Y is a charlatan, that Z is a backwards tool that I wouldn’t touch if it were the last tool on earth. But I don’t really do that. Still, I haven’t been shy about announcing my dislike of DITA, my embrace of open-source static site generators, my shortcomings with the STC and academic research, etc. I think that advertising does slightly influence the message, but it’s a necessary evil. As long as you don’t overdose or become a vendor junkie, and can keep the advertising as a minimum decoration instead of a driving force, it’s okay. The most influential ad company: Google For example, think about the most influential ad company: Google. Every time you do a Google search, Google shows you several sponsored ads. They try to feed you advertiser information. But we tolerate this because Google is an awesome search engine, and they clearly flag the sponsored results. Google would cross the line if they invisibly mixed sponsored results with organic results. Almost no one complains about Google’s ads because we enjoy the search engine so much, we’ll put up with the ads. Moreover, without any monetary return from ads, Google’s search engine wouldn’t be nearly as awesome or sustainable as it currently is today. Where would Google get the money to pay the engineers, if not through the ad revenue? If left entirely as a free, open-source endeavor, Google’s search engine might have been abandoned long ago. When companies have a financial incentive, users get better products. That’s why we tolerate ads — it’s worth it to get a better product. However, there is a line companies can cross with ads. Conferences that invisibly mix the vendor presentations with organic presentations cross the line. If you’re attending a conference presentation (or reading an online article), and you can’t tell if the presenter, who works for a vendor, paid money to present at the conference or was allowed to present in return for sponsorship, the conference organizer is doing a major disservice to its attendees. Has the STC crossed the line with too much advertising driving the conference? Unlike with WTD, the STC conference includes an expo hall with around 75 separate vendors in booths of varying sizes. When I attend STC conferences, I am somewhat immersed in messages about structured authoring and plugging into large CCMSs. Messaging about collaboration through git and open source tooling is less frequent, but it might be due to the tech writer audience rather than any kind of vendor-driven messaging. I’m not sure what the STC conference experience would be like without vendors. However, one detail that the WTD organizers overlook is that many attendees actually like the expo. It’s fun to see row after row of tech comm vendors with various tools, services, and other wares (it’s kind of like window shopping at the mall, or browsing a festival). You don’t often see these resources for docs or get to try them out and ask the companies all your questions. Vendors aren’t necessarily an evil that you have to guard against. Many of them have created tools to help and support tech writing communities to amplify their documentation efforts. WTD could easily develop more sustainability by allowing more vendors at the conference. In the end, with the careful protection against vendors at WTD, did I have more epiphanies and realizations than from an STC conference? I can’t say that my takeaways were substantially different. Any time I’m with other tech writers exchanging and sharing ideas, my wheels start spinning and I walk away with a lot of new ideas. Both conferences manage to do that for me, with or without the vendor messaging. But I admit that I feel more at home at WTD, primarily because there are more topics and attendees working with developer documentation and APIs. The conference is more focused on software documentation, with many opportunities for unconference sessions. I prefer the semi-led unconference sessions over lengthy presentations, even though I, in fact, gave a presentation. I like working with git and static site generators, and this emphasis makes the WTD conference much more relevant to me. Giving presentations at WTD Why did I give a presentation? At the last tech writing conference I attended, I didn’t present. I went as a participant only. I ended up sitting and listening to lectures much of the time and concluded that I didn’t like being a bystander. I would much rather present because it means I can interact, shape the conversation, get engaged, and really participate. I’m not a spectator. So I figured if I was going to go to a conference, I might as well present. Upon reflection, though, I might have preferred to just go to the unconference sessions instead. Presentations at WTD are actually a bit stressful. Unlike the STC, where you have a room of maybe 40-60 participants who consciously decided to attend your topic, with WTD presentations you have all 600 attendees in the room, with only 20 minutes to present. You present on a large stage, with an ear mic attached and your slides projected on a giant screen. Before your presentation time slot, you prep in a green room below the stage and then, when ready, you ascend through an exclusive hallway and stairs to emerge out on the stage, like a performer going to start a rock concert. .@tomjohnson on helping users find what they're looking for, starting with hierarchy design principles #writethedocs pic.twitter.com/gOSQlPUw5K— Lisa Tagliaferri (@lisaironcutter) May 15, 2017 To prepare, I actually wrote out a lengthy narrative of my presentation, which you’ll soon see on my site. I felt almost same pressure as I did when I gave a keynote at UA Assistance in Europe, or to tcworld in India. I say this only to help others, who were also stressed, so they won’t feel so alone. One presenter (who was a little red in the face and sweaty) told me she had been out running city blocks as a way to calm her nerves. My guess is that she had run a couple of miles. (Because I’ve given around 80 presentations, I don’t get so nervous in front of crowds, but only if I’m prepared.) The importance of story Finally, and I know this is somewhat tangential, I did realize something about myself and presentations at WTD. In my initial practice run of my presentation, I felt something was off. My points seemed to lack interest and structure. It took me a while to identify the issue, but I later realized that my presentation lacked story. As many have said, story really is the essential structure for presentations (see Death by Documentation for great tips on this). Presentations that include story work well; those that omit it fail. It’s that simple. If you figure out the story you want to explore and tell, everything else follows. I took the 5 design principles I wanted to talk about and reworked them into a story. I was no longer presenting on abstract design principles. I was telling the story of how my users couldn’t find anything in my help, so I set about redesigning my help with these principles to increase findability (which was true). That shift significantly increased the arc of my presentation and made it feel more complete. Story is something I keep coming back to year after year, realizing that it’s is what interests me or motivates me. By story I don’t mean an interesting anecdote or fiction narrative. By story I’m referring to scenarios where you start out with a tough problem to solve, and then you go about trying to find a solution in interesting ways, exploring different approaches and perspectives. Finding my form The focus on story led me to some other realizations, prompted by my conservations with attendees. It seems nearly everyone has read my blog at some point or has found my API course helpful. I am working on converting my API course material into a book, but I’m less and less enthused by book-length content. I want to write more story-driven posts. I studied creative nonfiction in college, and I love the essay format, particularly the interplay between critical ideas and story structures. I like holding a seashell in my hands for a time, admiring it, finding something interesting about it, and then tossing it back into the sea. Essays are like that. Nonfiction books (especially tech comm books) have a different depth. With books, you take the sea shell home, dissect it, read a shelf of books about it, spend years unraveling every detail, publish your findings in excruciating detail, and then take up a post teaching it for years to come. Maybe independent blog posts are my form, and I should be content with that. I can say that many more people seem to read blogs than tech comm books. I can hardly walk 10 feet in any tech comm conference without entering a conversation with someone who (recognizing my blog) reaches out to me with an introduction or friendly handshake. The cool thing about stories is that they don’t have to be long to be worthwhile. Some stories might even be just a few sentences long. There are short stories and long stories. In this post, I have told the story of Eric and his battle to guard the WTD community against vendor messaging while also finding a model for sustainability. I connected personally with my own battle to find a financial return on my blog, and it led it to some realizations that I hadn’t entirely considered at the start. Stories change you when you write and tell them. Conclusion One of my favorite fiction authors is John Barth. Barth says that stories are like going on a journey, such as a sailing trip. When you come back, you’re never quite the same person you are as when you left. That’s true for stories as much as it is for conferences. Next year, will I go to WTD, or STC, Lavacon, Information Development World, Writers UA, or some other conference? I’m not sure. I usually pick one conference a year, sometimes depending on the location and whether I’m speaking. The good thing about WTD is that although it began as a conference, it’s grown into much more than that. With meetups, Slack channels, podcasts, and mini-events, Eric and other conference organizers have grown WTD into a global community that anyone can join and find a home, regardless of their location, job title, tooling, finances, or other background. Transitioning that initial conference into a global, continuously growing community is truly remarkable. Tweet Share I'd Rather Be Writing Newsletter Get new posts delivered straight to your inbox. Enter your email address Subscriber count: 3,881 About Tom Johnson I'm a technical writer based in the California San Francisco Bay area. Topics I write about on this blog include technical writing, authoring and publishing tools, API documentation, tech comm trends, visual communication, technical writing career advice, information architecture and findability, developer documentation, and more. If you're a professional or aspiring technical writer, be sure to subscribe to email updates using the form above. You can learn more about me here. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. I'd Rather Be Writing Newsletter Get new posts delivered straight to your inbox. Enter your email address Subscriber count: 3,881 Want more tech comm blogs to follow? See my Tech Comm Collection of Blogs on Feedly. Recent Comments
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 27 Plus 1 on G+ 67 Share on Facebook 74 Share on Twitter Total Shares168 Applications Google Google has been improving Gboard with the same type of tools it uses for speech recognition: machine learning. The budding technology is rapidly becoming a ubiquitous method for improving results and performance. If a network can be trained to accurately accomplish something in a performant way, odds are you'll see it introduced to any product it can be applied to. Gboard and text-input as a whole are no different, and we are reaping the benefits of improved corrections and predictions every time we swipe out a low-accuracy message to a friend. But how do these improvements work? This is going to be a pretty technical post, and I'm going to do my best to simplify things to a level where everyone can enjoy the subject. All of this is based on a recent Google Research blog post. If you are really into machine learning and you already know what every term I might use means, the source link is probably the best place for you to learn about the cool new stuff in Gboard. If, however, you think you might want a few of the concepts or terms explained, then this article might be the place for you. Google's latest research blog post is all about one thing: Gboard. The authors talk about some of the new features that were shown off at I/O, like the transliteration tools for typing in a language you might only have a phonetic familiarity with. But the biggest things discussed in the article relate to how input is determined, and the models and math that determine which swipes equate to which words, and how to most accurately correct mistakes. The two solutions Google has found revolve around its neural spatial models for processing input, and finite-state transducers for state progression to accurately determine content. These sound like complex ideas, but their cleverness can be explained. Input Neural spatial models are just a fancy way of saying machine learning applied to any space. For instance, the physical Gboard keyboard layout itself. When we type, we sometimes type wrong. And when we swipe, we sometimes swipe wrong. I might have meant to drag over "P" for this word, but I only made it to O. That's where these neural spatial models come in handy. They are able to determine probabilities for which letters you meant to hit based on physical proximity of input, as well as predictive models based on trained corrections. Originally, Gboard used a Gaussian model, combed with a set of simple rules. That's a fancy way of saying it used physical proximity in a sort of bell-curve out from a given key, combined with a basic understanding of certain common errors. The developers have replaced the older Gaussian and rule-based model with an LSTM, or long short-term memory model, trained by a CTC, or connectionist temporal classification. Big somewhat scary acronyms, but they're actually pretty simple ideas. A long short-term memory is a particular kind of neural net ideal for use in applications of intermittent or unknown event/time latencies, and Google has previously used these for speech recognition, the Google Assistant, and Google Translate. A connectionist temporal classification is a specific method of training a neural network. After all, a neural network is nothing without data to derive weighted triggers and values from. In this case, it means segmenting data input to the network by time and allowing the network to retroactively refer to input, states, and output before and after the current set. To further simplify, it means referring to data at many stages of analysis from multiple periods of time, increasing the value of context in the network's training. To pull data for training, Google used data sets comprised of information collected when users opt-in to share snippets, and set reverted corrections and suggestions as negative signals, and accepted corrections or suggestions as positive. To help visualize how it might work, we have this image. In the above, the left represents individual data points from the word "could" as swiped on Gboard. The right is a normalized temporal data for the same swiped input. By being able to refer to the probable center of an input, in temporal context with inputs that came before and after, we can tell that the overall path means "Could" even if we might not have hit a couple of letters quite right. Google was further able to adapt some of its speech recognition tools and data and apply it to corrections and suggestions in Gboard, optimizing things over iterations with a heavy dose of Tensorflow to increase the speed of analysis and output and decrease the number of errors. All that is well and good, but Google can also leverage the rules of a language to enhance predictions. As a basic example, consider: If you tapped O-T instead of I-T, Gboard can look at its dictionary and determine that "OT" isn't something you are likely to input, but that the similar "IT" is a word. Furthermore, "I" is physically close to "O," so you probably meant "IT." Easy. Well, Google is able to do a similar but improved sort thing via what is called a finite-state transducer. Processing To vastly over-simplify, a finite-state transducer, in this case, means an order of operations for processing input. The operational flow above shows the various stages of potential input for the words "I," "I've," and "If." In this image input at each stage comes before the ":" (with ε representing nothing as either input or output), and potential outputs are shown after the ":" as they each become logical. So we start having input the letter "i." From the top path we can see, if there is no additional input, then "I" is the correct output. If an apostrophe or space follows, followed by the letter "v," then "I've" is the likely output. If the letter "f" follows, then "If" is the likely output. The final two flows at the bottom return to start. You can think of it as just a series of rules for input and output. Google is able to use these same tools at other scales. For instance, developers can create these logical chains for whole words and their contexts, combined with the spatial models above and statistical likelihoods for possible inputs. These tools also apply to the transliteration features that were shown off at I/O. By implementing those same workflows and networks towards phonetically spelled input, it can guess what characters or words in another language you might mean. For anyone that might speak a language, but not know how to spell it, that's pretty cool. Unfortunately, if you can't read the language, you aren't really in a position to know if what it's typing is right or wrong, but it's still a useful tool. Output Gboard and machine learning are both pretty fantastically interesting and complex subjects. I hope our simplification of the tools behind it has helped you understand a bit more behind how it all works. It's useful to have knowledge about how the things we use on a daily basis work, not just in an abstract sense for intellectual fulfillment, but to provide us with a base for troubleshooting when things might go wrong. Now when GBoard makes seemingly odd recommendations, you might have a small idea as to why. Source: Google Tags AI autocorrect gboard machine learning neural networks predictive keyboard video subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon's LG K8 V is getting an update to Android 7.0 Nougat ... Next Story Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more ... Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments KlausWillSeeYouNow Despite all this, Gboard is total and utter shit at predicting what it is I'm trying to say. It's also buggy and crashy as hell. I switched to SwiftKey and haven't looked back. elijahblake it is very, very, very, bad at predicting correct words.. I do miss swiftkey sometimes. I guess i'm just hanging in there hoping the gboard starts learning. Just today instead of "this" it put "thoe" dimm0k I've mentioned this before... prior to the change of name to Gboard when it was Google Keyboard, the prediction was actually decent! since the name change however I agree that the prediction has been pretty crappy! words that I've typed pretty often still get mistaken for some other random word that doesn't even work in the sentence I'm typing out! David Thoren That's interesting.. I've never really used the prediction to type with, I just swipe through without looking, so I can't really speak to that.. But I have never seen Gboard crash or even get unstable. KlausWillSeeYouNow Gboard is totally unstable on my LG V20. Maybe it's just something specific to my device – but only recent versions of Gboard have had this issue for me. I miss the days of Google Keyboard, a stable product that actually worked. gv Haven't had any stability problems with g'board; don't think it's even crashed once on my axon7. But then again, it doesn't work worth a damn either, so is that really such an accomplishment? KlausWillSeeYouNow Yeah. Amen. Sounds like you and I should have a beer sometime. We clearly feel the same about Gboard. gv You can apply all the fancy machine learning you want, doesn't change that gv is total shit at predicting swiped words... it's so bad that I've gone back to swype despite it being a resource hog and slow. My favorite thing is you'll swipe a word, and gv will take a guess and be really wrong. So you'll back over it, swipe it again and gv will guess the EXACT SAME WORD. So you'll back over it, swipe it again, and gv will now be so sure that it won't offer *any* alternative suggestions (even though the alternative suggestions were also wrong) the third time. Machine learning, my ass! Machine stupidity; if it wasn't the correct word the first or second time you can be damn sure it's not the correct word the third time! So then you type in the word you actually want, and next sentence you need the same word. Idiot gv then suggests the original word AGAIN when you swipe it. Machine learning, my ass! At least swype is smart enough to know that if you just used a word it didn't swype in correctly, next time you swype something close to that (even if you didn't permanently add it to the dictionary) that's likely the word you wanted! KlausWillSeeYouNow AMEN! PREACH! I second this. It's so annoying. You said it better than I ever could, pal. Whatever Gboard's doing, it isn't working. Carson Saldanha I'm even on the beta on my 2014 Nexus 6 and it's running just fine--no crashes or anything. blahmoomoo If they can one day figure out when I mean to say "if" or "of", I'll be happy. It feels like less of a problem recently, but it still happens sometimes... Lare2 The problem I have with Gboard is that when you write on two languages and forget to change the language, over the time, it will start suggesting words on the wrong language. Rod This. On the other hand, Swiftkey handles languages nicely. big_al77 I love gboard. Best keyboard for a while now Miku is Best Vocaloid I started using it as soon as they added bilingual prediction. Ha hecho mi vida mucho más fácil. Joseph Walker Home-based mom Kelly Richards from New York City after giving up from her full time work managed to get paid from 26000 dollars-28000 dollars a month from freelancing in the house... This is how she working it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now matteventu And why the hell when I write in Italian it often tells me "Download now the Portuguese dictionary" (or some shit like that) as a tip? Can't it understand that I'm writing in Italian, with also the Italian dictionary set up? Lare2 It's​ doing the same to me when typing in Spanish. Stu I've finally made the switch from fleksy to gboard. Not the smoothest transition but there are some pluses. I just wish that when I turned off auto capitalization it worked for everything and not just the first letter of a sentence. Wouldn't mind if it knew that punctuation went at the end of the last word, even if I put a space already (like with commas). Would also be nice if when I added words to the dictionary it knew better when to suggest them or auto add them. Even when I add shortcuts in the dictionary I still have to type very deliberately, add apostrophes myself, etc. My name is…. A far lesser keyboard to Swiftkey. Mike Each have their pros and cons, I personally prefer Gboard for it's speed but Swiftkey has more features going for it. KlausWillSeeYouNow There's nothing fast about having to correct nearly every word Gboard predicts or swipes wrong. It will change correctly typed words, like "got," to stuff that can neither be contextually nor structurally related, like "hey." It was just like torture. I wanted to love Gboard but couldn't :( Aaron I want to love Gboard still. Just couldn't keep using Swiftkey after after the MS buyout. KlausWillSeeYouNow Why? It's not like it has Outlook built in or anything. Dmitry Stepanushkin Sure some people will use swipe input, but I prefer tap, especially for English keyboard, it's much faster for me, and swipe feels unreliable. Mike I try to Swype all the time and it just feels like I'm wasting time versus just tapping. Christopher Bement Swiping is way faster for me. tlogank Gboard kills the battery on my S7 for some reason. I get more alerts about it eating my battery up than any other app. Wish that wasn't the case because it's my favorite keyboard, but I can't keep using it as is. Carson Saldanha Try setting the theme to black AMOLED. I know that shouldn't be the fix and probably won't fully fix it, but it'll for sure help a little and will only take a while until you get used to the look. tlogank I'm getting notices for it even when I'm not using it. It's like doing stuff in the background or something. Christopher Bement What have you tried in an attempt to fix it? tlogank Not much besides uninstalling and reinstalling it. Doesn't seem to help for more than a day. Druter Gboard is one of the most inaccurate keyboards on the Play store right now. Sometimes it almost seems as if it's trying to make typing as full of errors as possible. I have taken to reading everything two or three times to catch the errors and it still manages to sneak some in there. I do not have confidence enough in Gboard to type even short sentences and hit send without proofreading. If this is machine learning, the machine needs to go back to school obk88 just used it for about a week its very intriguing...using gifs, doing quick search from the keyboard and also used the translation option...but typing is just more effortless on swfitkey. Prediction is better on swiftkey, no suggestions in chrome or other apps is really annoying & gliding isnt as smooth...google is going in the right direction but this app still needs work...for now im back on swfitkey but keeping an eye on gboard for sure gv gboard may have machine learning algorithms, but they suck out loud. The ONLY thing it has going for it is launch speed. Other than that, it's far slower because it mis-predicts what word I'm swiping nearly 85% of the time. Seriously, I was swiping a text the other day and it didn't swipe a correct word. Eventually wound up thumbing the message just so I could talk! tehboogieman One of my biggest issues with Gboard is the inconsistency of whole word delete when swipe typing. I recently discovered there is a swipe backspace feature that I haven't read about anywhere that partially makes up for it, but I wish they would make the experience more consistent. If AP hasn't mentioned it yet it might be post worthy. I like a lot of the other improvements that Gboard has over the previous Google/AOSP keyboard. I've noticed a lot of improvements in text correction that takes a little getting used to, where it actually corrects groups of words or phrases in some situations. Still annoyed that I can't sync with my other devices just because I have one GSuite account Ailín Ó’S SwiftKey will remain my goto however. Nathan J And yet, they still can't tell the difference between to and too, or insist I meant CSV when I trace type "can." Rod Great post! Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 10 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 111 queries | 0.331s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy S8: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy S8: Australian Review PC Reviews Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure AMD Radeon RX 550: The Gizmodo Review Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews The Australian Home Battery Storage Buying Guide Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage The Coolest Smart Home Innovations In 2017 Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told On American Gods, Belief Is Starting To Make The Impossible Happen  Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review The Australian Home Battery Storage Buying Guide The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets I Threw Away $4.8 Million In Bitcoin Is This NBN 'Fibre To The Toilet' Installation For Real? DJI's New $859 Drone Looks An Awful Lot Like Everybody Else's Cheap Drone How To Use Google Calendar To Change Your Bad Habits Mobile The Best Value Prepaid Phone Plans In Australia The Best Apps For Hearing The News Before Anyone Else New Penalties Signal Long-Awaited Crackdown On 'Revenge Porn' Instagram Won't Stop Showing Me The Mother's Day Photos I Don't Want To See Car Tech Tesla's HR Head Is Out Amidst Complaints Over Discrimination And Unsafe Working Conditions Autonomous Cars Must Let Us Wander And Explore Without A Destination In Mind Barcelona Has Some Pretty Cool Cars, And Surprisingly Cool Vans Deals: Fang Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount Online How To Start Using Cloud Computing To Give Your Business A Competitive Edge Subtitles Open You Up To Hackers When Using Popular Media Players Apple Reveals It Received At Least One Secret FBI Request For User Data Battle Against Controversial NSA Surveillance Program Gets New Life Science & Health Check Out These Incredibly High Resolution Maps Of The Ocean Floor Let These Mind-Blowing Galaxy Simulations Melt Your Face Off Why Do We Want Robots To Destroy Us So Badly? Beetle Genitals Are Undergoing A Weird Evolutionary Arms Race Cameras Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Pennsylvania's New Body Camera Policy Would Allow Officers Unrestricted Access To Film In Homes Australia Looks Especially Beautiful From The Air In These Award-Winning Drone Photos Computing How To Figure Out What's Slowing Your Computer Down Meet The Beautiful New Microsoft Surface Pro When Windows 10 Screws Your Game Night NVIDIA Has Launched An Australian Online Store Gaming Xbox Live Gold Members Have Access To 'Game Pass' From Today Watch Gizmodo Take On Kotaku At A Sherlock-Themed Escape Room The Entire Marvel Universe Teams Up To Fight Kang In First Trailer For LEGO Marvel Superheroes 2 There's A Medical Malpractice Simulator Game And It Is Terrifying Entertainment This Isn't Anakin Skywalker's Lightsaber Any More, It's Rey's Here's The First Look At Netflix's Castlevania Show, Coming In July Racist Star Trek Fans Decry Discovery's Diversity, Revealing They Know Nothing About Star Trek We Have So Many Questions About What The Hell Is Happening In Twin Peaks: The Return Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Is This NBN 'Fibre To The Toilet' Installation For Real? How To Start Using Cloud Computing To Give Your Business A Competitive Edge All The Hints Of The War To Come In Game Of Thrones' New Trailer Fidget Spinners Are Trending On PornHub How To Use Google Calendar To Change Your Bad Habits David Nield May 25, 2017, 10:00am ⋅ Filed to:  android fieldguide google calendar ios phones schedule Share Image: Google Google Calendar isn't just for remembering your appointments and meetings, it has a far more productive feature built into it, one that helps you set goals and work toward them over time. Whether you want to start working out more often or need to finish the David Foster Wallace novel, here's how Google Calendar can help. The beauty of Google Calendar's goals feature is that it does all the hard work for you. You just tell the Calendar app what you want to do, and it helps you carve out enough time in the week, even smartly rescheduling your sessions should something come up. Image: Screenshot Of course willpower is required too — Google Calendar isn't going to get up early and do your yoga exercises for you — but having a smart assistant in tow to show you exactly when you should be fitting in time for developing good habits can make a real difference. It's easy to get started. In the Google Calendar apps for iOS or Android, tap the plus icon and choose Goal from the menu that pops up. Image: Screenshot Next, the app asks you a few questions. Make a choice from the categories shown (which include exercise, family time, and life organising), then tell Calendar the activity you want to schedule. You can also use the Custom option to write out your own. Then, pick how often you want to be doing the activity, from once a week to every day, and estimate how long it's going to take you. Finally, choose a best time for it, or select Any time to have Calendar cram the sessions in at whatever point it can. On the final screen you can customise the events using the standard Calendar interface. Image: Screenshot That's it — your calendar is now populated with the sessions you've specified. The app then prompts you to either defer each event or mark it as done, and you can take the same actions by tapping on the event entry. Google Calendar promises to get better at scheduling your sessions as you go, so if you're always deferring your 5.30am jog then it might switch it to 6.30am instead. It might just be enough to help you kick some lazy habits, pick up a whole set of healthier ones, or hone a new skill. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments kinesia @kinesia Dec 14, 2016, 12:29pm Yes, but how can it help you with something like "stopping smoking"? Reminders and set times are only going to bring to mind what you don't want to think about. Reply 0 nope @masterc82 Dec 14, 2016, 7:00pm There are nic ecigs, nic gum, nic patches and even pharmaceuticals for that. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now DJI Will Cripple Your Drone If You Don't Register It On The Company's Website Adam Clark Estes 23 May 2017 4:30 PM DJI just made a weird but ultimately sensible announcement. The next firmware updates for all of its drone models will require users to log into the website for a "new application activation process". If you don't, DJI will turn your drone into a lame hunk of plastic that barely flies. Meet The Beautiful New Microsoft Surface Pro Alex Cranz 23 May 2017 10:30 PM Image. Screenshot Microsoft held a big Surface event in Shanghai overnight. While the event was basically impossible to watch in America, with a broken liveblog and zero English livestreams, savvy viewers (and those fluent in Chinese) might have caught the big news. There's a new Surface Pro. It's been more than sixteen months since Microsoft's landmark tablet-laptop hybrid saw an update. In the intervening time, Microsoft has seen a lot of competitors attempt to encroach on the 2-1 device space While some of those clones have been aesthetically delightful, few have approached the slick combination of design and quality the Surface Pro delivers. So a refresh is welcomed, and this year's refresh could fix some of the tablet laptop's biggest problems, even if the name is stupid. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Fang Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount Deals: Stop People From Seeing All The Dodgy Stuff You Search Online Deals: This Is How You Can Build Smart Home Apps Deals: Get 1TB Of Cloud Storage For Life Trending Articles 1 DJI Will Cripple Your Drone If You Don't Register It On The Company's Website 2 Meet The Beautiful New Microsoft Surface Pro 3 I Threw Away $4.8 Million In Bitcoin Let These Mind-Blowing Galaxy Simulations Melt Your Face Off I Threw Away $4.8 Million In Bitcoin This Isn't Anakin Skywalker's Lightsaber Any More, It's Rey's Why Do We Want Robots To Destroy Us So Badly? If You Like Rhythm Games, You Should Play Neon FM Here's The Best Prepaid Phone Plans In Australia The Switch Is The Perfect Platform For Disgaea 5  Xbox's Game Pass Service Is Live From Today, If You Have Xbox Live Gold Approach Fitness Like A Video Game And Start Levelling Up Why You Should Keep A Journal (And How To Start Yours) Wordfence offers WordPress Security Audit Service How To Limit Polyphenol Loss In Your Vegetables 8 arrested in Manchester attack as a 'significant connection' emerges between the attacker and known ISIS recruiter The 10 most important things in the world right now AUSTRALIAN STOCKS LIFT: Here's what you need to know 10 things in tech you need to know today © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Biz Break: Could Google’s Waymo soon be worth… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Festivals this weekend Clown-face killer? Playmate pleads no contest Wienerschnitzel killing Instagram DEA bust Hoyer, the Anti-Kaepernick Business Biz Break: Could Google’s Waymo soon be worth way more than you thought? Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) (AP Photo/Paul Sancya) John Krafcik, CEO of Waymo, the autonomous vehicle company created by Google’s parent company, Alphabet introduces a Chrysler Pacifica hybrid outfitted with Waymo’s own suite of sensors and radar at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit, Sunday, Jan. 8, 2017. A research note from analysts at Morgan Stanley estimates that Waymo could be worth as much as $70 billion in a few years. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: May 24, 2017 at 3:51 pm | UPDATED: May 24, 2017 at 3:52 pm Top of the Order:   That’s a Lot of Waymo: When it became known that Google was getting into the self-driving car market, there was no doubt that the company was going to do something notable. The first notable thing was naming the technology venture Waymo. Maybe it’s supposed to mean, “Way More than what anyone else is doing?” What it might mean, however, is, “Way More than what anyone else is worth.” Because according to analysts from Morgan Stanley, Waymo could be worth $70 billion. Related Articles Biz Break: Google’s getting to know you, and what you buy, better than ever Google email suggests a company tip line for exposing leakers Biz Break: AT&T strike may close your local store this weekend Biz Break: Investors feed on latest Pandora sale reports Biz Break: Apple gets cranking on iPhones in India The Morgan analysts, Brian Nowak and Adam Jonas, said in a research note this week that Waymo’s new deal with ride-sharing company Lyft could provide the impetus for Waymo’s big potential valuation. Of course, that $70 billion figure won’t be attainable overnight. Nowak and Jonas said Waymo could get there if it ends up being responsible for 1 percent of all the miles driven worldwide in 2030. That’s a lot of miles to go. Just to put things in a bit of perspective, the U.S. Department of Transportation said that in 2016, American drivers alone put 3.2 trillion miles on the road. So, it’s safe to say that the number of miles Americans drive will increase substantially in another 13 years. And by then, Waymo could be big enough for Google to spin out on its own. Waymo is considered one of Google’s “other bets.” If it manages to reach that $70 billion valuation, or anything close to it, Waymo may turn out to be a bet that was worth placing. Middle Innings: Diversifying Apple: For all its history of developing products that change industries and create fiercely loyal customers, Apple has, at times, been a little slow on the draw regarding some matters. For example, Steve Jobs was never big on Apple paying out dividends during his time running Apple. In fact, Apple went from 1995 until 2012 without paying any dividends at all. Granted, part of that period included when many weren’t sure how long Apple would even be around. And for a company that touts its commitment to diversity, Apple hadn’t been in a rush to hire someone to oversee its diversification efforts. Until now, that is. Apple said it has named Denise Young Smith as its first vice president for inclusion and diversity. Smith is a 20-year Apple employee and is moving into her new job from her position as Apple’s vice president of worldwide human relations. Workman’s Comp?: Tesla has been a leader in the advancement of electric cars gaining popularity among consumers — at least among those who can afford one of Tesla’s vehicles. All those cars don’t get built without the workers at Tesla’s assembly plant in Fremont. And with all those workers doing their thing, accidents are bound to happen. But, a new study by the workplace group Worksafe found that work-related accidents involving Tesla employees were almost one-third higher than those at other automakers. The study, commissioned by Tesla, has the potential to add to employee efforts to unionize at the electric carmaker. Bottom of the Lineup: It was another upbeat day for investors as all the major stock indexes ended the day with respectable gains. The tech-focused Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.4 percent to 6,163.02. The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average also added 0.4 percent to finish the session at 21,012.42. And the broad-based Standard & Poor’s 500 Index climbed 0.3 percent to 2,404.39. Quote of the Day: “There is a severe affordability problem in the Bay Area.” — Andrew LePage, a research analyst with real estate information service CoreLogic. LePage was speaking about a CoreLogic report that showed median prices for Bay Area homes have hit an all-time high. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Apple Google Technology Tesla Waymo Workplace Diversity Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular So far, Hoyer is the 49ers’ anti-Kaepernick, which is exactly the idea With undercover Instagram account, DEA nabs alleged Bay Area drug dealer Massive landslide covers Highway 1 in southern Big Sur Bay Area median home prices hit all-time high San Jose City Council approves Greyhound condo towers Kawakami: Kevin Durant and the Warriors have been perfect together San Jose police identify man shot, killed in front of Wienerschnitzel Colin Kaepernick finally gets audition More in Business Hillsborough’s iconic ‘Flintstones’ home has a new owner May 24, 2017, 3:53 pm Iconic Hillsborough home that looks like a caveman’s dwelling now has a new owner Think grocery shopping is expensive in the Bay Area? New study says maybe not May 24, 2017, 3:04 pm A new study from startup Observa says that when it comes to healthy foods or baby products, for example, the Bay Area is actually pretty affordable compared to other cities. What’s it like inside the Rat Cafe at San Francisco Dungeon? May 24, 2017, 6:17 pm Visitors to the Dungeon on Rat Cafe dates won’t really sip coffee as wild rodents scurry about, but they can adopt a domestic rat from a rescue nonprofit. Despite ‘La La Land’ success, Hollywood blockbusters mostly shoot outside California May 24, 2017, 11:44 am Of the top 100 highest-grossing feature films released in 2016, only 12 were primarily shot in California. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up Google steps up ad attribution News, 25 May 2017 Topics Google MMM & attribution Data protection & privacy SAN FRANCISCO: Google, the internet giant, is to use billions of credit card transactions in an effort to prove that ads shown to users are driving purchase, even in offline stores, in a move that has sparked criticism for its impact on user privacy. Google Attribution, announced a blog post, will make it possible "for every marketer to measure the impact of their marketing across devices and cross-channel - all in one place". Though the company already analyzes browsing, search, and location history from across its apps and products, which it uses to attribute the efficacy of ads, the integration of transaction data will connect Google's understanding of the path to purchase like never before. However, privacy advocates say that there is a lack of understanding among consumers about how data this sensitive is being used; people could be uncomfortable with this intrusion, despite Google's assurances about the safety of user data, the Washington Post reported. "While we developed the concept for this product years ago, it required years of effort to develop a solution that could meet our stringent user privacy requirements," Google said. "To accomplish this, we developed a new, custom encryption technology that ensures users' data remains private, secure, and anonymous." With the move from location tracking to transaction tracking, Google will be able to boast that its platform will 'close the loop' on attribution, with access to roughly 70% of US credit and debit card sales thanks to new partnerships, the Seattle Times revealed. So far, Google has been relatively unscathed by attacks from hackers, though critics suggest that Google's new capabilities could make it a more enticing target. "The privacy implications of this are pretty massive," said Miro Copic, a professor of marketing at San Diego State University. "Google needs to tread very carefully." Google is recovering from an advertising boycott of its video service, YouTube, following the appearance of reputable brands' ads next to inappropriate content, since admitting that it still "can't guarantee" ad safety. Data sourced from Google, Washington Post, Seattle Times; additional content by WARC staff Sign up for daily news Latest News Europe's online adspend tops €40bn News IAB Research Awards winners announced News Russell Athletic flips category norms News New brands must create fame News News outlets bring halo effect to brands News Global cost of bot fraud declines News Google steps up ad attribution News Emerging markets take over half of FMCG spend View more News and Opinion More from WARC What we know about attribution and marketing mix modelling Precise attribution fuels marketing effectiveness Get a demo Topics Google MMM & attribution Data protection & privacy 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Quotebank Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF Your video, "Google's 55-inch Jamboard is a super-deluxe connected whiteboard" will start after this message from our sponsors. Loading video... CNET First Look Google's 55-inch Jamboard is a super-deluxe connected whiteboard Google's office dreams of collaborative brainstorming, in a TV-sized package. 1:34 / May 23, 2017 Transcript It looks like a giant whiteboard, but it's actually a massive 55-inch 4K touchscreen. It's Google Jamboard, and it isn't a TV or a standard computer. It's designed to be a work tool for collaboration, the sort of thing you'd find in a meeting room in a fancy company, like say, Google. That's where we got a chance to test it out in advance of its launch. Jamboard is $5,000, and also requires a several hundred dollar yearly subscription fee. So it's meant for offices, not for you. It comes with a wall mount, chalk-like stylus and large eraser. A rolling stand is sold separately. Jamboard runs on Android, but its meant to run entirely in G Suite for its collaborative app. It supports Google Cast and connects for corporate jam sessions via Google Hangouts. Jamboard recognizes handwriting surprisingly well, even my chicken scratch, thanks to Google's pretty strong cloud-based recognition. Posted notes and web clippings can be added in, and jamboard supports video conferencing. But it's not meant to be a document or spreadsheet editing tool. Instead, work is kept in a whiteboard sketch form with sessions saved for future reference in Drive. Google's on site jamboard also had employee ID card readers for instant tap ins. But that's a custom addition that could be added on jamboards Other companies. Jamboard's app runs on iOS and Android phones and tablets for collaboration, and you could even run Jamboard on those devices instead of on a giant specialized whiteboard screen. To Google, it's more about pushing the creative collaboration of Google's office software. Jamboard might someday become a more fully fledged computer but for now it's a really impressive way to push a really cool app and collaborative tools Coming up next Gita the robot followed me around New York to carry my stuff This pet cam can chase down your dog Beoncam is watching from your wrist These robots are coming for your children Lightseekers turns your action figure into a game controller This lifelike BB-8 toy follows your voice commands Teddy Ruxpin returns with wild new eyes Simon Optix turns your face into a board game Hologram Barbie is your new personal assistant This Tostitos bag blows Latest Gadgets videos Startup CEO claims Amazon stole the Echo Show 1:43 May 10, 2017 Nucleus is a touchscreen-enabled intercom, and its CEO thinks it may have inspired Amazon's Echo Show a little too much. Play video Apple acquires sleep tech company 1:03 May 10, 2017 Beddit, maker of a sleep tracker, is quietly picked up by Cupertino. Play video Amazon's new Echo Show packs a 7-inch touchscreen 1:22 May 9, 2017 The newest Echo device will be able to give you a lot more information than just a speaker. Play video Gita the robot followed me around New York to carry my stuff 2:30 March 15, 2017 The prototype cargo droid by Piaggio is nimble and cute but still has some kinks to work out. Play video This pet cam can chase down your dog 1:44 March 10, 2017 The Pebby cam is a robotic ball with a HD camera that you can control with your smartphone or pair with a collar to track down your... Play video Top 5 companies that should go retro 2:20 March 9, 2017 The Nokia 3310 should inspire these companies to bring back some tech from the past. Play video Beoncam is watching from your wrist 1:50 March 3, 2017 The Beoncam is a 360-degree camera that sits on your wrist. Pair it with a smartphone to see a different perspective on the world around... Play video These robots are coming for your children 1:48 February 24, 2017 Playtime is being invaded by a new generation of toy robots, such as the lifelike Luvabella baby doll. We find some new mechanical... Play video CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Vanity Fair hive Sign In/Up business technology politics the players hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Special Offer:Subscribe now for all four exclusive Star Wars covers Business Politics Technology The Players Sign In/Up Google Google Is Secretly Monitoring Your Real-World Purchases, Too Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Google Google Is Secretly Monitoring Your Real-World Purchases, Too The search giant has begun tracking consumer behavior through credit card purchases, but won’t say how its system works. by Maya KosoffMay 24, 2017 1:33 pm Email Facebook Twitter From Getty Images. In the battle between consumer privacy and online advertisers, it should come as little surprise that tech companies continuing to push the envelop as ad-tracking technology gets more sophisticated. The Google-Facebook duopoly has unlocked billions in annual profits by establishing ever more reliable ways to track the efficacy of ads, using vast amounts of data to target consumers and then monitor their purchasing behavior. DoubleClick Search, Google Analytics, AdWords, and Facebook Audience Network, and other adtech platforms have all proved that it’s possible to accurately measure returns, which keeps the ad dollars rolling in. But as the digital advertising landscape reaches a saturation point and digital media consumption slows, Silicon Valley is under pressure to better use the data it is already collecting. Which is why Google, in its effort to wring even more revenue from the world’s most valuable advertising platform, has begun mining consumer credit-card data to track how much its users spend in brick-and-mortar stores after clicking on digital ads. “For the first time, Google Attribution makes it possible for every marketer to measure the impact of their marketing across devices and cross-channel — all in one place,” Google, which says it captures about 70 percent of credit- and debit-card transactions in the U.S., announced on Tuesday. Google appears sensitive to the potential for consumer privacy issues, and is already trying to defuse concerns. The new program, which matches-up logged-in users’ ad-clicks with purchases made on credit and debit cards, won’t be done at an individual level, according to the company—there’s no way to show how much an individual spent or what he or she bought. “While we developed the concept for this product years ago, it required years of effort to develop a solution that could meet our stringent user privacy requirements,” a spokesman told the BBC. “To accomplish this, we developed a new, custom encryption technology that ensures users’ data remains private, secure, and anonymous.” Still, some critics are alarmed—especially since Google declined to explain how its tracking system works. “What’s really fascinating to me is that as the companies become increasingly intrusive in terms of their data collection, they also become more secretive,” Marc Rotenberg, the executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, told The Washington Post. Google’s latest initiative isn’t its first attempt at tracking consumer behavior in the real world, nor is it the only company to do so. Google started tracking its users' location data in 2014 to measure how clicks on ads in Google Search impacted in-store traffic, as a metric within AdWords. Last year, Google started incorporating local ads into Google Maps as a means to draw users into nearby stores they may be interested in. Facebook, too, introduced a similar service for advertisers last year, using users’ phone-location services to figure out how many people who saw an ad for a store ended up visiting it. Brick-and-mortar retailers who advertise on Facebook can also include interactive maps with details about their storefront locations so users can find them in person. Share Email Facebook Twitter Maya KosoffMaya Kosoff writes about tech for VF.com, with a focus on start-ups and venture capital. YOU MIGHT LIKE Trump Praised Duterte for “Unbelievable Job” on Drug Crackdown that Has Killed ThousandsVanity Fair Pope Francis Slips Trump the Ultimate Backhanded GiftVanity Fair Sean Hannity Refuses to Retract Wikileaks Conspiracy TheoryVanity Fair Inside the Trump Marriage: Melania’s BurdenVanity Fair Experts: Trump’s Speaking Style “Raises Questions About His Brain Health”Vanity Fair Pope Francis Slips Trump the Ultimate Backhanded GiftVanity Fair Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATED SEEK Trump Praised Duterte for “Unbelievable Job” on Drug Crackdown that Has Killed ThousandsBY ABIGAIL TRACY Pope Francis Slips Trump the Ultimate Backhanded GiftBY ISOBEL THOMPSON SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
News Opinion Tech Reviews Events Webcasts Job Zone Newsletters Social Media Facebook @LibraryJournal @LJReviews Tumblr May 24, 2017 Contact Us Masthead Contact the Reviews Editors LJ Social Media Print Subscriptions Advertise Awards Submissions News, Features, Feedback, etc. Submitting Titles to the LJ Book Review About Diversity Privacy Policy Comment Policy Terms of Use Library Journal Library News, Reviews, and Views Loading ... Latest Stories Publishing & Industry News Architecture, Buildings, & Facilities ALA Conferences & Meetings More Categories Features 2017 Movers & Shakers Year in Architecture Star Libraries Placements and Salaries Survey Library of the Year Best Small Library in America Librarian of the Year Paralibrarian of the Year INFOdocket Academic Academic Movers Technology Managing Libraries Budgets & Funding Marketing Library Services Lead the Change Careers People Placements & Salaries LIS Education Job Zone Reviews Prepub Alert Audio in Advance Collection Development Readers’ Advisory What We’re Reading Opinion Columns Backtalk Self Publishing and Libraries by James LaRue Peer to Peer Review by Various From the Bell Tower by Steven Bell Not Dead Yet by Cheryl LaGuardia Leading from the Library by Steven Bell The User Experience by Aaron Schmidt Office Hours by MIchael Stephens Blatant Berry by John N. Berry III, Editor-at-Large Editorial Blogs Annoyed Librarian INFOdocket by Gary Price Digital Libraries by Roy Tennant In the Bookroom Subscribe to LJ Subscribe to Library Hotline LJ for iPad Book Verdict Subscribe to Email Newsletters Awards Research Case Studies Professional Development The 5 Essentials for Creating Community-Centered Libraries | Online Course Social Media Made Simple | Online Course Fighting Fake News | Online Course Designing a People-Focused Library | Online Course Designing the Future: A Design Thinking Workshop | Live Event In-Person Staff Training | Live Workshops Events Day of Dialog Design Institute Directors’ Summit The Digital Shift SELF-e SELF-e Submissions You are here: Home / / Newspaper: Disappearing Archive Only Temporary Newspaper: Disappearing Archive Only Temporary By Bob Warburton on September 1, 2016 9 Comments [This article was updated/corrected on 9/14 following an e-mail exchange with Milwaukee Journal Sentinel President Chris Stegman.]  A popular digital Milwaukee Journal Sentinel newspaper archive will “soon” be available again to Milwaukee Public Library (MPL) patrons after it abruptly vanished without explanation on August 16, the paper’s president told Library Journal on Wednesday. The online archive, which spanned millions of digital pages covering roughly 120 years of local history in city newspapers, had been available at MPL since 2009 through the Google News Archive. The database was removed without warning, leaving researchers, genealogists, and other library patrons in the lurch. But Chris Stegman, who took over as Milwaukee Journal Sentinel president in June, said the digital archive’s disappearance was nothing more than an unfortunate mix-up caused by a switch to a new computer system at the newspaper, which was purchased by the Gannett Corporation in April. “That’s hopefully going to be resolved soon,” he said of the archive’s removal, adding that he could not pinpoint a more precise date for its return. Google will no longer host the online material, Stegman added. “The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel has a partnership with NewsBank to develop and maintain a digitized, permanent collection of our valuable archival information,” Stegman wrote in a September 14 e-mail to LJ. “This is a massive development project involving digitizing millions of pages of microfilm. Once completed, NewsBank will provide the archive service to our newspaper and community, including the Milwaukee Public Library.” He continued: “NewsBank and the Milwaukee Public Library are in discussion to establish the business terms for this service. The library currently has a no-fee trial of the sample collection; library patron access to the archive is subject to further negotiation and agreement between NewsBank and the library.” Loss left a gap Paula Kiely, MPL’s director, said the sudden loss of the archive caused no small amount of consternation for some MPL patrons, who were using it as a valuable research tool. “I imagine it’s like losing your hard drive,” she said, adding that library officials had no previous information as to when, or if, the archive would return or why it went away in the first place. “For some, the resource affected their work lives; for others, a connection with their families. Some have indicated that research they’ve done over an extended period of time and bookmarked—for some, hundreds of articles—has been lost to them. We hope when full access is returned that these bookmarks will also be restored.” Cathy Markwiese, MPL’s metadata librarian, said she tried diligently after August 16 to contact Google seeking an explanation for the archive’s removal, but made very little headway. Google’s press office did respond to LJ’s separate inquiry. “Google just hosted the content and the Milwaukee Journal requested the removal because they will soon be offering the archive via their own product,” wrote Maggie Shiels, a corporate communications officer with the Mountain View, CA, tech giant. Content contribution There’s another reason why MPL officials were alarmed to see the Google content vanish: The library had donated almost a third of the source material used to construct that archive in the first place. In 2009, when Google began digitizing microfilm and other perishable sources to create the newspaper database, the company found it lacked a significant amount of Milwaukee material. MPL, it turned out, had a large trove of much-needed microfilm, Kiely said, and the library board voted to turn it over free of charge in the name of building a modern sustainable online resource. Markwiese said that contribution of “master film” amounted to about 30 percent of what Google would eventually offer in its Milwaukee newspaper archive. This included Milwaukee Journal pages from 1910–20 and the Milwaukee Sentinel from 1837–1909. Those now-defunct dailies merged in 1995 to form the Journal Sentinel. A costly competitor The recent disappearance of that Google archive proved puzzling to MPL officials for another reason. For months, they have been wrestling with whether or not to buy a digital newspaper database from Florida-based NewsBank. The Journal Sentinel has been working with NewsBank for the last year or two to build a brand new newspaper archive. MPL officials have already been provided with large samples of this online material (which the library has not made available to patrons), Markwiese said. The librarian readily concedes the new archive has fewer chronological gaps, offers easier-to-read images, and is generally more user-friendly than the older Google product. It’s also much costlier. In May, NewsBank quoted its prices: The full menu of the new Journal Sentinel archive options would cost almost $1.5 million, Kiely said, although there are more inexpensive options that provide less online material. The library would also be charged an annual 1 percent network-hosting fee, with that amount scheduled to rise after three years. That price, Kiely added, is “out of reach” for the library right now, although talks with NewsBank are continuing. Chuck Palsho, president of NewsBank’s media services, said a company representative will visit Milwaukee in September to discuss the newspaper archive and help brainstorm for ways MPL can secure the necessary funding. “This is a very high-demand product,” Palsho said. “The challenge is more in the fundraising.” Kiely said she has engaged in talks with some Wisconsin state officials about “broader strategies” to make such a purchase possible, although it’s too early to tell if the state may be willing to provide any type of grant. MPL already subscribes to some NewsBank content, including a database of Journal Sentinel material from 1990 to the present day, and America’s Obituaries & Death Notices, a popular genealogy resource. But the expanded newspaper archive would not be another subscription; MPL would own that content outright. Added Markwiese, “I think we’re living in a capitalist society. They (NewsBank) saw a need. They have a product. They charge what the market will bear.” Markwiese said MPL’s annual materials budget is about $1.8 million (which covers, among other things, database subscriptions), so spending almost $1.5 million of that on the NewsBank digital archive was not feasible. Palsho, for his part, said the archive is not intended for sale as a materials purchase. He said it’s intended as a capital expense to be covered through grants or other outside donations. Prior to the newspaper’s statement that the library would still receive free access, national media Slate’s Future Tense had picked up the story of the Google takedown and proposed NewsBank replacement. There was even a petition started at MoveOn to restore the Google archive. Save Filed Under: Budgets & Funding, Digital Content, Digital Resources, Industry News, Public Services Tagged With: Milwaukee Public Library, newspaper archives Discussion: View 9 Comments Claims of “fake news” have vaulted once-dry information literacy into the spotlight. To seize the teachable moment, this online course will offer up-to-date tools and effective tactics to enable patrons to critically assess sources, facts, and context. Competitive team discounts are available. Please call 646-380-0773 to inquire about our discounted team rates. LEARN MORE   |   REGISTER NOW Spark Engagement Through Hands-On Learning Registration is now open for the fourth installment of Maker Workshop. Back with all new content, this 4-week online course will explore emerging technologies, digital making, STEAM, and web literacy spanning programs and ideas for all ages. This time, we’ll feature special sessions devoted to teen programming ideas and education that you can emulate at your school or public library. VIEW COURSE AGENDA   |   REGISTER NOW Comments James Worzala says: October 12, 2016 at 11:36 pm Any updates on the return ? Reply Wm McQuerry says: February 16, 2017 at 10:10 pm Archive cancellation was suppose to be short lived by the Journal, 7 months later still no Archives . I received email last wee from Stegman who apologized for delay and said it would be up shortly. I have my doubt. Anything you can add? Thanks Reply Bill McQuerry says: March 11, 2017 at 6:14 pm Mr Stegman told me several months ago that the archives would soon be up? I think he is stonewalling me. What exactly is the problem? Please tell me? Reply Bill McQuerry says: March 11, 2017 at 6:15 pm Is there a place where I can purchase access? Reply John Grube says: March 15, 2017 at 12:27 pm Bill, (and anyone else interested) I don’t believe the archive is ever coming back. I have tried buying a memebership at “GeneologyBank (another NewsBank business), but, even though they claim to have the entire archive, most searches bring up nothing, even items that I KNOW were there previously (with Google News). I suspect that in their greedy desire to make the information inaccessible, they have corrupted the databases connected with the archive. Jodi says: March 31, 2017 at 3:45 pm I was told by someone at the Journal that a new, better archive was going to be put online very soon. I was told that probably 6-12 months ago now. There is still no archive available anywhere. I asked them why they couldn’t have left the archives on Google until they got the new system up & running – no answer. I asked them if this was being done out of greed & now what once was free would now cost money – again, no answer. I emailed them for an update on the status & yes, once again, no answer. I told them that if this is how they conduct business, once my newspaper subscription came due, I would not be renewing it & I didn’t. I refuse to give my money to a company that only cares about $$$$$. The archives that Google created, was created from newspaper microfiche that is available for free at the local public libraries so it’s not like they were getting cheated out of anything. The Google service was such a HUGE resource for me as I was using it to help me with my genealogy. As someone who is disabled, it’s not always feasible to physically go to the library to look things up. These archives made it possible to access this information without having to go to the physical location. It also made the info available to everyone regardless of where you lived. If you don’t happen to live in Milwaukee county, you can’t access any of the online resources available through the Milwaukee Public Library website because you need to have a library card. In one of my my many emails to the Milw Journal, I advised them of those issues as well but they didn’t seem to care. In doing my research I’ve had to access several newspapers across the country & it seems the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel is the only one out there causing all these problems for customers who need access to their archives. Reply John says: May 3, 2017 at 2:18 pm The archive is clearly worth something to those of us who used to use it. Why should the Journal-Sentinel give it away for free? It’s not “greed” for a company to charge a fee for something that clearly has value. You say you will not give your money to a company that only cares about $$$$$s. Well, if that’s the case, you might as well quit grocery shopping, clothes shopping, paying your electric and phone bills and paying for your internet access. Because making money is the primary thing all of those companies care about. That’s why companies are in business — to make money. There’s nothing wrong with that. Elaine L says: April 1, 2017 at 4:43 pm I really miss the archives! I was born and raised in Milwaukee and read the Milwaukee Journal religiously! The archives provided a valuable research tool for me. It’s so sad that it went away! Reply SortingHat says: May 24, 2017 at 7:00 pm Sorry but it’s been over a year and it’s still gone. No it’s not temporary. Whoever told you that is likely either a bot or paid to give BS answers. Google is one of those *too big to fail* corporations that get all sorts of tax breaks and subsidies so they will do what the government wants not what you or I want. Too big to fail is too big to exist. This is where capitalism has lead and sadly I am not sure what the answer is other then using Anti Trust lawsuits to bust these big boys up. Reply Comment Policy: Be respectful, and do not attack the author, people mentioned in the article, or other commenters. Take on the idea, not the messenger. Don't use obscene, profane, or vulgar language. Stay on point. Comments that stray from the topic at hand may be deleted. Comments may be republished in print, online, or other forms of media, per our Terms of Use. We are not able to monitor every comment that comes through (though some comments with links to multiple URLs are held for spam-check moderation by the system). If you see something objectionable, please let us know. Once a comment has been flagged, a staff member will investigate. We accept clean XHTML in comments, but don't overdo it and please limit the number of links submitted in your comment. For more info, see the full Terms of Use. Speak Your Mind Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Recent & Popular Recent Posts Most Commented Most Viewed News Briefs for May 1, 2017 Gifts of This Hour | Office Hours Federal Budget Compromise Keeps—and Boosts—IMLS Funding Obama Center Garners Praise, Concerns Over Local Impact Michele Kimpton Named Interim Executive Director at DPLA Ex Libris President, Matti Shem Tov, Named New CEO of ProQuest President Donald Trump’s FY2018 Budget Cuts Nearly All Funding for IMLS, NEA, CPB, Others Tolerance Is Not Good Enough | BackTalk Public Outcry Saves Saskatchewan Library Funds Open Carry in Play for Nevada Libraries Teach Library Politics: Missing and Neglected Content in LIS Programs | Blatant Berry Federal Budget Compromise Keeps—and Boosts—IMLS Funding New Bills Would Let President, not Librarian of Congress, Name Copyright Register 15 Libraries Named IMLS National Medal Finalists 15 Libraries Named IMLS National Medal Finalists Federal Budget Compromise Keeps—and Boosts—IMLS Funding Tolerance Is Not Good Enough | BackTalk New Bills Would Let President, not Librarian of Congress, Name Copyright Register Leading a Difficult Conversation: There is Help | Leading from the Library Public Outcry Saves Saskatchewan Library Funds Teach Library Politics: Missing and Neglected Content in LIS Programs | Blatant Berry INFOdocket by Gary Price News Roundup Report: “Google Now Knows When Its Users Go to the Store and Buy Stuff” IUPUI University Library Begins 3-D Digitization of Indianapolis Motor Speedway Museum Items Measures for Justice: A New Data Tool For U.S. County Level Justice Statistics New Data: “The Financial Literacy of 15-Year-Olds in the U.S. and Abroad” New Journal Article: “Public Libraries as Publishers: Critical Opportunity” SPONSORED CONTENT Engaging Students in Science Using the 2017 Total Solar Eclipse 5 Things Medical Librarians Can Do to Help Clinicians Save Lives Enhance Student Engagement with Data Visualization The State of the STEM Economy (Infographic) Community Needs Dictate Local Library Functions SPONSORED CONTENT Of Fads and Fundamentals The Case For Local Online Tutorials 3 Fixes for The Most Common Library Marketing Mistakes Library UX: 3 Rules for A Beautiful Website On Any Budget 3 Common Mistakes in Working With Homeless Patrons Advertisement About Library Journal Contact Us Masthead Contact the Reviews Editors LJ Social Media Print Subscriptions Advertise Awards Submissions News, Features, Feedback, etc. Submitting Titles to the LJ Book Review About Diversity Privacy Policy Comment Policy Terms of Use On Twitter Tweets by @LibraryJournal On Facebook Top of Page Copyright Library Journal © 2017
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Rise of the Machines: Progress or Replacing MDs? Weight Linked to Migraine Pain: Pain Medicine News Report CardioBrief: NEJM Papers Spotlight Promising But Early New Cardio Drugs iMedicalApps: Review of Auscultation Learning App FDA Panel Backs Novel Anti-HER2 Drug for Breast Cancer LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Ophthalmology Rise of the Machines: Progress or Replacing MDs? AI technology changing ophthalmology practice MedpageToday savesaved by Peter A. Karth MD, MBA Ophthalmology Times May 24, 2017 Medicine -- including ophthalmology -- has come a long way over the past century, driven by brilliant and committed people and better technology. In ophthalmology alone, we can see the progress in laser vision correction and cataract surgery over the past 20 years to premium lenses. Treatment of glaucoma is entering a renaissance with a multitude of minimally invasive techniques. One of the things that drew me to ophthalmology was the wide use of advanced technology. For example, retinal imaging, which utilizes some of the most advanced technologies available (such as adaptive optics imaging) to femtosecond laser-based eye surgeries. Many of my colleagues echo these sentiments. As we look at this emerging technology, we can ask ourselves: Is medicine (and the greater world) entering a new dawn of artificial intelligence (AI) and technology? AI holds great promise in medicine. Machine learning and deep learning -- both subfields of AI -- are particularly of interest. In areas such as pathology and radiology, pattern recognition is the basis for making a diagnosis. As we see in the studies mentioned, machines are exceptional at recognizing complicated patterns at a complexity that only has been possible by humans until now. Furthermore, machines are faster and more consistent without the burdens of work hour rules, overtime pay, or costly benefits. Ophthalmic diagnosis utilizes pattern recognition extensively. Most ophthalmology diagnoses can be made exclusively with the ophthalmic examination, and more with addition of modern multimodal imaging. This likely means that machine-based diagnostic modalities are well suited for the ophthalmology space. Machine Learning In a recent JAMA paper, a Google team used an AI algorithm to interpret and grade fundus photographs with various stages of diabetic retinopathy as accurately as a cohort of ophthalmologists. The algorithm diagnosis was compared to the majority decision of at least seven board certified ophthalmologists grading over 11,000 color fundus photos. The algorithm attained sensitivity of 97.5% and 96.1% with specificity 93.4% and 93.9% in two image sets. Using an 8% prevalence of referable diabetic retinopathy, these results yield a negative predictive value of 99.6% to 99.8%. This Google deep-learning algorithm is an advanced artificial neural network, composed of many simple, highly interconnected processors. The nodes or processors within the system make simple calculations that are weighted and added together to produce the final output. The Google system was trained using about 120,000 color fundus photos diagnosed by ophthalmologists. In the training phase, the system made a diagnostic "guess" on each image. It then compared its answer to the ophthalmologists' labeled answer and adjusts the algorithm, learning how to compute the lowest possible diagnostic error. It does this again and again, hundreds of thousands of times. After the training was completed, the algorithm was validated in the study. About 11,000 never-before-seen images (out of sample) were shown to the algorithm, with the results compared to board certified ophthalmologists, which yielded impressive results. While Google's algorithm may not be the first to have success interpreting diabetic retinopathy images, it is the most extensive and thorough, considering the sheer number of images and the fact that every image was reliably pre-labeled by ophthalmologists. Humans Obsolete? As history has shown, an initial response to machine-learning advances in medicine can be one of concern that they will replace physicians. It is quite true that significant disruptive technology can cause reorganizations in the workplace and physicians are not immune. As physicians, we should look critically into the future to how these assistive technologies will affect us and make adjustments accordingly. Consider this dire prediction in diagnostic radiology: "They should stop training radiologists now," said Geoffrey Hinton, an AI computer scientist, University of Toronto. Fortunately, this is an extreme statement and does not directly apply to ophthalmology because of the procedural nature of our specialty. At this point, it is important to understand that these revolutionary technologies were developed to aid clinicians and are neither intended to nor will they replace physicians. Given that diabetes is one of the fastest growing and leading causes of blindness worldwide, the investigators at Google identified this significant unmet need that physicians and the current healthcare system are not fulfilling. A widespread deployment of a deep learning-based, diabetic retinopathy-screening program would lower the barriers of access to areas where an eye care provider may not be present. It would determine which patients have pathology, referring on a grander scale, and allow physicians to see more patients with pathology and less healthy patients. What's Best for Patients In the long run, this would provide earlier detection of referable diabetic eye disease and decrease overall healthcare costs. The introduction of assistive, or "smart," screening programs are likely to increase, not decrease, the volume of diabetic eye referrals-patients with real disease that need an ophthalmologist's expertise as a result of capturing a greater portion of the afflicted patient population with diabetic retinopathy. Clearly, they will increase the pathologic workload sent to ophthalmologists for treatment and management, thus increasing efficiency of time and of the healthcare system. Physicians have asked the question: "Will a machine diagnose as well as a physician?" We are one step closer to knowing that answer and it looks as though the answer may be a resounding "Yes," especially for pattern recognition-based diagnosis. Today, with machine learning showing promise across society and in areas of medicine, it perhaps is becoming clearer, although with much work to do. We need to ask ourselves, as skilled subspecialists charged with preserving patients' vision, how do we utilize these AI-based systems to provide the best care possible to patients? This article originally appeared on our partner's website Ophthalmology Times, which is a part of UBM Medica. (Free registration is required.) 2017-05-24T18:30:00-0400 Primary Source JAMA Source Reference: Gulshan V, et al. "Development and validation of a deep learning algorithm for detection of diabetic retinopathy in retinal fundus photographs" JAMA 2016 DOI: 10.1001/jama.2016.17216 0 comments More in Ophthalmology Rise of the Machines: Progress or Replacing MDs? Reviewing VEGF Results in DME: Ophthalmology Times Anti-VEGF Injections Bring on Eye Anxiety Hint of Vision Benefit with Gene Therapy About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 35 Plus 1 on G+ 70 Share on Facebook 61 Share on Twitter Total Shares166 Applications Google News Videos Today Google started rolling out another update to Google Voice, bringing things up to 5.2 The new version of the app brings widgets in three new sizes. It also provides a new setting in the app for the 7-year-old call screening feature. The feature has been around for a while, but you can now enable and disable it via the app. It seems the last few months were no fluke, and Google is committed to keeping Voice updated now that it's been redesigned out of the Holo era.    At first glance, things look the same. The Google Voice app hasn't been redesigned or changed graphically. After all, we did just see a redesign. But, it does have some sweet new features. There are three new widgets and a new option for call screening. The only visual indicator that you'll find in the app of the version change to 5.2 is that new call screening option in the settings menu. You can find it under "Calls," and toggling it enables or disables a pre-call automated message that tells you who is calling, and gives you the option to take the call or ignore it. To be clear, this is the same feature that Google Voice has had for 7 years online, but now we are able to enable and disable it via the app. It is a simple tweak, but a useful one.     There are also the three new widgets, which you can see above and below. The two smaller widgets offer just a couple of options, and the smallest only has one button, which controls which number you call from. You can toggle between four different call modes for Google Voice, and a toast indicator and. These are the same four that were present in previous versions of Google Voice. Namely the ability to set Google Voice for all calls, the SIM for all calls, Google Voice for international calls only, or to ask each time. They might be the same options as before, but now it's much easier to switch between them, as you don't have to open the app every time you might want to change it. The middle-sized widget adds two more buttons. You get a do not disturb mode toggle and a messaging shortcut to the app. Both of the widgets are resizable, and each one turns into the other if you adjust it to meet the other's parameters.    The third widget is the big one, and I have expanded it in the images here past the default size to show things off. It basically brings all the functionality of the app over into your homescreen. You can see missed messages, calls, and voicemails, with a tab at the bottom for each. The same outgoing call and do not disturb toggles are present, though they are larger and include text indicators. You also get the messaging shortcut, and it shows you your Google Voice number in the corner, should you be the forgetful type. The new update started rolling out yesterday, though not everyone seems to have gotten it. I have not, but I was able to install the latest version manually. If you don't see the most recent version on Google Play, feel free to pull it down via APKMirror. Download QR-Code Google Voice Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk download call screening Google Voice update video widgets subscribe ... Previous Story 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) ... Next Story PayPal integration in Android Pay is going live Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Billy Presley "WOULD YOU LIKE SOME MAKING FUCK, ..." Phenomenal Kyle Gospodnetich Life changing yochanan ...BERSERKER! Gailjrobinson Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sv133c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sv133c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs423TopFishGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sv133c:....,....... Ryne Hager MY LOVE FOR YOU IS LIKE A TRUCK. darrsil Does this fix the voicemails not updating in the Google Phone app? This broke after the Voice redesign. Jeremy Couch This is all I want to know too! I guess I'll try it and report back. Jeremy Couch It's still missing. I'll restart and check again but doesn't look like good news. Ryne Hager Nah, it is still missing. abqnm First being able to finally f*n type to assistant and, and now this, the second major release for Google Voice, all in one week? I/O time does have some benefits. Carson Saldanha Wait, Voice now works with Assistant?! abqnm No, I don't think so. Maybe. Haven't tried, sorry. But what I was talking about us that you can now type to Google assistant instead of having to use your voice. When it replaced Google Now, it made the home button shortcut that used to allow easy access to searching by text go to Assistant, which was voice only. But Google finally, after many horrible months as fixed this by adding a keyboard popup in Assistant. And then the Voice app gets an update, so I was relating the too because both of these were very long-awaited updates. Though the screen calls one was like a decade old, but it finally came. The keyboard was only 3 months, but it was a considerably more important feature. WitnessG What is that circle icon in the status bar? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Looks like battery, which is a little redundant. WitnessG Is it part of O or is it a rooted feature cause I think it looks nicer than the regular battery icon. Roh_Mish Nope. Rooted feature. davidofmidnight Now if they would put some effort into accurate transcriptions... Adam Margeson Put some effort into? You should hear the quality of their source material. They've come a *long* way, especially the last couple years. Santos Chavez They have, I've had Google Voice for years and it used to be laughably horrible, but it's vastly improved since then. Even the recent Spanish transcription that was added gets 90% of what was said right. andy_o wth, finally added Spanish? Is it recognized automatically? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ I mean, it's certainly better, but I still get some pretty amusing transcriptions every now and then. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ That third blurred out face looks so familiar... Ryne Hager He's just some dick from AP comments. hp-fourtwenty multiple account control!!!!!!!!! Adam Margeson Except they've got it in their terms of use that you only have a single Google voice account. jcopernicus Been there since the last major update, and it's broken if you DONT want an account signed in, as it will randomly try to go through the setup. gvanmeter I hope they fixed photos getting turned sideways after being sent and the lack of 3gppp video support. jcopernicus Still no voip? oh Erick Wright Would be nice if we can make this the default SMS app destinyhud would be nice but then after 2 years google will remove it. so why even bother mama1nana I wonder when Google will allow Google Assistant to send GV sms. keithzg Obligatory "why can't we have this in Canada?" (Hilariously enough, I had a phone number that would have worked for this, but it got taken away by the corrupt right-wing provincial government for hilariously dumb and self-serving reasons years before Google Voice became available.) Justin Bassett Now if only those on Project Fi could use it.... www_LAAG_us Sounds like everyone has same complaints I do. C'mon google make some substantive changes. Im tired of little silly stuff and window dressing..oh wait thats right google engineers do what they want to do not what users want. sorry Jeffrey Linton Thanks Ryne for the info. MattBoan I'm still waiting for them to unify Voice and Hangouts. Well. Mostly just the VoIP feature that for some reason is allowed on Hangouts, but not the friggin' official Google Voice app. They've been saying it is "coming soon" for months if not years now. www_LAAG_us Amen to that sam1331 "Your suffering waiting on Google will not go unnoticed, and will be rewarded in the next life!" - A recovering 6-year Google Voice user I don't know why Google is putting more focus on Google Voice these days, but I suspect it will still be treated as a second class citizen as it always has, with its users always hoping Google will smile upon them and finally make it awesome. It's always one update away... Nexus✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Still no outgoing calls from the app (voip) forced to use carrier minutes to place calls. On iOS you have been able to for quite a while. Means on Android the hangouts dialer and hangouts stats installed. Sigh. destinyhud well u have hangouts dialer to make voip calls using google voice number. so u r not without an option. I am waiting for them to add that feature to google voice and then i will uninstall hangout dialer rap I've been getting more frustrated with Google Voice lately. It takes forever to connect and now about half the time, the call doesn't go through and I have to try a second time or use my sim card # which confuses people. I'm trying to figure out if it is related to my phone being connected to a wifi that requires a sign in (like a public wifi) or maybe just a week wifi. Po Lite My guess is you have shotty internet at those times. I hope this was fixed in this version 5.2 but ever since 5.0 was released Google Voice requires internet to make phone calls if you don't believe me try it. Turn off WiFi and Mobile Data reboot phone and you will not be able to make a call with Google Voice. Then go to APK Mirror and download any 4.x version and do the same thing and it works every time. I tried to convert to the new google voice and give up on hangouts but I go to areas where cell is ok but 3G and LTE are bad and Google Voice 5.x will fail on dialing. So I changed back to Google Voice 4.x and works like a charm. So now I am back on Google Voice version 0.4.7.10 and Hangouts for SMS. oh well hope it gets fixed. BTW this problem exists on three different phones 1 AT&T and 2 T-Mobile. rap I got an email with a helpful reply from Po Lite but I don't see it showing up here. It sounded like exactly the problem I am having. I will sum up what it said: Since version 5.0, internet access (wifi or mobile data) is required to make a GV call. Po Lite had this same problem and reverted back to GV version 0.4.7.10 so could make calls where have cell reception but no data. atc-tech Nice! The call screening thing is one of the features I was really missing from the app! I like the new app and I have been using it for SMS every since it came out. It's better than Allo because I can use it across multiple devices (tablet, phone, work phone) and it has an web client version on the website! What I really wish I could do now is use Google Assistant to send SMS via Google Voice with no workaround or "ghost" numbers. Also, VOIP calling from within the app. xyz Still US-only. Still don't give a fuck about voice. Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 18 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 35 1 Year Ago Today Google Is Preparing To Add The Raspberry Pi 3 To AOSP, It Will Apparently Become An Officially Supported Device 2016/05/24 2:21pm PDTMay 24, 2016 264 2 Years Ago Today An Exclusive Early Look At The New Google Photos App 2015/05/24 10:36am PDTMay 24, 2015 18 3 Years Ago Today ZeroLemon's 9500mAh Extended Battery For The LG G Pro 2 Is Now On Sale For $50 2014/05/24 4:39pm PDTMay 24, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Sci-Fighters, Judge Dredd: Countdown Sec 106, Race Illegal, Mensa Academy, And RE-VOLT Free 2013/05/24 7:11pm PDTMay 24, 2013 41 5 Years Ago Today Better Than Magic - Stick Your Phone To A Wall, Treadmill, Or... Ceiling With PU Pads From The Makers Of Capta 2012/05/24 5:09pm PDTMay 24, 2012 22 6 Years Ago Today HTC "Reviewing" Its Bootloader Policy - We'll Believe It When We See It 2011/05/24 5:16pm PDTMay 24, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today That Was Quick: EVO 4G’s Already Been Rooted 2010/05/24 4:09pm PDTMay 24, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 18 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 125 queries | 0.343s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Google is secretly tracking your credit card purchases Google is secretly tracking your credit card purchases Home » Google » Google is secretly tracking your credit card purchases Posted By Ola Ric on May 24, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 Credit: https://adwords.googleblog.com/2017/05/powering-ads-and-analytics-innovations.html Google is always seeking new ways to improve its services—and there is nothing wrong with that, especially if things are done without breaking any rules. According to Bloomberg and Vanityfair, the tech giant is tracking credit cards of online purchases. Its target, according to Vanityfair, is to track how much is being spent in brick-and-mortar stores after a consumer clicks on digital ads. By so doing, Google is helping advertisers to see whether online ad campaigns generate offline sales. The company was able to arrive at its result by capturing around 70 percent of credit and debit cards in the US. Google Attribution as the company calls it, is a new product the search engine giant believes will solve a lot of unanswered questions. “Google Attribution also makes it easy to switch to data-driven attribution. Data-driven attribution uses machine learning to determine how much credit to assign to each step in the consumer journey — from the first time they engage with your brand for early research down to the final click before purchase. It analyzes your account’s unique conversion patterns, comparing the paths of customers who convert to those who don’t, so you get results that accurately represent your business.” While the company will now have access to details about your spending online, it will no doubt have information about the value of all your purchases in a particular period in time. Since it monitors your spending/purchasing in online stores, there is every tendency it has the ability to help advertisers build data about your purchasing ability. The company is also capable of collecting location information from your phone. This gives the search engine giant a massive advantage when it comes to working out when an ad has been viewed by you. It also gives Google information on whether you have searched for the product advertised, and whether you have actually made an offline purchase. Credit: https://adwords.googleblog.com/2017/05/powering-ads-and-analytics-innovations.html Google’s latest move will come as a rude shock to privacy crusaders who already feel threatened by issues that bother on how private data is being shared by some companies online. Access to private data by companies continues to be a major worry for Internet users. Last March, the House of Representatives passed a resolution overturning an FCC rule signed during the Obama administration. The FCC rule signed during the Obama era required permission from customers before internet providers could share their browsing history with other companies. The same rule, also permitted providers the power to protect customers from being vulnerable to hackers. Well, all that seems to be in the past as Congress voted in favor of selling your data to companies. By so doing, the House of Representative is following in the footsteps of the Senate, which had earlier on passed a similar resolution. The thing is, Americans spend a lot of time online and giving providers the all-clear to sell their browsing history is like monitoring their every move. It’s a crazy world to put it mildly; it basically means you have no right to privacy whenever you are online. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Ola Ric Ola Ric is a professional tech writer. He has written and provided tons of published articles for professionals and private individuals. He is also a social commentator and analyst, with relevant experience in the use of social media services. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Our Sponsor Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor Recent From Social Media News Facebook’s latest changes make it easier to spot trending topics May 24, 2017 Pinterest has a new way to discover food ideas May 24, 2017 Snapchat’s “Custom Stories” takes center stage; you can now catch great moments with friends May 23, 2017 Facebook adds option to watch Live videos privately with your friends May 23, 2017 Instagram may have bad impact on your child, according to study May 22, 2017 Advertisement Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman What happened to transparency? At the annual Nigerian jamboree to the Offshore Technology Conference (OTC) in Houston, Texas, Dr. IbeKachikwu, the minister of state for petroleum resources, told a “world press conference” on May 5, 2017 that Nigeria’s refineries would soon have new investors. He said 26 investors had indicated interest in the epileptic refineries. “By September, we will unveil the investors for the refineries,” the minister said smoothly, typically. “When we came onboard, the refineries were not working but as we speak, we have sizeable investment portfolio for them to an extent that we don’t know who to partner with for the investment.” Let’s say I didn’t go to school at all. Or let’s say it was evening school that I attended. These would still be my takeaways from the minister’s proclamations: one, our refineries are now in a position to attract investment; two, 26 investors have indicated interest in taking over the refineries (on a repair, operate and maintain, ROM, agreement); three, we have not taken a decision yet because there are so many suitors to choose from; and four, we will announce the favoured investors by September. Without attending Harvard Business School, I would still conclude that it appeared the process was going to be competitive and transparent. On May 11, 2017 (six days later, right?) Mr. Wale Tinubu, the CEO of Oando Plc, told the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) that the group had received approval of the government to “repair, operate and maintain” the Port Harcourt Refinery together with “our partner” Agip, a subsidiary of ENI, the Italian company indicted in the Malabu/OPL 245 affair. Tinubu said: “We plan to increase the refinery capacity from 30 per cent to 100 per cent.” Great news, as far I am concerned. We need the refineries back as soon as possible; we have had enough of the endless TAMs gulping billions of naira and spewing out virtually no products for decades. Now this is where I need your help. The last time I checked, with the help of Google, May and September are different months. There are June, July and August in-between. With the help of Google, I also discovered that the gap between when Kachikwu spoke in Houston and when Tinubu spoke in Lagos was a whopping six days — or, to make it simpler, less than one week. There are usually four weeks in a month, and from May 5, when Kachikwu spoke, to September, there are 17 weeks, according to the all-knowing Google. With Tinubu’s disclosure, should we assume that May is the new September? Or that September came early for Oando, Agip and Kachikwu? But I think Google is overrated. There were so many questions it could not answer. For instance, I asked: “Is Oando among the 26 investors Kachikwu boasted about in Houston?” I could not make head or tail of the results. Google came up with “FOX 26 Houston KRIV”. Nonsense. But I got more gibberish for other questions: did Oando and ENI send in a bid? Was it an unsolicited bid? Was it selective tendering? If it was competitive bidding, how many bids were received for Port Harcourt? How much did Oando/ENI bid? How much did others bid? How much did the bidders promise to invest? How many years will the ROM run? Are there concessions for the new operators? I can understand why Google got stuck — that almighty search machine likes transparency. If you do not make your information public, it cannot make it public for you. The best, or should I say the worst, Google would do is to suggest answers that it thinks are related to your questions, even when there is no connection whatsoever. If you google most of the major concessions and major contracts awarded by this government, you will get irrelevant answers on the process. For the same reason: transparency is very scarce in these major deals. We just wake up one day and hear that one company has been awarded a job. Not a word on the process. Don’t get me wrong: I’m not saying Oando should not take over the Port Harcourt Refinery. I have devoted a significant part of my column-writing career to promoting the cause of Nigerian companies. I believe that one day, made-in-Nigeria will be enjoyed all over the world. I want Nigerian companies to fly our flag honourably. Even though I have been called names and subjected to sickening innuendos for promoting Dangote, Globacom, Oando and Innosons, among others, I am not about to repent. Americans are proud of their Apple, Microsoft and Chevron, and my dream is that our people and our companies will become global brands too. That said, though, I am very worried about an emerging pattern in this administration. President Muhammadu Buhari campaigned on the strength of correcting the mistakes and misdeeds of the previous government, but I am seeing too much repetition for it to be coincidental. There is too much secrecy in the way many important things are done, and corruption, need we say, thrives on secrecy. Take away competition, take away transparency, take away accountability, and you have a perfect recipe for corruption. We cannot be sealing deals under the table without revealing the details to Nigerians and then claim we are building an open society. We just woke up one day to learn that GE had secured the concession to take over the railways. How did it happen? What are the details of the deal? Is this the best possible deal Nigeria can get? We were just watching TV one evening and learnt that the federal government had finally signed a renegotiated concession agreement with the Global Steel Holding Limited (GSHL) for Ajaokuta Steel. Up till today, we don’t know the details. Ask questions and what you get as answer is: who paid you to ask? As a journalist, I’m used to the blackmail. I would have quit this job the day I joined if I had to pay attention to personal attacks. By the way, I know a bit about the procurement options. I know of “sole sourcing”, where you go to one provider only because no other provider does it — like buying a Rolls Royce from the maker. “Selective tendering” allows you to approach a few providers who meet certain criteria. There is “repeat procurement”, where you return to earlier provider because of time constraints and because they did a previous job well. All these need strong justifications because you are restricting competition, which is a major element of procurement. And then there is “competitive bidding”, where you throw it open to all. In all, Nigerians deserve to know the process adopted. Get me right. I am not saying anything illegal is being done in the case of the Port Harcourt Refinery. It just lacks transparency. That’s my point. And what about other moral issues? ENI again? As I write this, many Nigerians are being prosecuted or wanted by the EFCC for their involvement in the OPL 245 deal. They are being accused of taking part in an elaborate bribery scheme. But ENI, which is at the centre of it all and is being prosecuted by an Italian prosecutor for its role in the $1.3 billion affair, is cornering more deals in Nigeria without getting as much as a slap on the wrist. The impression being created is that our anti-graft war is very narrow. I sympathise with the government over the limitations imposed by procurement rules, particularly the constraint of speed, but the process was designed for a purpose. More so, this government has been in power for nearly two years, which means a lot could still have been accomplished over the years in spite of the constraints. And, remember, there are many options that can shorten the process which the government has been using for a while now. The biggest headache, though, is that there is too much opaqueness for us to conclude that transparency is a guiding principle. The chaos over the concessioning of Port Harcourt Refinery is a very good example. Dissonance. Distributed by APO on behalf of Simon Kolawolelive. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Leading Veterans Groups Respond to VA Budget for Fiscal Years 2018-19 Next PostNext BPE Oblivious of Agip/Oando Planned Concession of Port Harcourt Refinery Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman What happened to transparency? At the annual Nigerian jamboree to the Offshore Technology Conference (OTC) in Houston, Texas, Dr. IbeKachikwu, the minister of state for petroleum resources, told a “world press conference” on May 5, 2017 that Nigeria’s refineries would soon have new investors. He said 26 investors had indicated interest in the epileptic refineries. “By September, we will unveil the investors for the refineries,” the minister said smoothly, typically. “When we came onboard, the refineries were not working but as we speak, we have sizeable investment portfolio for them to an extent that we don’t know who to partner with for the investment.” Let’s say I didn’t go to school at all. Or let’s say it was evening school that I attended. These would still be my takeaways from the minister’s proclamations: one, our refineries are now in a position to attract investment; two, 26 investors have indicated interest in taking over the refineries (on a repair, operate and maintain, ROM, agreement); three, we have not taken a decision yet because there are so many suitors to choose from; and four, we will announce the favoured investors by September. Without attending Harvard Business School, I would still conclude that it appeared the process was going to be competitive and transparent. On May 11, 2017 (six days later, right?) Mr. Wale Tinubu, the CEO of Oando Plc, told the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) that the group had received approval of the government to “repair, operate and maintain” the Port Harcourt Refinery together with “our partner” Agip, a subsidiary of ENI, the Italian company indicted in the Malabu/OPL 245 affair. Tinubu said: “We plan to increase the refinery capacity from 30 per cent to 100 per cent.” Great news, as far I am concerned. We need the refineries back as soon as possible; we have had enough of the endless TAMs gulping billions of naira and spewing out virtually no products for decades. Now this is where I need your help. The last time I checked, with the help of Google, May and September are different months. There are June, July and August in-between. With the help of Google, I also discovered that the gap between when Kachikwu spoke in Houston and when Tinubu spoke in Lagos was a whopping six days — or, to make it simpler, less than one week. There are usually four weeks in a month, and from May 5, when Kachikwu spoke, to September, there are 17 weeks, according to the all-knowing Google. With Tinubu’s disclosure, should we assume that May is the new September? Or that September came early for Oando, Agip and Kachikwu? But I think Google is overrated. There were so many questions it could not answer. For instance, I asked: “Is Oando among the 26 investors Kachikwu boasted about in Houston?” I could not make head or tail of the results. Google came up with “FOX 26 Houston KRIV”. Nonsense. But I got more gibberish for other questions: did Oando and ENI send in a bid? Was it an unsolicited bid? Was it selective tendering? If it was competitive bidding, how many bids were received for Port Harcourt? How much did Oando/ENI bid? How much did others bid? How much did the bidders promise to invest? How many years will the ROM run? Are there concessions for the new operators? I can understand why Google got stuck — that almighty search machine likes transparency. If you do not make your information public, it cannot make it public for you. The best, or should I say the worst, Google would do is to suggest answers that it thinks are related to your questions, even when there is no connection whatsoever. If you google most of the major concessions and major contracts awarded by this government, you will get irrelevant answers on the process. For the same reason: transparency is very scarce in these major deals. We just wake up one day and hear that one company has been awarded a job. Not a word on the process. Don’t get me wrong: I’m not saying Oando should not take over the Port Harcourt Refinery. I have devoted a significant part of my column-writing career to promoting the cause of Nigerian companies. I believe that one day, made-in-Nigeria will be enjoyed all over the world. I want Nigerian companies to fly our flag honourably. Even though I have been called names and subjected to sickening innuendos for promoting Dangote, Globacom, Oando and Innosons, among others, I am not about to repent. Americans are proud of their Apple, Microsoft and Chevron, and my dream is that our people and our companies will become global brands too. That said, though, I am very worried about an emerging pattern in this administration. President Muhammadu Buhari campaigned on the strength of correcting the mistakes and misdeeds of the previous government, but I am seeing too much repetition for it to be coincidental. There is too much secrecy in the way many important things are done, and corruption, need we say, thrives on secrecy. Take away competition, take away transparency, take away accountability, and you have a perfect recipe for corruption. We cannot be sealing deals under the table without revealing the details to Nigerians and then claim we are building an open society. We just woke up one day to learn that GE had secured the concession to take over the railways. How did it happen? What are the details of the deal? Is this the best possible deal Nigeria can get? We were just watching TV one evening and learnt that the federal government had finally signed a renegotiated concession agreement with the Global Steel Holding Limited (GSHL) for Ajaokuta Steel. Up till today, we don’t know the details. Ask questions and what you get as answer is: who paid you to ask? As a journalist, I’m used to the blackmail. I would have quit this job the day I joined if I had to pay attention to personal attacks. By the way, I know a bit about the procurement options. I know of “sole sourcing”, where you go to one provider only because no other provider does it — like buying a Rolls Royce from the maker. “Selective tendering” allows you to approach a few providers who meet certain criteria. There is “repeat procurement”, where you return to earlier provider because of time constraints and because they did a previous job well. All these need strong justifications because you are restricting competition, which is a major element of procurement. And then there is “competitive bidding”, where you throw it open to all. In all, Nigerians deserve to know the process adopted. Get me right. I am not saying anything illegal is being done in the case of the Port Harcourt Refinery. It just lacks transparency. That’s my point. And what about other moral issues? ENI again? As I write this, many Nigerians are being prosecuted or wanted by the EFCC for their involvement in the OPL 245 deal. They are being accused of taking part in an elaborate bribery scheme. But ENI, which is at the centre of it all and is being prosecuted by an Italian prosecutor for its role in the $1.3 billion affair, is cornering more deals in Nigeria without getting as much as a slap on the wrist. The impression being created is that our anti-graft war is very narrow. I sympathise with the government over the limitations imposed by procurement rules, particularly the constraint of speed, but the process was designed for a purpose. More so, this government has been in power for nearly two years, which means a lot could still have been accomplished over the years in spite of the constraints. And, remember, there are many options that can shorten the process which the government has been using for a while now. The biggest headache, though, is that there is too much opaqueness for us to conclude that transparency is a guiding principle. The chaos over the concessioning of Port Harcourt Refinery is a very good example. Dissonance. Distributed by APO on behalf of Simon Kolawolelive. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Leading Veterans Groups Respond to VA Budget for Fiscal Years 2018-19 Next PostNext BPE Oblivious of Agip/Oando Planned Concession of Port Harcourt Refinery Search Recent Posts Eaton Brings Lighting Expertise to Georgia Tech’s Internet of Things Research Center World Hypodermic Needles Market 2017-2021: Report Concentrate on (Top Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Types, Forecast) Medical X-Ray Film Scanner Market sales Analysis and In-Depth Analysis on Market Dynamics, Emerging Trends, Growth Factors and Sales Forecast to 2021 BPE Oblivious of Agip/Oando Planned Concession of Port Harcourt Refinery BPE Oblivious of Agip/Oando Planned Concession of Port Harcourt Refinery Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Events Writers Projects Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Audio Life Timeline Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Silicon Valley's Big Three vs. Detroit's Golden-Age Big Three Today’s tech giants dominate the U.S. economy like automotive companies did before them, but what that dominance means has changed. A tunnel of Google homepage logos at Google's Los Angeles campus Lucy Nicholson / Reuters Most Popular My Family’s Slave Alex Tizon  May 16, 2017 When Your Child Is a Psychopath Barbara Bradley Hagerty May 16, 2017 The Trump Organization Says It's 'Not Practical' to Comply With the Emoluments Clause Russell Berman May 24, 2017 Why American Workers Now Dress So Casually Deirdre Clemente May 22, 2017 洛拉：我家的奴隶 Alex Tizon  May 19, 2017 Alexis C. Madrigal May 24, 2017 Technology Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Over the last 20 years, the technology industry has become the most powerful industry in the world, boasting seven of the 20 most profitable companies. Last year, Apple literally doubled the profits ($53.4 billion) of the second-most profitable company, J.P. Morgan Chase ($24.4 billion). And when it comes to market value, tech companies sweep the top five: Apple, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and Facebook. These companies are not only huge and profitable; they’re also growing. By most measures, though not all, this power is concentrated in one specific region, the Pacific Coast, and even more tightly centralized in the San Francisco Bay Area. Incredibly, three of those five most valuable companies are located in three adjacent little towns in Silicon Valley. The total distance from Facebook in Menlo Park to Alphabet (née Google) in Mountain View to Apple in Cupertino is just 15 miles. These companies—with apologies to Intel, Oracle, and Cisco—have become the Big Three of Silicon Valley. Detroit had a Big Three for decades: General Motors, Ford, and Chrysler. They were also amazingly profitable, industry-leading, and birthed a global industry. In the late 1950s, these three companies had over 90 percent market share in the U.S. car market, which was also the world’s largest. Now, companies from a similarly small region occupy a similarly dominant role in the economy, which has powered economic growth over the last several decades. But a comparison between Detroit’s Big Three and Silicon Valley’s shows how much the economy around any individual company or place has changed. * * * Investors now value tech as they once valued automotive (and oil) companies. It was the IPO of the decade. Thousands of people flocked to brokers hoping to get their hands on some of the paper from one of the century’s most innovative and respected companies. Finally, finally, the common person could share in the wealth generated by the genius of … Ford. The year was 1956, and Ford, privately held since its inception by the Ford family and (later) the Ford Foundation, was accessing the public markets. More than 10 million shares went on the market and were immediately snatched up by hundreds of thousands of investors at an opening price of $64.50. The Ford Foundation made $642.6 million in the sale. It was the biggest IPO ever, as befit the automotive industry, which was the biggest in everything around the mid-century. Likewise, at the time Ford went public, the true behemoth of the American economy, General Motors, was the nation’s most valuable stock, running $263.27. And for good reason. These companies make a ton of money. In the second (1956) edition of the Fortune 500, Ford held the third slot in revenue and profit. That year, the company made $437 million dollars. General Motors took the top spot by becoming the first company to break $1 billion in profit that year ($1.19 to be exact). Only 16 companies even made $100 million in 1956. Chrysler was the least profitable of those companies, eking into the echelon with $100.1 million in profits. The only rival the car industry had was the oil industry, which had the number-two company on Fortune’s list, Exxon Mobil, as well as seven others in the top 20 most profitable companies. All this to say: making cars and fueling them dominated the American profit-making enterprise. Hell, even the two big tire manufacturers were among the top 35 profit-makers of 1956. Cars were national. Tech is global. But there are crucial differences between Detroit’s Big Three and Silicon Valley’s. One is that Silicon Valley’s companies are fully global enterprises. Since 2015, the majority of Facebook’s ad revenue comes from overseas. Apple crossed that threshold in the first quarter of 2010, and now roughly two-thirds of the company’s revenue comes from abroad. Google, too, has long made a majority of its money outside the U.S., though its home country represents nearly half its revenue. In fact, all the money that these companies are making overseas is one reason why they are valued so highly, Harvard Business School’s Shane Greenstein told me. “Since the election, the markets have factored in a presumed ‘tax holiday’ that allows firms to repatriate their foreign earnings without U.S. taxes,” Greenstein said. “That especially shapes the values of Apple and Google.” Since the election, Facebook is up 11 percent, Google is up 21 percent, and Apple is up a gobsmacking 34 percent. Perhaps this is even more remarkable, given that tech company employees gave Hillary Clinton 60 times the money they gave to Donald Trump ($3 million to $50,000). The tech labor force is a tiny fraction of the automotive industry’s. The other crucial difference is that tech’s leading companies employee far fewer people than Detroit’s Big Three did. This point can be made in the single chart above,  but it’s worth unpacking in three ways. One, even though the big industrial giants did employ a lot of people, by the 1950s they were already automating away some of the jobs that they’d just created by building huge factories. “Between 1948 and 1967—when the auto industry was at its economic peak—Detroit lost more than 130,000 manufacturing jobs,” the historian Thomas J. Sugrue has written. To me, that’s startling. This was the absolute golden age of manufacturing, yet in the seat of the most important industry, companies were shedding jobs. Two, the car companies’ employees were far more concentrated in Detroit and the surrounding cities than the tech companies’. Apple only has 25,000 employees in the “Santa Clara Valley.” Google likely has around 20,000 at its home. And let’s call it at around 6,000 Facebook folks in Menlo Park. Three, the tech companies have many, many, many subcontractors, from content moderators in the Philippines to manufacturing people at Foxconn in China to custodians on their own campuses to bus drivers dragging people up and down from San Francisco. The way modern companies work, they try to keep employees off their own balance sheets unless absolutely necessary, especially lower-wage workers. The original Big Three were the motive power for a whole region’s economy. By employing so many people at decent wages, they created broad-based prosperity. In Silicon Valley, the wealth that the Big Three create goes to a much smaller slice of the population, building wealth for thousands instead of hundreds of thousands of workers. In 2016, Facebook generated $600,000 of net income per employee. That is to say, the tech world, for all its disruptions, is a supercharged example of how the American economy as a whole works right now: The skilled and the already rich make huge amounts of money, and everyone else gets the leftovers. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video Trump Scandals Are Good for Putin Julia Ioffe argues that the one thing Putin wants from a Trump White House is chaos. Julia Ioffe, Leah Varjacques, and Alice Roth May 19, 2017 About the Author Alexis C. Madrigal is a staff writer at The Atlantic. He's the author of Powering the Dream: The History and Promise of Green Technology. Twitter Email Most Popular Presented by All photos courtesy of Alex Tizon and his family My Family’s Slave Alex Tizon  She lived with us for 56 years. She raised me and my siblings without pay. I was 11, a typical American kid, before I realized who she was. The ashes filled a black plastic box about the size of a toaster. It weighed three and a half pounds. I put it in a canvas tote bag and packed it in my suitcase this past July for the transpacific flight to Manila. From there I would travel by car to a rural village. When I arrived, I would hand over all that was left of the woman who had spent 56 years as a slave in my family’s household. Continue Reading Lola Dupre When Your Child Is a Psychopath Barbara Bradley Hagerty The condition has long been considered untreatable. Experts can spot it in a child as young as 3 or 4. But a new clinical approach offers hope. This is a good day, Samantha tells me: 10 on a scale of 10. We’re sitting in a conference room at the San Marcos Treatment Center, just south of Austin, Texas, a space that has witnessed countless difficult conversations between troubled children, their worried parents, and clinical therapists. But today promises unalloyed joy. Samantha’s mother is visiting from Idaho, as she does every six weeks, which means lunch off campus and an excursion to Target. The girl needs supplies: new jeans, yoga pants, nail polish. Listen to the audio version of this article:Download the Audm app for your iPhone to listen to more titles. At 11, Samantha is just over 5 feet tall and has wavy black hair and a steady gaze. She flashes a smile when I ask about her favorite subject (history), and grimaces when I ask about her least favorite (math). She seems poised and cheerful, a normal preteen. But when we steer into uncomfortable territory—the events that led her to this juvenile-treatment facility nearly 2,000 miles from her family—Samantha hesitates and looks down at her hands. “I wanted the whole world to myself,” she says. “So I made a whole entire book about how to hurt people.” Continue Reading Shannon Stapleton / Reuters The Trump Organization Says It's 'Not Practical' to Comply With the Emoluments Clause Russell Berman The president’s business tells lawmakers it is too difficult to track all its foreign revenue in accordance with constitutional requirements, and it hasn’t asked Congress for a permission slip. Days before taking office, Donald Trump said his company would donate all profits from foreign governments to the U.S. Treasury, part of an effort to avoid even the appearance of a conflict with the Constitution’s emoluments clause. Now, however, the Trump Organization is telling Congress that determining exactly how much of its profits come from foreign governments is simply more trouble than it’s worth. In response to a document request from the House Oversight Committee, Trump’s company sent a copy of an eight-page pamphlet detailing how it plans to track payments it receives from foreign governments at the firm’s many hotels, golf courses, and restaurants across the globe. But while the Trump Organization said it would set aside all money it collects from customers that identify themselves as representing a foreign government, it would not undertake a more intensive effort to determine if a payment would violate the Constitution’s prohibition on public office holders accepting an “emolument” from a foreign state. Continue Reading Corbis Historical / Getty Why American Workers Now Dress So Casually Deirdre Clemente The office was, until a few decades ago, the last stronghold of fashion formality. Silicon Valley changed that. Americans began the 20th century in bustles and bowler hats and ended it in velour sweatsuits and flannel shirts—the most radical shift in dress standards in human history. At the center of this sartorial revolution was business casual, a genre of dress that broke the last bastion of formality—office attire—to redefine the American wardrobe. Born in Silicon Valley in the early 1980s, business casual consists of khaki pants, sensible shoes, and button-down collared shirts. By the time it was mainstream, in the 1990s, it flummoxed HR managers and employees alike. “Welcome to the confusing world of business casual,” declared a fashion writer for the Chicago Tribune in 1995. With time and some coaching, people caught on. Today, though, the term “business casual” is nearly obsolete for describing the clothing of a workforce that includes many who work from home in yoga pants, put on a clean T-shirt for a Skype meeting, and don’t always go into the office. Continue Reading 文中所有照片承蒙阿列克斯·提臧及其家人提供 洛拉：我家的奴隶 Alex Tizon  她与我们家人一起生活了五十六年。她带大了我和我的兄弟姐妹，从早到晚做饭做清洁，从来没有工资。十一岁的我，一个典型的美国孩子，意识到她其实是我们家的奴隶。 她的骨灰装满了一个黑色塑料盒子，如烤面包机一般大小，重三磅半。去年七月，我用一个帆布口袋把这个盒子包起来，装在行李箱里，横越太平洋，飞去了马尼拉。我要从那里坐车去一个小乡村，去把这个在我家为奴五十六年的女人的骨灰交出去。 Continue Reading Shannon Stapleton / Reuters The Real Reasons for Marvel Comics’ Woes Asher Elbein A recent push for diversity has been blamed for weak print sales, but the company’s decades-old business practices are the true culprit. Marvel Comics has been having a rough time lately. Readers and critics met last year’s Civil War 2—a blockbuster crossover event (and a spiritual tie-in to the year’s big Marvel movie)—with disinterest and scorn. Two years of plummeting print comics sales culminated in a February during which only one series managed to sell over 50,000 copies. Three crossover events designed to pump up excitement came and went with little fanfare, while the lead-up to 2017’s blockbuster crossover Secret Empire—where a fascist Captain America subverts and conquers the United States—sparked such a negative response that the company later put out a statement imploring readers to buy the whole thing before judging it. On March 30, a battered Marvel decided to try and get to the bottom of the problem with a retailer summit—and promptly stuck its foot in its mouth. Continue Reading Andrea Spinelli / Corbis via Getty A World Without People Alan Taylor For a number of reasons, natural and human, people have abandoned many places around the world. For a number of reasons, natural and human, people have evacuated or otherwise abandoned many places around the world—large and small, old and new. Gathering images of deserted areas into a single photo essay, one can get a sense of what the world might look like if humans were to suddenly vanish from the planet. Collected here are recent scenes from abandoned construction projects, industrial disaster zones, blighted urban neighborhoods, towns where residents left to escape violence or natural disasters, derelict Olympic venues, ghost towns, and more. Continue Reading Mario Anzuoni / Reuters A Creationist Sues the Grand Canyon for Religious Discrimination Sarah Zhang The national park wouldn’t let him collect rocks for research. “How did the Grand Canyon form?” is a question so commonly pondered that YouTube is rife with explanations. Go down into the long tail of Grand Canyon videos, and you’ll eventually find a two-part, 35-minute lecture by Andrew Snelling. The first sign this isn’t a typical geology lecture comes about a minute in, when Snelling proclaims, “The Grand Canyon does provide a testament to the biblical account of Earth’s history.” Snelling is a prominent young-Earth creationist. For years, he has given lectures, guided biblical-themed Grand Canyon rafting tours, and worked for the nonprofit Answers in Genesis. (The CEO of Answers in Genesis, Ken Ham, is also behind the Creation Museum and the Ark Encounter theme park.) Young-Earth creationism, in contrast to other forms of creationism, specifically holds that the Earth is only thousands of years old. Snelling believes that the Grand Canyon formed after Noah’s flood—and he now claims the U.S. government is blocking his research in the canyon because of his religious views. Continue Reading AP/The Atlantic What ISIS Really Wants Graeme Wood The Islamic State is no mere collection of psychopaths. It is a religious group with carefully considered beliefs, among them that it is a key agent of the coming apocalypse. Here’s what that means for its strategy—and for how to stop it. What is the Islamic State? Where did it come from, and what are its intentions? The simplicity of these questions can be deceiving, and few Western leaders seem to know the answers. In December, The New York Times published confidential comments by Major General Michael K. Nagata, the Special Operations commander for the United States in the Middle East, admitting that he had hardly begun figuring out the Islamic State’s appeal. “We have not defeated the idea,” he said. “We do not even understand the idea.” In the past year, President Obama has referred to the Islamic State, variously, as “not Islamic” and as al-Qaeda’s “jayvee team,” statements that reflected confusion about the group, and may have contributed to significant strategic errors. Continue Reading ABC ABC's Dirty Dancing Remake Is a Sad, Strange Production Sophie Gilbert This definitely isn’t love. Inside ABC’s tonally bizarro update of the seminal 1987 romantic drama Dirty Dancing are about four different projects trying to get out. There’s the most obvious one, a frame-by-frame remake of the original that’s as awkward and ill-conceived as Gus Van Sant’s 1997 carbon copy of Psycho. There’s the one Abigail Breslin’s starring in, an emotionally textured and realistic coming-of-age story about a clumsy but engaging wallflower. There’s a musical, in which Breslin and Nicole Scherzinger mime along to their own singing voices in a strange dance rehearsal while half-heartedly exploring the idea that power emanates from the vagina. And there’s the most compelling story, a Wide Sargasso Sea-inspired spinoff starring Debra Messing as a lonely housewife coming to terms with the turbulent depths of her own desire. Continue Reading Why America Needs a Slavery Museum Paul Rosenfeld A wealthy white lawyer has spent 16 years and millions of dollars turning the Whitney Plantation into a memorial to the nation's past. Watch Video A New Understanding of the Childhood Brain Nicolas Pollock Uncovering the link between early trauma and lifelong illness Watch Video Why the White, Working Class Voted for Trump Tynesha Foreman and Nicolas Pollock New data and analysis from PRRI and The Atlantic suggests that it was cultural anxiety more than economic distress that fueled white, working-class support for Trump. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Technology Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad > Close
Home Af-Soomaali Africa somalia247 Asia Middle East World news Contact Us Somalia news News Ticker [ 25th May 2017 ] Dowlada Oo Ka Hadashay Qaraxii Shalay Ka Dhacay Dekedda Muqdisho + Dhageyso Af-Soomaali [ 24th May 2017 ] Nigeria:What happened to transparency? Business [ 24th May 2017 ] FIFA Boss sends condolence following the death of Somalia coach Featured [ 24th May 2017 ] Madaxweynaha Soomaaliya Oo Caawa Si Qurux Badan Loogu Soo Dhaweeyay Magaalada Doxa Af-Soomaali [ 24th May 2017 ] Wararkii Ugu Dambeeyay Qarax Galabta Gilgilay Magaalada Muqdisho Af-Soomaali Search for: HomeBusinessNigeria:What happened to transparency? Nigeria:What happened to transparency? 24th May 2017 Mo Business, Featured 0 By Simon Kolawolelive-=LAGOS, Nigeria, May 24, 20–At the annual Nigerian jamboree to the Offshore Technology Conference (OTC) in Houston, Texas, Dr. IbeKachikwu, the minister of state for petroleum resources, told a “world press conference” on May 5, 2017 that Nigeria’s refineries would soon have new investors. He said 26 investors had indicated interest in the epileptic refineries. “By September, we will unveil the investors for the refineries,” the minister said smoothly, typically. “When we came onboard, the refineries were not working but as we speak, we have sizeable investment portfolio for them to an extent that we don’t know who to partner with for the investment.”Let’s say I didn’t go to school at all. Or let’s say it was evening school that I attended. These would still be my takeaways from the minister’s proclamations: one, our refineries are now in a position to attract investment; two, 26 investors have indicated interest in taking over the refineries (on a repair, operate and maintain, ROM, agreement); three, we have not taken a decision yet because there are so many suitors to choose from; and four, we will announce the favoured investors by September. Without attending Harvard Business School, I would still conclude that it appeared the process was going to be competitive and transparent. On May 11, 2017 (six days later, right?) Mr. Wale Tinubu, the CEO of Oando Plc, told the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) that the group had received approval of the government to “repair, operate and maintain” the Port Harcourt Refinery together with “our partner” Agip, a subsidiary of ENI, the Italian company indicted in the Malabu/OPL 245 affair. Tinubu said: “We plan to increase the refinery capacity from 30 per cent to 100 per cent.” Great news, as far I am concerned. We need the refineries back as soon as possible; we have had enough of the endless TAMs gulping billions of naira and spewing out virtually no products for decades. Now this is where I need your help. The last time I checked, with the help of Google, May and September are different months. There are June, July and August in-between. With the help of Google, I also discovered that the gap between when Kachikwu spoke in Houston and when Tinubu spoke in Lagos was a whopping six days — or, to make it simpler, less than one week. There are usually four weeks in a month, and from May 5, when Kachikwu spoke, to September, there are 17 weeks, according to the all-knowing Google. With Tinubu’s disclosure, should we assume that May is the new September? Or that September came early for Oando, Agip and Kachikwu? But I think Google is overrated. There were so many questions it could not answer. For instance, I asked: “Is Oando among the 26 investors Kachikwu boasted about in Houston?” I could not make head or tail of the results. Google came up with “FOX 26 Houston KRIV”. Nonsense. But I got more gibberish for other questions: did Oando and ENI send in a bid? Was it an unsolicited bid? Was it selective tendering? If it was competitive bidding, how many bids were received for Port Harcourt? How much did Oando/ENI bid? How much did others bid? How much did the bidders promise to invest? How many years will the ROM run? Are there concessions for the new operators? I can understand why Google got stuck — that almighty search machine likes transparency. If you do not make your information public, it cannot make it public for you. The best, or should I say the worst, Google would do is to suggest answers that it thinks are related to your questions, even when there is no connection whatsoever. If you google most of the major concessions and major contracts awarded by this government, you will get irrelevant answers on the process. For the same reason: transparency is very scarce in these major deals. We just wake up one day and hear that one company has been awarded a job. Not a word on the process. Don’t get me wrong: I’m not saying Oando should not take over the Port Harcourt Refinery. I have devoted a significant part of my column-writing career to promoting the cause of Nigerian companies. I believe that one day, made-in-Nigeria will be enjoyed all over the world. I want Nigerian companies to fly our flag honourably. Even though I have been called names and subjected to sickening innuendos for promoting Dangote, Globacom, Oando and Innosons, among others, I am not about to repent. Americans are proud of their Apple, Microsoft and Chevron, and my dream is that our people and our companies will become global brands too. That said, though, I am very worried about an emerging pattern in this administration. President Muhammadu Buhari campaigned on the strength of correcting the mistakes and misdeeds of the previous government, but I am seeing too much repetition for it to be coincidental. There is too much secrecy in the way many important things are done, and corruption, need we say, thrives on secrecy. Take away competition, take away transparency, take away accountability, and you have a perfect recipe for corruption. We cannot be sealing deals under the table without revealing the details to Nigerians and then claim we are building an open society. We just woke up one day to learn that GE had secured the concession to take over the railways. How did it happen? What are the details of the deal? Is this the best possible deal Nigeria can get? We were just watching TV one evening and learnt that the federal government had finally signed a renegotiated concession agreement with the Global Steel Holding Limited (GSHL) for Ajaokuta Steel. Up till today, we don’t know the details. Ask questions and what you get as answer is: who paid you to ask? As a journalist, I’m used to the blackmail. I would have quit this job the day I joined if I had to pay attention to personal attacks. By the way, I know a bit about the procurement options. I know of “sole sourcing”, where you go to one provider only because no other provider does it — like buying a Rolls Royce from the maker. “Selective tendering” allows you to approach a few providers who meet certain criteria. There is “repeat procurement”, where you return to earlier provider because of time constraints and because they did a previous job well. All these need strong justifications because you are restricting competition, which is a major element of procurement. And then there is “competitive bidding”, where you throw it open to all. In all, Nigerians deserve to know the process adopted. Get me right. I am not saying anything illegal is being done in the case of the Port Harcourt Refinery. It just lacks transparency. That’s my point. And what about other moral issues? ENI again? As I write this, many Nigerians are being prosecuted or wanted by the EFCC for their involvement in the OPL 245 deal. They are being accused of taking part in an elaborate bribery scheme. But ENI, which is at the centre of it all and is being prosecuted by an Italian prosecutor for its role in the $1.3 billion affair, is cornering more deals in Nigeria without getting as much as a slap on the wrist. The impression being created is that our anti-graft war is very narrow. I sympathise with the government over the limitations imposed by procurement rules, particularly the constraint of speed, but the process was designed for a purpose. More so, this government has been in power for nearly two years, which means a lot could still have been accomplished over the years in spite of the constraints. And, remember, there are many options that can shorten the process which the government has been using for a while now. The biggest headache, though, is that there is too much opaqueness for us to conclude that transparency is a guiding principle. The chaos over the concessioning of Port Harcourt Refinery is a very good example. Dissonance. Sharing is caring! Facebook Twitter Google+ About Mo 6354 Articles Mareeg senior news editor since 2001 and he can be reached at news@mareeg.com Website Previous FIFA Boss sends condolence following the death of Somalia coach Next Dowlada Oo Ka Hadashay Qaraxii Shalay Ka Dhacay Dekedda Muqdisho + Dhageyso Latest posts Nigeria:What happened to transparency? 24th May 2017 0 FIFA Boss sends condolence following the death of Somalia coach 24th May 2017 0 Somali PM ensures freedom of expression to media practitioners 24th May 2017 0 US Secretary’s Remarks: On the Occasion of the State of Eritrea’s National Day 24th May 2017 0 Ethiopia:Hunger to hit emergrncylevels in Ethiopia despite rains 24th May 2017 0 World Health Elects Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as New Who Director-General 23rd May 2017 0 Somalia:AMISOM hands over clean water facility to local community living near its base camp in Mogadishu 23rd May 2017 0 Somalia:Suicide attack in Northwestern Somalia kills at least 5 people 23rd May 2017 0 Somalia:An estimated four million children are in urgent need of humanitarian assistance in Somalia 23rd May 2017 0 Somalia:EU Galicia Welcomes Official Representatives from Galmudug Authorities Aboard 23rd May 2017 0 Illegal fishing: EU Commission names Saint Vincent,Grenadines,Comoros as non-cooperating and warn Liberia 23rd May 2017 0 A research conducted in #Mogadishu to enhance the collaboration between the Media and Security apparatus 23rd May 2017 0 Mareeg.com All Africa Archive Somalia:18 media houses to establish a new Somali media consortium 27th December 2013 0 Twitter Follow @mareegonline  Mareeg Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Again? Education and Technology: Microsoft Learning Tools is software that helps improve reading skills by reducing visual crowding, highlighting words, and reading text aloud, so students can engage with words in a whole new way. Learn More Education and Technology: Microsoft Learning Tools is software that helps improve reading skills by reducing visual crowding, highlighting words, and reading text aloud, so students can engage with words in a whole new way. Learn more Again? Trending Most Read Related 1 1 Why Notre Dame Students Walked Out During Mike Pence’s Commencement Speech by Raleigh Van Ness 2 2 Portland Now Generates Electricity From Turbines Installed In City Water Pipes by Rafi Schwartz 3 3 Billy Bush Is Back—And, Wow, Is He Woke? 4 4 Texas Passes Bill To Prevent Non-Christians From Adopting Kids by Kate Ryan 5 5 Here’s Chris Cornell’s Last Tweet To His Wife Before He Suddenly Passed Away by Adam Albright-Hanna 6 6 Resistance In The Time Of Protest Selfies by Tasbeeh Herwees 7 7 Meet The New Breed Of Western Traveler: The "Beg-Packer"  by Pip Usher 8 8 Life Noggin Creates A Video To Debunk The Flat Earth Theory  by Tod Perry 9 9 Stephen Colbert Compares Obama And Trump’s Scandals In A Hilarious ‘Then And Now’ Segment   by Tod Perry Design Google Explains One Of Humanity’s Most Complex Issues Share May 24, 2017 at 14:00 Share on Facebook Click me! Share on Twitter Click me! Copy Link To put it bluntly, the refugee crisis is incredibly complex. Right now, the world is experiencing the highest levels of displacement on record, with more than 20 million people currently under “refugee” status—more than 5 million of whom come from Syria—according to the United Nations. Since the Syrian war began, millions of people have flooded over neighboring borders in the hopes of finding peace and safety for themselves and and their families. However, the conflict has turned more political than ever, with politicians and human rights groups the world over arguing just where to house all of these people. It’s such an overwhelming issue that it can seem easier to simply turn a blind eye and pretend the issue isn’t happening. But we can’t. It’s our duty as fellow humans on this tiny blue planet to ensure we never ignore humanity’s biggest issues. Thankfully, Google is here to help. On Monday, The U.N. refugee agency, in partnership with Google, launched a new and completely immersive website to help people understand the five most common search queries about Syria and its refugee crisis. /youtube] The site, titled Searching For Syria, allows users to explore some of the detail behind the five most searched questions using the United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) data with Google Maps, satellite imagery, videos, photography, and stories from refugees. “We see through Google Search trends that people are certainly trying to understand the scale of the crisis,” Google said in a statement. “Among the top trending searches in Germany, France, and the U.K. last year was ‘What is happening in Syria?’ and simply, ‘What is a refugee?’ People in every corner of the world are turning to Google Search to  find out what’s going on and how they might help. In 2016 alone, people searched for information about Syria and the Syrian people over tens of millions of times.” Beyond imagery, the site also explains the deep and rich history of Syria, something often forgotten today, noting its incredible impact on the whole of humankind, mentioning that Damascus was even honored as the Arab Capital of Culture in 2008, just before the war began. The site honors the once-stunning city by showing imagery of what it once was—versus what war and violence has reduced it to.  Check out Google’s heartbreaking before and after photos, breathtaking videos, and immersive 360-degree content here.  Recently on GOOD The Pope's Parting Gift To Trump Says It All It came in a manila folder Communities Kate Ryan The Message Left In This Memorial’s Guest Book Shows What Happens When Trump Goes Off-Script Trump's remarks diverge wildly from his pre-written (and eloquent) speech Communities Penn Collins Straight-A Student’s College Scholarship In Jeopardy After A Dress Code Violation She has a 4.4 GPA Education Tod Perry Inviting Strangers To Her Home, A Muslim Teenager Is Fighting Intolerance With Dinner Parties Her act isn’t just one of courage. It also shows her faith in the goodness of people Food Penn Collins NBA Falls For Weak Repeal Of North Carolina’s Transphobic Bathroom Bill With HB2 Gone, the NBA All Star Game will return to Charlotte in 2019 Sports Jeremy Repanich A Chicago Teen Creates Hope In His Pursuit Of A Cancer Cure The 19-year old has already been researching cancer for three years, with no signs of slowing down Health Penn Collins Culture Senator Al Franken: ‘I Hate Ted Cruz’ He dedicated an entire chpater in his new book to the Texas Senator by Tod Perry Education Chance The Rapper to Chicago’s Students: Make My Next Music Video Lil Chano From 79th and soul singer Jamila Woods are putting the city’s young talent in the spotlight by Liz Dwyer Money Friendship For Sale What it’s like to be a paid BFF for the day by Jackie Lam Live Well. Do Good. Features Infographics Projects Issues Menu 1 Million Humans can't be wrong. Like us on Facebook Twitter Is also an option, if you're into that The Daily GOOD Sign up to receive the best of GOOD delivered to your inbox each and every weekday Share this Google Explains One Of Humanity’s Most Complex Issues Recent What Parents and Teachers Say We Should Borrow From Charter Schools 1 day ago Meet The New Breed Of Western Traveler: The "Beg-Packer"  1 day ago Stephen Colbert Compares Obama And Trump’s Scandals In A Hilarious ‘Then And Now’ Segment   1 day ago A Sinkhole Opened Up Next To Mar-A-Lago, Leading To Lots Of Interesting Theories And Metaphors 1 day ago Curing Blindness May Be As Simple As Getting A Virus 1 day ago Coach Shuts Down A Reporter For Questioning His Decision To Let A Player Attend The Birth Of His Child 1 day ago #RoomForManchester: Strangers Offer Help And Kindness In The Aftermath Of Manchester Explosion 1 day ago Scientist Found The One Job Robots Will Never Be Able To Take From Us 2 days ago When The Teacher Is Also A Bully 2 days ago Fox News Fires Yet Another Prime Time Host After Racist Comments 2 days ago The Internet Just Greenlit Its First Meme-To-Movie Starring Rihanna And Lupita Nyong’o  2 days ago Women Masterfully Shames Notorious White Nationalist At The Gym 2 days ago Features Infographics Projects The GOOD 100 Meet the remarkable individuals tackling pressing global issues today. The GOOD Guide to Recycling The objects we discard aren’t trash. They’re a resource. The Local Globalists Meet 17 innovators who are changing our future for the better. Project Literacy Building partnerships for a more literate future. Issues Newsletter About Advertise Contact Shop FAQ Newsletter Subscribe Terms Privacy Careers ©2017 GOOD Worldwide Inc Never miss another GOOD thing. Like us on Facebook. We just wanted to let you know... our privacy policy has changed. You can check out the updated version here or dismiss this message! Our privacy policy has changed. You can check out the updated version here or dismiss this message!
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Assistant now offers topical next-word keyboard suggestions Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/05/24 7:57am PDTMay 24, 2017 40 Plus 1 on G+ 57 Share on Facebook 50 Share on Twitter Total Shares147 Google News A number of interesting upgrades for the Google Assistant were announced during the I/O developer conference last week, including the option to use the keyboard as the default input method instead of voice. Now that people have had a chance to play with the new setting it's become apparent that Assistant offers its own next-word suggestions, seemingly related to current events. How this works will depend on which keyboard you're using. If you’re using Gboard, its suggestions line will be disabled entirely and those from the Assistant will be displayed instead, as you can see in the first example below. If you're using another keyboard, such as SwiftKey (shown in the second example below), you'll see Assistant's proposed next words in a supplementary line above the keyboard's own. It stands to reason the implementation is a little smoother with Google's own Gboard.   Left: Assistant suggestions with Gboard. Right: With SwiftKey, Assistant adds a second row of suggestions. From the examples shown, and others we've tested, it seems next-word suggestions from the Google Assistant work much like the instant autocomplete queries that show up when you use Google Search, in that they will change depending on what's trending at the time. This could save you a lot of time if you're searching for something related to current affairs or even recent technology news. Another potentially useful aspect of this new feature can be seen when not entering anything with the keyboard at all. At this point, Assistant will show you the last two voice queries that a linked device has dealt with. In the example below, the last two questions Artem asked his Google Home are now appearing as suggestions. That's pretty useful if you want to see the information Google Home has already read out to you in written form, or if you want to explore the topic further. If anyone comes across anything else of interest, be sure to let us know. Thanks: Kavan Trivedi and Carson Saldanha Tags assistant gboard Google keyboard real-time suggestions Swiftkey subscribe ... Previous Story Google Opinion Rewards is now available in India, Singapore, and Turkey ... Next Story Garmin announces the VIRB 360-degree action camera, can record video at 5.7k and costs $799.99 Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Naga Sridhar Tried this yesterday! I think this makes Assistant more useful than before! Its easy to engage with assistance this way! Total Insecurity Which language? English? And which country? USA? Naga Sridhar Yes and yes! F4LL0U7 Indeed, what IS going on with the Trump and Bill O'Reilly? R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ They are being awesome. Unpopular but awesome F4LL0U7 I think your definition of "awesome" might be unpopular. But I don't know, maybe I shouldn't mess with that fancy and intimidating little Trumpette flag you're wearing on your username. Adam Margeson It doesn't look like it's "Taking over GBoard's suggested words". It looks like it's just stacking the auto-suggest on top of whatever keyboard might be up and leaving GBoard's suggestions line disabled. I'm not saying that Assistant's suggestions are worse than what your keyboard might suggest, but it seems like they're never going to enable suggested words for GBoard in the Google App or Assistant. Scott Scrivens Sorry, that was phrased badly but has now been corrected. Thanks for pointing it out! Winston I don't think Gboard suggestions were ever ENabled for Google Assistant in the first place. It wasnt in Google Search. andy_o The word suggestions are enabled on Assistant, have been since the beginning (since i/o). I depend on them cause I swipe, hopefully this new feature doesn't take that away. Vorastra http://i.imgur.com/oDS1j4z.png Adam Margeson Wierd. Apparently things have changed a bit since I stopped using Assistant. (Switched language to US Virgin Islands to go back to Now On Tap) Adam Margeson Kinda my point. They still haven't enabled it, Assistant is just providing it's own suggestions. AP was talking as if it was enabling it in GBoard and then taking it over. At least, that's how I read the article. Jonathan Payne I still don't have the keyboard option...so cool I guess? Andrew Palmer Try a reboot? Mine arrived quickly which surprised me. makapav Yeah me neither. I still haven't gotten around to setting up the voice personalization between myself and my wife on our Google homes. Maybe that's what I need to do first. Tobias S. And I still don't have the assistant at all.. ddevito So...Google Search? Jesus Google just make it all one app and one consistent experience. Exalm Uhm, it actually is one app. One huge app. ddevito Not on iOS it isn't, nor is the experience all interconnected on Android. Exalm I have no idea how it is on iOS, but on Android blog I would expect people to refer to Android unless specified. :) And on Android it _is_ technically one app. Experience is another thing, and I would agree that it could be more consistent. Ganesh Jain And Google Assistant is not available on my S7edge(Indian veriant) with Google Beta app installed... Abhilash Bingi Try changing your system language to English (US) Ganesh Jain It's on English US Ram S Charan Update your Google play services David Hyman I don't have this yet :( Exalm A question to people who already have this or the new query history: what Google app version do you have? Zaman It is still a kind of proof of concept. Still pretty unriable. Try to update your calendar with that voice control - miss or hit... Using keyboard is still the only option if you want to have the thing done quickly, especialy with a help of an app like that one: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.a3w4u.addquickeventfree Marcelove What's going on with Trump? He is showing his moves... https://youtu.be/eFOyCwCRTgw Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 10 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.746s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... SMS support for Hangouts officially ends today, excluding Google Voice and Project Fi subscribers Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/22 2:29pm PDTMay 22, 2017 98 Plus 1 on G+ 282 Share on Facebook 103 Share on Twitter Total Shares483 Applications Google News Videos Today is the day that Hangouts finally loses SMS support. We were warned by Google about it months ago when Hangouts started showing a warning that it would no longer support the feature. But, as of today, it's finally set to happen. For anyone who isn't on Project Fi or Google Voice — both of which will continue to support SMS in Hangouts — this is the end of an era. Many people, myself included, made the final push into Hangouts over other services when SMS support was added. The integrated conversations made it much easier to keep short communications together in one place. So far there's no word on if SMS support will be coming to Allo. Now that Hangouts support for SMS is finally over, we aren't really left with a clear migration method. Anyone that might have made use of it will have to either deal with using two separate apps again or move over to a new service. If you are looking for recommendations, Google's stock Android Messages isn't so bad. But, if you've been enjoying having SMS and chats merged, that isn't really a solution. Allo is always an option. But, that's the same issue from the other side, you'd still need to find a way to send SMS messages. There's always Facebook Messenger or Signal, which both provide a combined SMS and chat solution. Each has its disadvantages, though.  The latter doesn't have quite the same feature set that Hangouts did, and the former is a Facebook product. Either way, it's closing time. You might have just enough left to send one last SMS before the lights are shut off. If you still plan on using Hangouts for chats going forward, make sure you've updated to the latest version of over at Google Play or APKMirror. Download QR-Code Hangouts Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags Google Voice hangouts sms sms support video Voice subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Start off this week with 17 temporarily free and 15 on-sale apps, plus the first ... ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Anker PowerCore II 3x USB 6A 20000mAh dual input battery $34 after $10 off coupon code Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Never even used it once, Good_Ole_Pinocchio You're definitely in the minority there. Total Insecurity You know, buddy...? I never get it if you are just joking/lying or just clever and funny. Your name makes it pretty difficult to differentiate! Roy Me to crappy app. mxwp not even when you were checking your gmail on the computer and someone sent you a instant message? PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Never had the occasion. Cool story though: I was going to take a screen showing no archives, no "buddies" or whatever, and I see my wife has sent me a bunch of stickers (don't see a date, though). which is a surprise becauyse she's an iPhoner and I didn't even know she had Hangouts. Now I like Hangouts just as they EOL it! Suicide_Note Maybe she meant to send them to her boyfriend instead of you? ;) PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ lol YaKillaCJ Hangout is a great side number. TechGuy22 LOL 4Ui812 Google hangouts ... The only place where people never hanged out . cadtek91 *hung Ryne Hager Dunno, don't remember seeing anyone get hanged either. Even if we all got left out to dr-WHY GOOGLE, WHY?! JVF When referring to people it is always "Hanged", sounds funny but that's just how it is. It's a past participle. Ryne Hager Yup, I know. That was the joke. Jason E Perkins Yup. The past participle form of "hang out" is definitely "hung out." "Hanged" only means "suspended" or "put to death by hanging." 4Ui812 I understand what you're saying and I debated the proper way to put it..... I have to stand by hanged. xyz Hung Lo? instinct I am like 6 different active group chats in Hangouts. Good_Ole_Pinocchio Google doesn't care about you. humulos A truer statement has never been said Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2c9aad5a41d09ce24c4c4e04e7b3a28a2004487ff015df2fc519b5c2a9556024.gif Adrien Aubel Google's messaging strategy is now: - Android Messages for carriers & OEMs - meaning strictly SMS/RCS - Allo for their new consumer messaging service, and the focus of their upcoming work - Hangouts for business/enterprise Nothing personal :) humulos How innocent we once were, at the time when we witnessed Talk, Voice, SMS and G+ Messages become a single product, fulfilling all our dreams. Undone in naught but a few years, with this final limb being ripped from the body. But I guess I'm on Project Fi, so I'm good for now. My parents weren't happy about this news, since our family communicates primarily on large Hangouts threads. mxwp but if they are using actual Hangouts IM threads and not SMS they can still use Hangouts Shannon Butler Home-based mummy Kelly Richards from New York after quitting from her fulltime occupation has able to make from $26000 to $28000 on a monthly basis from freelancing in the house... This is just one way she successfully done it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now humulos For sure, and they still do. They just don't like having to use multiple apps for messaging. Adrien Aubel IMHO those big plans haven't been followed by strict coding/design rules, and Hangouts became progressively a technical mess, then a true nightmare for anybody to work on, with the UI becoming slower with each version, fortunately partly compensated by faster phones. To be fair, SMS/MMS can be very complicated to deal with, and Android development was much harder and potentially messy when Babel has been developed, the technologies available nowadays would have helped a lot. So down the road it would have been neither productive or future-proof to keep iterating all efforts inside Hangouts, at least without a total recode from the ground up. Right now I wonder if they will indeed clean the code up to remove all carrier SMS/MMS, and eventually speed up the app and make it smaller, or just roughly disable it. t_newt If Hangouts became a technical mess, the solution isn't to drop Hangouts, it's to fix Hangouts. They could have made it a framework for their products that any of their messengers could be installed into. Instead they are trying to make it an enterprise Slack competitor. What company is going to trust their company to Google's leftovers? "SMS/MMS can be very complicated to deal with". Apparently this is true at Google. Duder12 They aren't getting the left overs. They are getting two brand new products. Hangouts Meet and Hangouts Chat. pfmiller SMS can be complicated to deal with, but it's not dealt with by Hangouts. The OS handles SMS itself and then gives whichever SMS app you select access to the SMS message database. Adrien Aubel If you mean that the app doesn't have to interact directly with the radio, you're right. But the APIs provided for SMS/MMS by Google are nonetheless very tricky to integrate beautifully with. For example, the ContentProvider could be so much cleaner to interact with, and some OEMs like Samsung crash on non-simple queries. Another example is that most apps ship their own MMS logic, usually based on Google's own sources ( https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/services/Mms/+/master/ ), in case the carrier or OEM customized the system MMS logic and made it not work properly with apps other than their own, or if the system isn't configured correctly, and let the user the option to switch between this logic ("Legacy") and their system when it comes to send MMS. We could expect better from an OS serving 2B active users, but I'm glad it's at least open to 3rd party apps, unlike iOS. My name is…. Nobody ever used Hangouts for SMS outside America. Actually, nobidy uses SMS no more. There DOES exist a world outside America, you know, and its much bigger!! sproc Haha, you wish. Everyone I know is stuck on sms. They try whatsapp and stuff then abandon it. Adrien Aubel Especially iOS users, who already have a great "Messages" app that outsmarts SMS when possible. For them it doesn't make too much sense to download another messaging app every now and then. Rodrigo Gomes da Silva So.. where are you from? Jay No you wish, but you must be in the states. No one i know uses SMS anymore. It's an archaic dead service, only used for bank transaction notifications and amazon deliveries. Everyone else is either on whatsapp (yes 220 million of us in this country and growing at 4 million a month) or (wechat which is like what 85-90 percent of China) No one cares for SMS. xyz And where do you live? America. We already know. TheDrunkenClam What an unnecessarily smug and nagging comment. Winston Well it's true, even if it's smug. Outside the US, SMS is pretty much dead as we've all moved towards WhatsApp, as carriers still don't give unlimited texts by default. I think it's time to start asking another company for SMS integration. Christopher Gannon That would work if so many people in the US weren't using iMessage, where the only way a non-apple user can chat is via SMS. Then apple makes it very difficult NOT to use it, so good luck convincing your friends to give up siri, etc. I'd also like a solution, like hangouts or iMessage, where messages aren't restricted to a phone, and I can seamlessly use both on my laptop, tablet or phone. Jacquilinefpaniagua Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sc164c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sc164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketStockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sc164c:....,..... xyz What an unnecessarily stupid response to a fact. Ryan Yes, but we still have all of the money. xyz You mean the top 1% of your country has all the money. The rest of the developed world gets free healthcare and education, so even our middle class have plenty of spare cash to spend. Magister Good for them. I live in us and everyone uses sms, so that's what I use. What everyone else uses is moot. Michael Sørensen Nonsense. I'm not in the US (Europe) and the VAST majority in my country still use SMS. Alejandro And how do you send voice clips through SMS? Good luck with that runamonk Why the fuck are you sending voice clips? Just call them for fucks sake lol. Jesus you kids these days. IT'S A PHONE. Adrien Aubel At invi we observed that a significant amount of our users rely heavily on push to talk and voice typing. We want to improve it so that when you pick up the phone and put it on your ear it plays any unread message to make it more lightweight, as well as an auto-transcribe, but it's already pretty useful when you and your contact are used to it. When you're biking, on your way to the office, cooking, cute messages to your SO, ideas (that you can send to yourself as well), ... You can let your recipient get to your message whenever (s)he wants rather than requiring his/her availability right here and then. That being said, we'll bring soon WebRTC video calls / possible Duo integration to get face-to-face in one tap, and we expect this to indeed take over and reduce the microphone features usage. nigra truo Hahaha, you look silly defending a deficiency, voice memos are super useful, especially when driving or if somebodie's on a call. Used by many not stuck on sms. runamonk I'm not defending anything, sms is old and very long in the tooth. It should have been removed years ago. Andrew MMS handles voice clips just fine in my experience. dblock Easy, if your SMS app supports this (mine does), you can send voice clips as an attachment like any other MMS message. nigra truo Wow, the man is still using the archaic technology that is mms. Hahaha! I have not sent one like that since 2011, when i discovered whatsapp. Adrien Aubel I don't know if that's exactly what you meant, but on invi ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi ) you have push to talk, voice typing, and ability to share audio externally from any app (depending on the format and your carrier we may host it ourselves and send a link FYI). It's not just yet open outside of USA but I can eventually give you an APK if you can't wait to try it out, lmk! Tomáš Petrík Free for everyone, you say? Not here... And yes, I am in the EU. nigra truo Sms is over in europe, don't know where you are from, but you might want to be less backward and start using whatsapp like a billion other people, sms is archaic and it Can't do so many things that whatsapp can, which is already the defacto international IM standard, even on iphones, as it supports all the platforms. Michael Sørensen Scandinavia. And no one uses WhatsApp. Maybe backwards, but it works, and I still haven't seen a compelling argument for changing... Josh Brown outside america and use it everyday. Jason Hirsch I was very annoyed at having to add Hangouts as my SMS client. I couldn't keep separate separate anymore. Now in combination with Fi, GV, 2 phones and obi it's a nightmare. On this overseas trip i couldn't force Fi to dial via WiFi. So i had to go back and install Hangouts dialer. If they (Google) have a master plan there's no rhyme or reason to it. Nick I'm not sure what the future holds for us Fi users, but it's looking grim. My family and work is in the same boat it seems. I have been promoting Hangouts for a long time since it could handle everything I needed plus some, now as our services split out communications start to waver... All I can hope for now is they at least follow through with their promises to allo and add desktop support. (Status: Soon ™) atc-tech Google Voice users should still be able to use it too, I think? I don't know. I switched the the updated GV app when it came out around the same time the hangouts DEintegration was announced, so I'm not sure, but I think Voice users still can... Aaron Berlin Who knows what the plan is long-term for GVoice in Hangouts, but the actual GVoice app is actually good now. No equivalent to the chrome extension/desktop app, though. Ryne Hager You are right, Google Voice users can also continue to receive SMS messages in the app, I'll make that more clear. atc-tech Cool. I wasn't sure GV still could, but I thought I remembered hearing that we could. I gave up already though and use the prettier new GV app... Wish they would add back more features though. Ryne Hager The new app is so pretty. I do wish my GV voicemails would show up in my call logs again, though. atc-tech Yes! Along with the options for do not disturb mode. mxwp i exclusively use my GVoice number for calls and texts and use it on Hangouts. the update GVoice app has an annoying bug in that it tries to connect every account on your phone instead of just your main one. i have submitted it as a bug but have not heard anything back Tom Harman So when does Allo officially get SMS support, lol. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Same time it gets tablet support: Never. rndusrnm479461 Am I the only one who doesn't understand what's so good about SMS integration in either Allo or Hangouts? Is it really hard for you people to use 2 apps? Jesus christ. Google's "Android Messages" is lightweight anyway, why is it such a problem to use it? It shouldn't even eat much RAM. Kyle Gospodnetich Yes, yes you are. Please never work for Google, or really any company that has a hand in communications. My name is…. No, he is not Kyle Gospodnetich Congrats, now there's two of you idiots. iluvthesoftsoft One do-it-all app > two apps Adrien Aubel Let me know what you think about invi, https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi, we're trying to fix texting on Android and provide transparent switch between SMS&IM (devices handshake when you get into chats so that we determine whether you or the recipient has poor reception and should prefer SMS for example). MJ Two apps? One app for SMS and than Facebook, WhatsApp, Allo/Hangouts, and whatever to cover all my contacts. SMS is the only thing I can message 100% of my contacts with. Adrien Aubel Google's messaging strategy is now: - Android Messages for carriers & OEMs - meaning strictly SMS/RCS - Allo for their new consumer messaging service, and the focus of their upcoming work - Hangouts for business/enterprise They can't risk to upset carrier and OEMs by implementing non-carrier features in Android Messages / the default SMS app they provide. Or at least it's a risk they're not ready to take at that time. Btw I wouldn't say "Android Messages" is that lightweight btw, notably on modern devices it could be so much smoother :( sam1331 I don't get it either. When Android Messages came out I switched my SMS over to it. I quickly realized I was using it almost exclusively for 2 factor verification codes. But really, the notifications all go to the same place, I already have to decide whether to use Hangouts or Facebook Messenger when talking to basically anyone anyway. I also think people should push a little harder to move conversations over from SMS to something else, I've never found that to be very difficult. mxwp SMS is convenient because you know it will work with any American with a cell phone... including "dumb" flip phones. And it actually is really difficult to get people to switch to another service. Apple users just use imessage to send their SMS to me. And then I send them my glorious green bubbles and those ishills can suck it. YaKillaCJ Sms integration is important because it is supported by 100% of telecommunications service providers and integrated on all devices that can make a phone call and has a screen. You can even sms a home phone without a screen depending on carrier/service provider. Thus it messaging that works with 100% of your contacts. Having multiple Apps spread across 100s of contacts is plain annoying. So if any App wants to be taken serious, it needs to be serious and have sms. What's App already fills the void for bypassing sms across the globe. rndusrnm479461 This answer makes the most sense. Thanks. Adrien Aubel Let me know what you think about invi! play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi We're still new and young but we're very serious about our ambitions and not settling when we know it could/should be better. To fix texting on Android, we provide transparent switch between SMS&IM (devices handshake when you get into chats so that we determine whether you or the recipient has poor reception and should prefer SMS for example). Very handy in some countries/areas/events. And lets you reach *anybody* (that has a phone number). My name is…. Nobody uses SMS no more, and if i wanna send a text message to the last of the Mohicans, i will use my SMS app. I dont want no stupid integration and no stupid 'SMS fallback' that will make things worse. Chatting is not texting. YaKillaCJ There are only 2 widely used methods of messaging across mobile devices. Sms and What's App. Sms is supported on EVERY device from 2 way pagers and flip phones to house phones and smartphones. Any device that has a phone number supports sms. The majority of people doesn't care about added features like stickers and gif. We just care that all I need is the person phone number and from there I can call or text them. That's it. Bottom line is that it has to be a standard adopted by carriers on a worldwide scale. Hence what's app reason for such large scale use is it uses existing phone numbers for login, existing phone book for contact list, free, minimum data usage and encrypted. Even that is still not even used by a third of the devices that use sms. Ryuuie Last I checked, WhatsApp charged $1 or someshit. erptastic It has not done that officially for years. And even before that, they always just extended my account. Ryuuie Ah. Looks like it was recent and official as of last January but they dropped it. It was an annual $1 fee to use the app. disqus_Xz3y8OiO3O It's free YaKillaCJ Who actually pays that. I don't recall anyone ever paying. Besides, it's only $1 a year and that significantly cheaper than carriers who don't have unlimited sms charge. nigra truo The majority of people don't care about features? Go check the market share of whatsapp, you are misinformed. The majority does care and only hillbillies still use flip phones. ;-) YaKillaCJ Features are nice but seamless compatibility is more important. Btw last I recall, less than half of mobile phones in use are smartphones worldwide. Using What's App doesn't allow me to message 100% of my contacts, SMS does. Bottomline. nigra truo Sms has endless limitations that is making it useless compated to something as full featured as whatsapp, i found it easier to convince my backwards US friends to use whatsapp, as this will be the universal standard anyway, 1 billion users gives you a hint. YaKillaCJ I do agree that the standard needs to move forward. What I'm saying is that it would have to be a standard adopted by carriers & service providers worldwide. Until then, any App that wants to be taken serious and get use needs to fall back on the current standard. What's App billion users is small compared to the billions in use that support SMS. USA alone has 500million numbers that support sms and that just 1 country. mxwp in the larger scheme of things, I agree with you that it is not a big deal. still, having one app do both was convenient. the other complaint is Android fanboys being envious of iMessage, which Hangouts could have become. exadeci The main reason that people use Imessage is that you get rich messaging capabilities out of the box if the person you are talking to has an Iphone everything is abstracted, you add someone's number and you start chatting right aways no need to exchange accounts id's or find which app you both use. And if the other doesn't have an Iphone you can still message them or if you killed your data plan it sends an sms. But Google doesn't add sms support because they are pushing for RCS which is a GOOD thing: Standalone Messaging 1-to-1 Chat Group Chat File Transfer Content Sharing Social Presence Information IP Voice call Best Effort Video call Geolocation Exchange Audio Messaging Network based blacklist Capability Exchange based on Presence or SIP OPTIONS All this WITHOUT using any data, data needs an link to be established this doesn't. Chris Hannan It's not hard for most of us to use it. The problem is the people we contact don't want to use separate apps. Everyone with iPhones uses iMessage because it just works by default. But barely anybody I know uses Hangouts and nobody I know uses Allo. If it was all built into one app that shipped with Android phones, more people would use it. Troy Leonard and I removed Hangouts as of today I will no longer consider using any google messaging service ever again Sruly J Isn't Gmail a form of messaging? (Or do you not use Gmail?) Troy Leonard Not for long I'm transitioning over to outlook.com. And upgrading my phone to an iPhone. I'm sick of slow to no updates on my phone,and done with Google ruining everything I ever liked about their apps and Android. naysayer Good riddance. Adrien Aubel Let me know what you think about invi (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi), a new app that we're making that brings a lot of the goodies iMessage brings to iOS users, with big long-term ambitions, and still trying to preserve a consistent and sleek UI. Hopefully that will make you stick to Android and you'll make your iPhone friends jealous in a few months/years ;) Zsolt V Why bother evangilizing? He already decided Outlook on an iPhone is better than Gmail, so let him enjoy it. Troy Leonard Your link is broken Adrien Aubel Fixed thanks! Disqus didn't like the closing ')' at the end of the link. XgudwilX eww outloook😲 Total Insecurity Saying "upgrading my phone to an iPhone" is the same as converting from atheism to any religion. Just a downgrade. bekifft It's true, and their failings and obvious ulterior motives in messaging have, for the first time in a decade, made me consider moving my email back to a private service over which I have control. Roy Thank you and have a nice flight. -Matoro Zeliph- Just want to make sure I'm not missing anything. So Google Voice SMS will no longer work too? Corbin Davenport That will still work as well. Ryne Hager Google voice will still work, just like Fi. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ It's primarily that regular SMS will no longer function in the app. A while back they killed of threading of SMS/MMS and Hangout messages, and now they are killing SMS/MMS entirely out of the app and suggestin people to switch to Android Messages. -Matoro Zeliph- Ok cool! I'm good then. Thanks for the clarification everyone Bill Blandford Hangouts SMS looks like it still works for Google Voice SMS too. Essentially, this is like Fi, which is a Google Voice number at heart. My wifi-only-device kids use Hangouts to call and text with a Google Voice #. Timmy Turner Yeah GV will continue to work through Hangouts since the number you use via Project-Fi is a GV given number. Adrien Aubel For people that were still using Hangouts and want to try a new app that also does SMS & IM, that tries to provide a fast & polished experience to fix texting on Android, I'd love some honest feedback! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi We're trying hard to "make it right" and have so much planned on the roadmap, so any feedback is great to have to tweak things up. Let us know what you think! exadeci While the initiative is nice, why would we use your messaging app? If I want an instant message app that does sms and that no one else uses I already got Signal and at least Signal is proven to be secure. What makes Messenger (Facebook), WhatsApp and Imessage good? Their userbase. Ask anyone for a way to communicate and they will use one of those apps, no need for fallback sms when everyone has an account. Adrien Aubel Thanks for your feedback @exadeci:disqus! Great questions :) And Signal is nice as well! It's not for everybody but if you're happy with it keep using it but make sure to check us out in a few months to check that you haven't been missing out, we're going fast! I think there's much more to iMessage that makes it good than their userbase. It is a polished app that just works, and lets you reach anybody, therefore becoming your trusted "go to" texting app. We expect Google to release this summer new capabilities that will let you use IM in more scenarios. Very interesting stuff that we can't wait to let our users benefit from. But our initial target is actually SMS users, people that unlike you and I don't really care about the details, they just want a reliable app that sends and receive their messages. And they're actually quite happy with SMS/MMS in that regard, it just works (when you don't fight with APNs, something we try to prevent as well). We want to transparently "upgrade" those users that may be using Android Messages or a 3rd party app custom-made for the carrier or OEM, not necessarily developed with great care and polishment, and sometimes truly terrible (really, you wouldn't believe what's on some popular carriers, that most users end up using 10 times a day for years). Right now invi is mostly upgrading the transport of your messages and general experience as we develop another big focus of ours: bring your chats to life, try to get out of this 99% of messages exchanged being plain text. Texting can be the most impersonal way of communication and this flattens relationships. A bar suggests as you type relevant media to enrich in 1 tap your message and our users send 12% of their messages with stickers, GIFs, or regular images. Which helps you transmit how you truly felt when writing this message, it doesn't flatten as much your emotions (although we're far from done, it'll get much smarter and more personal on a per-chat basis). It always send instantly over IM as well (no upload or anything like that, optimized WebP images for super-fast download). Open your top 3 chats on Signal, chats that you have with people you care the most about, look at all this flat plain texting, and try to visualize the gap compared to what it could be, how it could have been more personal and transmitting more of your feelings or emotions. We're targeting this gap, and again, we're just getting started but have serious ambitions and motivation. If you use Snapchat, look at all that rich media that gets thrown to your eyes or that you throw to people, that doesn't always make sense and is often disconnected from conversations, sometimes losing its value and feeling like you just threw a bottle in the ocean, just leaving you with a list of who saw it. We're looking at that gap as well, as invi becomes more and more rich in terms of content creation. After a few iterations over a couple of years we believe that we found a solution that will let us bring up our roadmap in a consistent structure. State-of-the-art technology that is although just the foundation for all the exciting stuff that we want to add in the coming months. We are in talks with some OEMs and resellers to make invi default which would help grow invi's user base and help us improve our product with more diverse usage, while some upcoming features of invi should ultimately help us get a lot more users naturally. exadeci Signal has actually Gifs from Giphy, stickers and the possibility to send a location but I don't use this kind of feature even on Messenger it's quite rare that I send a sticker. Google is strongly pushing for RCS adoption which would add all these emotions sharing: https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-uniblog-publish-prod/original_images/Rogers_Google_RCS.gif https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-uniblog-publish-prod/original_images/Telenor_6P_GIF_0UHHQdI.gif https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-uniblog-publish-prod/images/RCS_Android_Update.width-600.png Adrien Aubel Exactly, but how relevant is Giphy? Again don't compare with things you've seen so far but with what it could potentially be if it truly understood your relationships and intentions, if it combined that with your taste and the way you usually communicate with this specific person. And what if your friends or other people were able to add their own media and stickers through channels and then be discovered, liked and followed, with deep intelligence powering it all and bringing the right content to the right user? We built invi to support all this, we don't just use a Giphy API, we used the most advanced and lightweight technologies to communicate in realtime with our backend, even on pretty bad 3G, from where we curate the media that eventually gets recommended to you. The screenshots you attached look great as well, but see Android Messages is a good example there's only 5 packs of stickers that won't get more relevant or smarter no matter how many stickers you use or how many times you use Android Messages. Idk who would use a given sticker hundreds of times, but anyway I'm not sure those were really representative of how Android Messages is most commonly used. The features are technically there, as often, but they're very limited in their potential as of now. The Awesome Bar isn't for everyone but can eventually help people like you, as images just get displayed while you're typing, no action required, and if you see one that you like you can just tap it to see how it looks and enrich your message, send and you're done. Google is pushing RCS, very true! And we're excited about the great work the Jibe team did in the past couple years. They're a bit shy to share their RCS client implementation at the moment, it may be unstable or not well documented at the moment, but we're meeting regularly with Google and hope to add RCS to our transparent switch as soon as possible, even though the user base is a bit limited at the moment it has the potential to grow fast and solve many issues. If they're reluctant for too long we may use other hubs that would communicate seamlessly through Unified Profile. But for now, we're watching the number of users actually benefiting from RCS grow while we focus on other areas of improvements. sam1331 I am actually kind of optimistic about all this, more so than I was maybe a year ago. They've been putting out a steady stream or improvements to Allo, and when I've experimented with it with a friend it actually is an enjoyable experience. Releasing it without a web app is just shocking, but if that's added and it works well, I could totally see moving over to it from Hangouts, where I do the vast majority of my communicating. The other piece of the puzzle is Duo. If they can integrate a Duo button in Allo conversations (like it seems they will), and they eventually add group calling, which can't be that far off, then I think it will be a nice solution for myself and my family. And I've got quite a few friends that are all about Android instead of iOS, so I can see them switching to Allo from Hangouts. But not until there is a web app, because they aren't stupid. Chad Knasinski I would use Allo if they added SMS support and a desktop version like Hangouts had. Nick.Trite Same here. I have Fi so I'll continue to use Hangouts for SMS. I really love the fact that I can switch seamlessly from desktop to mobile and still be sending SMS. Until Allo does that, I won't consider moving. Chad Knasinski Ditto Sir_Brizz And multi-device support. Can't even use it or sync it on my LTE Tablet... Carson Saldanha So, basically Hangouts but revamped? We've come in full-circle. Sir_Brizz Sure. The problem is that every other chat platform has these features in 2016. Including Hangouts. Roy Me to, love it. mxwp unless they remove hangouts from gmail, people will still secretly be using "hangouts" all the time. in fact, the only way Allo will ever take off without SMS is if it replaces Hangouts (gtalk) on gmail and inbox. Chad Knasinski So correct me if I am wrong here but Google wants us to do this with our messages: SMS - Google Messenger Business SMS - Hangouts Messages - Allo Facebook - Messenger Video Chat - Duo Business Video Chat - Hangouts Video Really? Are you kidding me here? Timmy Turner You've got it right and if there's a joke, you'll being waiting a while for the punchline. disqus_em5YfkbWdk What Business SMS and how is 8t different from other SMS? Zsolt V What does Facebook have to do with anything you wrote? So you are corrected. SpadeX Are you new to tech world? John Not exactly. SMS - Messenger SMS (Project Fi and Voice) - Hangouts SMS (Voice) - Voice Chat - Allo Chat - Hangouts Video chat - Duo Video chat - Hangouts Voice call - Hangouts Voice call (Voice) - Voice Nicholas Conrad Email - Gmail Business Email - G Suite SMS - Google Messenger Business SMS - Hangouts Messages - Allo Facebook - Google+ Video Chat - Duo Business Video Chat - Hangouts Meet Phone calls - Google Voice/Project Fi/Google Home FIFY xyz That's only for Google fanboys. Regular people ditched Google's messaging apps a long time ago. Timmy Turner I recommend Textra to anyone looking for a new SMS app. Sleek, customizable and continually updated/supported. Adrien Aubel Textra is very nice, notably customization-wise as you said, you can go deep and fine-tune basically any UX element. And it's super fast and lightweight as well. I am working as well on a new SMS app that also provides IM similarly to iMessage on iPhone, and many other features, most of them upcoming though. Would you mind giving me a honest feedback when you have the time? It's called invi on the Play Store https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi Timmy Turner Sure thing. freshprince_87 That invi SMS app is an awesome app. Near flawless app. but I stop using it because I kept having problems with MMS messages and also it just like Allo in the sense where if you uninstall the app and reinstall it on the same phone all your instant messages are all gone including some of the regular SMS /MMS messages. You need to make the app save all your messages on to an account like a Google account in the cloud. So that no matter what device you use the instant messages will still be there. Adrien Aubel @freshprince_87:disqus Thank you for your feedback! MMS can be very tricky and every carrier has its own set of specificities, I'm sorry about that, it shows we're still young but obviously like you said, such a core functionality bug makes our whole effort worthless for you here. Do you mind sharing your carrier, device model, and Android version? Did you try using "Legacy MMS" in the app settings? About the IM sync, that's an issue we're definitely looking into, considering all potential security and privacy issues, notably as some countries like USA recycle pretty aggressively your phone numbers, and with the desire to bring a Web client in mind. Google should announce this summer APIs that will eventually help us regarding security, so stay tuned :) freshprince_87 Thanks. I didn't use the legacy MMS. I hope that you add the IM sync soon. I'm on a T-Mobile service using the Moto Z Play on Android Nougat 7.0 Adrien Aubel Ok thank you, if you don't mind I have other questions to dive into your problem :) What specifically was failing? MMS sending, receiving, or both? Did it show an error? Is it only on group MMS or all MMS? Whatever information you may have will be helpful. Our next release should bring MMS reliability improvements and notably Wifi texting when supported by the carrier (first MMS may send up to 60s to send as we're trying out routes but then all other Wifi MMS should send very fast). Tom Westrick https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5ecvBaqHBk MJ Thank God I use Project Fi otherwise this would suck big time for me. TJ Mills Thank God I have Google voice.... Def Ref Actually, it sucks for Fi users who wish to economize on data because Hangouts no longer uses cellular SMS but requires a data connection, wifi or cell data. I didn't realize this was happening (because they said Fi wasn't going to be affected) until I got my replacement Nexus 6P and suddenly wasn't receiving SMS texts. They couldn't sort it out, even sending me a new SIM which didn't work either. It wasn't until I really started digging that I discovered that SMS required data to work and you'd either have to use a different SMS app (and lose multi-device sync; esp ability to type on computer thru Gmail) or turn on data. Lame. MJ OK... I am on WiFi most of the day myself but even with no WiFi it's still texting. Confused, you don't have data on Project Fi? Def Ref I keep my mobile data turned off unless I need traffic info for navigation or need to be in contact with someone via FB Messenger. Otherwise between home, work, Xfinity hotspots, etc., I'm usually not far from wifi. I don't care if I can't get my email for a half-hour while I'm driving. When you're paying per MB, you start noticing how much data apps guzzle. But last month I only used 85MB, so my next bill will be just over $24 with tax. Point is that before they killed SMS support, I didn't need to have data turned on to receive texts. Now I do. MJ I just don't see how you would guzzle data if usually on WiFi. I leave data on and use less than a GB a month. Granted, I don't check my email on my phone ever. LOL Dracono Love hangouts never used SMS. It also seems most negative reviews about it being slow was always tired to the SMS feature. I'm now curious with the removal of they'll us the opportunity to evolve or let it idle. mxwp it will evolve into a business app... but hopefully still available for consumers VAVAMk_2 Just give us SMS support in Allo for Christ's sake! Adrien Aubel SMS/MMS can be quite hard to deal with technically and Google didn't choose to go that way. It is possibly also due to the push they did to replace the default SMS app on many OEMs and carriers, strategically it's hard for them to push much of Google's agenda through the SMS app they give carriers, and they're mostly limited to SMS/RCS. Roy Christ will not give you SMS, bat Star of David could promise you RCS in Allo. mxwp Big G repeatedly stated it would never happen tim242 Liar. Adrien Aubel https://twitter.com/amitfulay/status/840236304130428928 Roy Great. It's was the plan all along. Now Allow will get RCS and web browser everything gonna integrate with Duo. I'm all the way in. I never like Hangout. I love Allo. #stop stop babies don't you cry. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman I don't think that's possible. RCS is still mainly just an extension of SMS. If it doesn't support SMS, I don't see it handling RCS. Roy When RCS will come it will be with SMS already. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Based on what? Besnik Rrustemi No problem guys,we have like 69 other Messaging Apps by Google to choose from and maybe 2 new others coming soon. Roy Haha it's so old. Can someone can come with new jokes here? Besnik Rrustemi Well sorry Old Man then, never knew your age before. * Respect for Old People * Sir_Brizz Let the confusion officially begin! Indianajonze google can go fk themselves Robert Gerhart Why isn't anybody asking the bigger question: why the hell does anyone use outdated SMS in the first place? It's like complaining that Hangouts doesn't integrate butter churns and wagon wheels either. There is nothing more annoying than a text message. Adrien Aubel SMS is always nice to have in some situations, that happen more or less depending on where you live. Uncovered areas, concerts or big games, people having no LTE-enabled plans, or simply on some roads and highways. In USA for example all those scenarios happen a lot, notably in some states. And eventually, in most countries you still use SMS for 3rd party services, banks, transportation, or even government-related messages. Most importantly, in countries that still use SMS you can reach *anybody you know* from one app. And that's really a great thing to have. Now you're right, IM is so much more pleasant. Instant delivery, read status, last active time, way faster image format and transport. At invi ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi ) we try to take advantage of this and combine both the way it should be. When you open a chat with somebody, we trigger a handshake to check that both you and the recipient are well connected. If one of both doesn't answer on time, it simply switches to SMS/MMS, it's automatic and out of your way. Otherwise you take advantage of state-of-the-art transport with some unique optimizations. Try to send a GIF over IM and see how fast it goes, compared to MMS or even Whatsapp. Let me know what you think! Aaron Simple; SMS is ubiquitous. Every cellular device in operation can send and receive SMS, from the most current and expensive flagships like the iPhone and Galaxy, to the cheapest budget devices, all the way down to the oldest flip phones. I can text my dad on his flip, my wife on her Nexus or my Capt on his iPhone and each one will receive that message and reply. Show me an IM that can do all of that (that isn't on the iPhone). I guess that invi app that guy's been pedaling might, but I'm waiting for it to gain some traction before trying to convince anybody to switch to yet another IM. Rod The rest of the world uses Whatsapp, everyone has it installed. JG Even people with generic flip phones? Rod Nope, but I don't remember the last time I saw someone with a flip phone. The poor now bear Galaxy Win/Pocket/etc JG My aunt still has one. She recently attempted to upgrade to a smartphone but that seems to have failed big time... Apparently my telling her to tap the icon that's labeled "EMAIL" to get her email is too complicated... That and the free phone she got is a PoS... 512MB of RAM and only 4GB of storage - with the OS consuming all but like 100MB there of. So it didn't perform quite so hot. She seemed a bit surprised her free phone didn't perform as well as my Pixel XL does... Rod You're better off simply calling her. Lol JG Or even better off not getting in touch with her period. I also happened to see another flip phone in use while I was out traveling today. TJ Mills Everyone in China uses Wi chat. Rod I believe you meant WeChat. Yes, but WhatsApp still has the largest userbase. TJ Mills Yes, I did mean WeChat. I knew it looked wrong. My point is that not everyone is on WhatsApp in all places in the world. Where SMS is ubiquitous. Rod I have a friend that came from China, and he says most people in China uses WhatsApp as well. It's pretty omnipresent. Aaron And if everyone in the US would get on board with a single IM that would be great. But here iPhone users tend to stick with the stock Messages app. Great for sending iMessages between each other and SMS to the rest of us. Terrible for convincing them to switch to another IM. And most Android users I know use whatever stock SMS message app came with their phone for texting with iPhone users and old people and FB Messenger for IM with everyone in their friends list. So if you have a strategy for getting everyone on a single IM platform I'm sure the Allo team at Google would love to hear it. Jordan L I agree with your post. iphone users LOVE their stock messaging app, as they should it's the best app on their phone. It feels like, at least in my circle, iphone users have the stock messaging app, Facebook Messenger, and Whatsapp. "older" people only have the stock app as they can barely use their phones in the first place. "younger" people all three. Rod Yeah, I know how it works in USA. As a foreigner, it's funny to see how much you guys rely on SMS lol. Aaron Not funny haha but funny sad. :( Rod USA is a world apart. lomsha Believe it or not, even 2g is still a luxury in some countries, which makes​ instant messaging iffy. In those cases sms is a great alternative. Not everyone is in the 1st world with a sweet smartphone and reliable data access. TJ Mills Standard is better than better. When someone comes up with a universal replacement that works on all classes of phones, then the world can switch. Until then it's a mishmash of services and applications​to communicate. Why does everyone still use email? Because of the standards. Michael Sørensen Convince me why I shouldn't... Currently I can write to anyone for free without first asking them what their preferred platform is. And they can reply for free regardless of said preferred platform. Again, convince me why that's not good enough? And don't say "stickers". Just don't. Security? Bah, no sensitive information sent. Robert Gerhart Two words: phone call. Just freaking CALL them... You already have the phone in your hand, and you know they have one as well. If you can condense what you need to say into 144 characters, it probably isn't important enough to bother the other person with in the first place. No more retarded tap-tap-tap... Turb0wned That was a stupid answer. I'm not going to have 15 different messaging apps to be able to talk to people. iMessage just works with everyone. Adrien Aubel Agreed that there's something pretty great about being able to reach *all your friends* from a single app. At least the ones that have a freaking phone numbers :D Of course, it's just how messaging should be but it also makes sense that all big players would heavily restrict any 3rd party integration, messaging is a huge, strategical, market. nigra truo Very good point, sms is over and has been for a long time, it is just that americans are strangely still in love with the ancient spartanic standard, they are backwards compared to the rest of the globe. Whatsapp for example does not support sms because it REPLACES it obviously. Sms can't do rich communication without ugly crutches, try making a free voice or video call through it, send a full size video, high resolution photos, a contact, a document, your location, an audiorecording and everything encrypted. All these things whatsapp can do natively, on all platforms, not just on iphones or apple devices, 1 billion users speak a clear language. Midnitte At this point, I'm held hostage stuck using Hangouts since it's the only thing that natively supports desktop messaging. Sigh. Bryan Chandler Signal has a Chrome app for desktop messaging. https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/signal-private-messenger/bikioccmkafdpakkkcpdbppfkghcmihk?hl=en Midnitte Ah yea, I would prefer something native though, plus I still use Hangouts for some contacts. I lament the loss of merged conversations too Lord Argyris "Each has its disadvantages, though. The latter doesn't have quite the same feature set that Hangouts did, and the former is a Facebook product." It's lines like these that keep.me coming back to AP. JD My support for Google and their messaging platforms ended the beginning of May. Kelly Clubb Well this sucks for any user that enjoyed an easy to use sms app. I use Hangouts and thankfully for project fi will continue it's support BossMa1n3 Eh..doesn't effect me stop using hangout for sms awhile ago..more interested in a flat screen phone with side bezels as thin as the one in the pic.. Grey PLEASE Bring Hangouts Chat and Hangouts Meet to all users. That has so many new and awesome features. It's like everything Allo isn't. DragoCubed The comment section is rough b_boogey_xl Bye Hangouts! hp-fourtwenty oh ffs...voice is still supported??? hell yeah!! nxtiak I'm waiting for the day G+ contacts disappear from Hangouts. I hate how on PC when I type a name to start a conversation it lists random people on G+. SHOW ME THE NAMES FROM MY DAMN CONTACTS GOOGLE!!!!!!!!! Maave RIP Hangouts. I had group chats, Google Voice, and SMS all in one. Now my group chats have moved to Telegram but I'm still stuck with nerfed Hangouts for GV. Chris Wachtman Hey, what's wrong with facebook? /s Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I switched to Signal because of this mess and I've very happy I did---it works great. The only feature I miss is tablet support, but it's coming soon, and unlike Google, when Signal receives a new feature, it's actually ready to be released, and works well. Jason E Perkins Boy am I glad for the second half of that title. ROB TEXTRA DC_Guy If Apple would just open up iMessage to Android, 99% of our messaging problems would be over. haha Dragos Lucian Totally forgot Hangouts existed. I've been using Telegram for quite some time now and I'm more than happy with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The name of the app is very off-putting if they ever wanted to increase adoption among business/serious users. But as I found out just yesterday, it's actually a really nice SMS apparatus. rap Some say SMS is dead. But not everyone has a smartphone or data. SMS works without either. Adam Margeson Haven't been using it since I switched over to Allo. 1966CAH When it comes to messaging, Google is like an ex-girlfriend. Once, so sweet and alluring, now somebody I want nothing to do with. johdaxx Well, I hope they can sort this mess out eventually. I don't really care too much about SMS per se...but I do need some way to message people that don't have whatever apps I have or have apps I don't have. Especially if they have the audacity to use an iPhone or something. Brandon Hann This didn't affect me since I use Google Voice exclusively and have a data-only plan for my cell service. Let's just hope Google doesn't kill off Google Voice in the future. keithzg I would say, why remove a feature when you're clearly still supporting it for some users anyways, so it's no more maintenance to just leave it enabled for everyone? I would say that, if I thought there was any coherent or rational approach to messaging strategy and development at Google. Personally I switched to Facebook Messenger for SMS, if only because of Chat Heads (multitasking for IM is pretty nice). Was tempted towards Signal, but Signal wants you to import and encrypt your SMS's, and I don't want to get locked into an SMS app. derp_cookies These guys are starting to remind me more and more of Hooli. xyz Good decision. Next step is to discontinue Hangouts, then Allo, then Messages, and then Duo. Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 35 1 Year Ago Today Google Is Preparing To Add The Raspberry Pi 3 To AOSP, It Will Apparently Become An Officially Supported Device 2016/05/24 2:21pm PDTMay 24, 2016 264 2 Years Ago Today An Exclusive Early Look At The New Google Photos App 2015/05/24 10:36am PDTMay 24, 2015 18 3 Years Ago Today ZeroLemon's 9500mAh Extended Battery For The LG G Pro 2 Is Now On Sale For $50 2014/05/24 4:39pm PDTMay 24, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Sci-Fighters, Judge Dredd: Countdown Sec 106, Race Illegal, Mensa Academy, And RE-VOLT Free 2013/05/24 7:11pm PDTMay 24, 2013 41 5 Years Ago Today Better Than Magic - Stick Your Phone To A Wall, Treadmill, Or... Ceiling With PU Pads From The Makers Of Capta 2012/05/24 5:09pm PDTMay 24, 2012 22 6 Years Ago Today HTC "Reviewing" Its Bootloader Policy - We'll Believe It When We See It 2011/05/24 5:16pm PDTMay 24, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today That Was Quick: EVO 4G’s Already Been Rooted 2010/05/24 4:09pm PDTMay 24, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 10 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 133 queries | 0.581s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Hump Day Deals: Cheap Smart TVs, Dick Smith Clearance Sale, 20% Off Whisky What To Do When You Need $100, Fast  Dealhacker: Save $200 On An iPhone 7 At JB Hi-Fi How To Buy A Puppy Without Getting Scammed Home Keep A Dedicated 'Guest Computer' For Your Houseguests  Stop Storing Your Knives In Drawers Already  Organise Your Bathroom Counter With Stackable Plates How To Turn Peels And Rinds Into Delicious Snacks Entertainment All The Best Movies Coming To And Leaving US Netflix In May 2017 How To Level Up Your Tabletop Role-Playing Games How Windows 10 Ruined My Games Night How Many Superhero Movies Pass The Bechdel Test? [Infographic] Travel Ask LH: Is It Possible To Score Cheap Disneyland Tickets Online? How To Tie The Five Most Useful Knots Does Putting Sugar In A Petrol Tank Really Destroy The Engine? Ask LH: How Can I Earn More Frequent Flyer Points? Health If You're Going To Do Recreational Drugs, Magic Mushrooms Are (Apparently) The Safest Approach Fitness Like A Video Game And Start Levelling Up How To Limit Polyphenol Loss In Your Vegetables Bidets Can Save Millions Of Trees Annually, So Why Aren't We Using Them?  Design Need Selfie Tips? Ask A Neural Network With This App, You Can Finally Trust Photos Again  Sketchar Is An Augmented-Reality App For Wannabe Graffiti Artists How To Upgrade Your Computer's Login Screen Work Productivity Why You Should Keep A Journal (And How To Start Yours) The Microsoft Surface Pro Is Back (In 'Laptop' Form) NVIDIA Just Launched An Australian Online Store Upload Files Directly From Chrome's Download Bar By Dragging And Dropping Communicate How Does The Internet Work? [Infographic] The Best Value Prepaid Phone Plans In Australia Seven 'Facts' You Learned In School That Are No Longer True Android O Will Allow Graphics Driver Updates Via The Play Store Organise Briefly: Microsoft Surface Studio Review, Dying Japan, Alien Star Briefly: Trump's Orb, Game Of Thrones Pics, Future Robots Planhacker: Are Tesla Solar Tiles Worth The Money? Last Week's 10 Biggest Posts Career The Top 25 Australian Companies To Work For (And Their Careers Pages) The Gentleman's Guide To Rolling Up Your Shirtsleeves [Infographic] Killer Interview Question: Have You Ever Completed A Task You Thought Was Impossible? What Is The Average Australian Weekly Wage? Business Travel Travel Alert: Massive Flight Delays At Sydney Airport Here's What The Hook By Your Aeroplane Tray Table Is For Brace Yourself: The US Wants To Ban Electronics On All European Flights Nvidia Wants To Make All Cars Autonomous Security Ask LH: Am I Allowed To Booby Trap My Thumb Drive? How To Snoop-Proof Any Phone Or Tablet Twitter Changed Their Privacy Policy, So Update Your Settings How To Protect Yourself Against Ransomware Attacks Small Business & Startups A Cosplayer Explains How To Turn Your 'Side Gig' Into A Full-Time Job Come Up With The Perfect Name For Anything With These Helpful Web Tools Elevator Pitch: Shippit Optus' Latest SMB Service Wants To Slay PABX Telephony Systems IT Pro Cloud Microsoft To Use DNA To Store Data In The Cloud Microsoft Reduces Azure Pricing OpenStack Gaining Ground Leading Into Australian Event Tape-as-a-Service Offers A New Take On An Old Solution IT Career Team Performance Might Depend On Their Rhythm Method What You Need To Do Right After Graduating University How To Deal With Weird Job Interview Questions What Is The 'Net Promoter Score' And Why Should You Care? IT Security Wordfence offers WordPress Security Audit Service Hands On With Google And Microsoft Authenticator Apps Data 61 Opens The Gait On Authentication Symantec Suspects WannaCry Comes From North Korea Developer Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps This Beautiful Circuit Board Is A 'Dis-Integrated' MOS 6502 Processor Google's Coolest Tech Is Getting Harder And Harder To See Xamarin.Forms 3.0 Will Bring UI Support To .NET Desktop Platforms Deployment Is Apple and Samsung's Smartphone Dominance Coming To An End? Google Adds New Tools For Marketers How To Plan Your Technology Buying Cycle Huawei Unveils Its Push Into The Mobile PC Market Servers Companies Are Creating So Much Data, It Has To Be Shipped In Trucks Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Buy Your Personal Domain Name... Before A Troll Does Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers How To Start Using Cloud Computing To Give Your Business A Competitive Edge How To Snoop-Proof Any Phone Or Tablet Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps How To Tie The Five Most Useful Knots Google Adds New Tools For Marketers Anthony Caruana May 25, 2017, 7:30am Share Source: Google Google has revealed the latest versions of their AdWords, DoubleClick and Google Analytics tools at their Marketing Next event. The updates have been designed as a result of user feedback and include changes to the AdWords overview page, better bidding tools for DoubleClick and other enhancements. With mobile becoming an increasingly important ad channel for marketers, the new tools are designed to optimise the way ads are displayed and to deliver improved reporting. For example, if one person sees the same ad across multiple devices, they won;t be double or triple counted. According to the Google Analytics blog the new tools will all be available by the end of this year. Also on Lifehacker Is It Cheaper To Buy A Samsung Galaxy S8 On A Plan Than An iPhone 7? Is It Cheaper To Buy The Galaxy S8 Outright Or On A Plan? The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You’ve Never Heard Of) Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Why You Should Keep A Journal (And How To Start Yours) Alan Henry 25 May 2017 4:00 PM Some of the most influential people in history kept detailed journals of their lives. Those journals served two purposes. a permanent record for posterity, and cathartic release for the people writing them. Even if you don't think you need either, keeping a journal has benefits you can enjoy immediately. Here's why you might want to sit down regularly to jot down your thoughts. How To Tie The Five Most Useful Knots Kirk Bowlen 24 May 2017 11:30 AM Before you decide to channel your inner Indiana Jones and run off to explore nearby caves, deserts or mountain trails, you may want to take a step back and think if you are completely prepared for that kind of adventure. Learning how to tie a few popular knots won’t take an extreme amount of time and you will be surprised how often you can actually use them when you know what you’re doing. Here are five knots that every camper, hiker, mountain climber and survivalist should know. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps Deals: Stop People From Seeing All The Dodgy Stuff You Search Online Overwatch Is Free Next Weekend Deals: Get 80% Off Military Grade Torches Trending Articles 1 Ask LH: Am I Allowed To Booby Trap My Thumb Drive? 2 All The Best Movies Coming To And Leaving US Netflix In May 2017 3 Why You Should Keep A Journal (And How To Start Yours) Let These Mind-Blowing Galaxy Simulations Melt Your Face Off I Threw Away $4.8 Million In Bitcoin This Isn't Anakin Skywalker's Lightsaber Any More, It's Rey's Why Do We Want Robots To Destroy Us So Badly? If You Like Rhythm Games, You Should Play Neon FM Here's The Best Prepaid Phone Plans In Australia The Switch Is The Perfect Platform For Disgaea 5  Xbox's Game Pass Service Is Live From Today, If You Have Xbox Live Gold Approach Fitness Like A Video Game And Start Levelling Up Why You Should Keep A Journal (And How To Start Yours) Wordfence offers WordPress Security Audit Service How To Limit Polyphenol Loss In Your Vegetables 8 arrested in Manchester attack as a 'significant connection' emerges between the attacker and known ISIS recruiter The 10 most important things in the world right now AUSTRALIAN STOCKS LIFT: Here's what you need to know 10 things in tech you need to know today © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 23 mins S&P 500 2,404.39 +5.97 (+0.25%) Dow 30 21,012.42 +74.51 (+0.36%) Nasdaq 6,163.02 +24.31 (+0.40%) Listen Google's Eric Schmidt on AI, big data, machine learning And what it means for all of us. The race to $1,000 – Alphabet and Amazon hit new record highs Todd Haselton CNBC May 24, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Adam Jeffery | CNBC. Alphabet and Amazon are racing to a $1,000 share price, with both companies hitting record highs on Wednesday.More Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) and Alphabet both hit new record highs on Wednesday, as shares of both companies race to $1,000 a pop. Shares of Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) are trading up about half a percent, likely on the tail of the company's "Marketing Next" event in San Francisco on Tuesday, where it unveiled its new Google Attribution tool. Google Attribution relies on machine learning to show advertisers how effective their ads are across multiple platforms. Google also explained that Google Attribution can help advertisers predict how likely a specific person is to make a purchase. The company also revealed that it now has information on 70 percent of all credit card transactions in the US, data that will help it continue to effectively target relevant ads to consumers. Google also held its annual developers conference last week, Google I/O, where it laid out new plans to dive deeper into virtual reality and augmented reality, two areas where tech firms are expected to wage war over the coming years. Amazon's new record high is likely a result of a culmination of effects in the market. Retailers such as Macy's, JC Penney had huge earnings misses earlier this month, and the S&P 500's Retail ETF (XRT) posted its worst week of the year on Friday. Amazon has its hand in plenty of successful sectors outside of retail. Amazon Web Services generated $3.5 billion in revenue for Amazon during the last quarter, a piece of its business that's likely to continue to grow as more businesses rely on the cloud for everything from enterprise storage to AI, IoT and productivity services. Finally, and perhaps in a bit of a kick-to-the-shin of the nation's largest retailers, Amazon opened up a new brick and mortar bookstore in New York City on Wednesday. Similar locations are already open in Seattle, Portland, Boston and San Diego and show Amazon's attempt to mix retail with both the digital and physical worlds. Alphabet's Class A shares ended the day 0.73 percent higher at $977.61, while Amazon shares ended the day 0.91 percent higher at $980.35. More From CNBC Nvidia CEO shrugs off Google's efforts to undercut its growth engine Danger-seeking robots show how Microsoft could benefit from infrastructure boom Tesla's reward for hitting its targets could be a stock surge past $500, says analyst Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Nvidia CEO shrugs off Google's efforts to undercut its growth engine CNBC.com The most important Nintendo Switch accessory you can buy is still only $9 on Amazon BGR News A Googler who interned at Facebook and Apple explains how to prepare for the most 'terrifying' part of the interview process Business Insider Forget the NES Classic Edition, this $40 console can play every NES game ever BGR News Robot Cop Deployed on The Streets of Dubai Newsweek 'That’s all he wanted': Spicer, a devout Catholic, was snubbed from Trump's big meeting with the Pope Business Insider Trump's budget proposes major changes to student loans Yahoo Finance Photos show detonator, shrapnel, battery used by Manchester bomber Business Insider Washington Post top editor on why Jeff Bezos is a 'friendly' media billionaire Yahoo Finance Video Kashkari: Why it's so hard for the Fed to stop bubbles Yahoo Finance The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference David Pogue It could soon be cheaper to rent than buy in these cities Yahoo Finance A dubious Russian document may have swayed former FBI Director Comey's treatment of the Clinton email probe Business Insider Why your company should hire a veteran now Yahoo Finance Video Washington Post top editor: Bezos is a 'friendly' media billionaire Yahoo Finance The two words your boss never wants to hear from you CNBC Sessions did not disclose meetings with Russian ambassador on security clearance forms Sand: This is what is commonly known as a "lie." Join the Conversation 1 / 5 100
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum All Products 3D Printers Antivirus Baby Monitors Bluetooth Speakers Cameras (360 Degrees) Cameras (Action) Cameras (All) Cameras (Bridge) Cameras (Compact) Cameras (DSLR) Cameras (Home Security) Cameras (Mirrorless) Cameras (Phone) Cameras (Waterproof) Cloud Backup Services Computers (All-in-One) Drones Fitness Trackers Game Controllers (PC) Gaming Headsets Gaming Keyboards Gaming Mice Gaming Monitors Gaming PCs Gift Ideas Golf Tech GPS Watches Headphones ID Theft Protection iPhone Lenses iPhone Trade-In Deals Key Finders Keyboards (Ergonomic) Kid Trackers (GPS) Kitchen Tech Laptops Mini PCs Mobile Network Modems Online Fax Services Parental Control Apps Phone Carriers Phone Plans Photo Books Photo Calendars Photo Storage Sites Photo-Editing Software Portable Chargers Printers Robot Vacuums Routers Screen Mirroring Devices Smart Home Hubs Smart Home Tech Smart Locks Smart Scales Smart Thermostats Smartphones Smartwatches Soundbars Speakers (Outdoor) Streaming Players Streaming Services TV Antennas TVs TVs (4K/Ultra HD) Virtual Reality Headsets Wi-Fi-Extenders MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Apps Review Google Photos Review: The Best Photo/Video Backup App by Sally Wiener Grotta May 24, 2017, 1:42 PM Google Photos in Best iOS Camera Apps Editor's choice The good Consolidates and backs up your photo and video libraries from multiple devices Auto syncing among all your devices Simple, quick sharing Nice digital asset management Very easy to use The bad Minimal photo and video editing Auto-generated collages and slideshows can't be altered Verdict Google Photos protects your library of photos and videos by not only backing up your images to the cloud but also syncing them to all your mobile devices and computers. It’s also a useful digital asset manager that does a nice job of helping you organize all your media files so they’re easy to find. 9/10 Superior Free App Store Google Photos is the only photo app that we consider a necessity for any mobile device. If you’ve ever lost all your media files when your phone died or was misplaced, you’ll understand why. While it only has minimal editing tools, Google Photos organizes your photos and videos, offers easy sharing and — most importantly — automatically backs up your entire image library to the cloud. From there, it seamlessly syncs to all your devices where the app is installed. That includes Apple phones, laptops, tablets and desktop computers; Windows computers, and all Android devices. Specs Version: 2.14.0 (iOS), 2.14.1.154467786 (Android) Devices: iOS, Android File Type Supported: JPEG, TIFF, GIF, BMP, MPG, AVI, MOV, M4V, MP4, WEBP, CRW, CR2, NEF, DNG, ORF, RAF, ARW, PEF, SRW, RW2, ICO, MOD, MMV, TOD, WMV, ASF, DIVX, 3GP, 3G2, M2T, M2TS, MTS and MKV. Social-Sharing Options: Google Photos (shared album), Google+, Facebook, Twitter, Flickr and other installed apps such as Instagram. Taking control of chaos Google Photos helps you organize your photos and videos so it’s easy to find the one image among your many thousands that you want. Initially, Google Photos organizes your files by date. It also uses your device's geolocation, and object and facial recognition (with help from your list of contacts on Google+) to automatically assign keywords. For instance, you can search for dog and it will quickly display all the pictures and videos you’ve taken of your puppy (and of any other dog in your library). No program’s facial or object recognition is perfect, but Google Photos learns from your choices and gets better as you go along. Of course, you can also add your own keywords in your files’ descriptions, and move files into albums that you create. Google Photos is the only photo app that we consider a necessity for any mobile device. After you set up Google Photos to automatically sync with your phone’s camera roll, you don’t have to do anything to get your pictures and videos into Google Photos. Similarly, simply signing into your Google Photos account on any other device brings in all your media files. Happily, a recent update has sped up that process by introducing parallel uploading, but the initial sync can still be time-consuming. Credit: Tom's GuideGoogle Photos provides unlimited storage of "high-quality" photos (up to 16 megapixels) and videos (up to 1080p), or 32GB of storage space for original quality (i.e., whatever your device captures above Google's high-quality definition). The one exception is if you use a Google phone: In that case, you'll have unlimited storage for original-quality images and videos. The cost of additional storage for original-quality files is $1.99 a month for 100 gigabytes, $9.95/month for 1 terabyte, $19.95/month for 2 terabytes, on up to $299.99/month for 30 terabytes. MORE: The Best Photo Editing Apps for iOS and Android Minimal editing features Google Photos has its fun side, too. For instance, it automatically generates animated GIFs from photos you take in batches. You can also create your own movies, animations, collages and slideshows. However, we found the options very limited. Once Photos has generated a collage or slideshow from selected images, you can’t make any adjustments to the design or location of the pictures. Credit: Tom's GuideGoogle’s photo-editing features are designed to require very little input from the user, and as such are quick and simple. For instance, the only user-controlled sliders you get are to adjust color, light and contrast (pop) on the overall image. However, recent updates have added some improvements. The redesigned tap-to-apply filters are very basic, but they do a pretty good job of analyzing the image. Auto Enhance did a great job of removing the yellowish cast on an underexposed picture of our cat Rascal. In addition to sharing your files on social networks, you can share albums directly — even with friends who don’t have a Google Photos account. And you can now also view your files on your TV using AirPlay. What users are saying On Android Play Store, Google Photos has been downloaded more than 500 million times, and the more than 7 million reviews give it an average rating of 4.4 stars. About 3,000 Apple users have rated it an average of 5 stars. Many of the positive comments are similar to the one that said, "I don’t know what I would do without it." Others are pleased with its ease of use and overall clean, pleasing interface. Some made the very valid comment that troubleshooting and help are minimal. Bottom line Google Photos is our choice for the Best Backup App for photos and videos. Download it, set it up and let it do its thing in the background. It’s also useful for organizing your media files, but we don’t recommend it for editing. For very simple editing focused on sharing, use Instagram. For more comprehensive consumer photo editing, we recommend PicsArt. And for serious photographers, use Snapseed. But to make sure that you can find all your pictures on whatever device you’re using, Google Photos is a must. 9/10 Quick Take Google Photos is our pick for the Best Photo/Video Backup App, because of its automatic syncing of your media library to all your mobile devices and computers. Free App Store About the author Sally Wiener Grotta Read more Apps Photography Cameras Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Apps General Discussion forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish No comments yet Your comment Comment Firstname Submit Also for digital-photography Editor's choice Adobe Photoshop CC 10/10 Perfection $9.99 / month Amazon Editor's choice PicsArt Photo Studio 10/10 Perfection iTunes Adobe Photoshop Elements 15 8/10 Totally worth it The Latest On Tom’s Guide Deals 9 hr Best LG G6 Smartphone Deals Review 9 hr Instagram: Best Photo-Sharing App Best Picks 10 hr Best Photo Editing Software and Apps Review 10 hr Snapseed Review: Best Photo-Editing App for Serious Pho... Review 10 hr Facetune 2: Best Portrait-Retouching App Review 10 hr Snapchat: The Best Photo-Messaging App Review 10 hr Google Photos Review: The Best Photo/Video Backup App Review 10 hr PicsArt Photo Studio: Best All-in-One Photo App for Con... News 11 hr Avira, Kaspersky Top Windows 10 Antivirus Tests Best Picks 12 hr Best Fitness Trackers 2017 Buying Guide 12 hr How to Protect Your Identity, Personal Data and Propert... Best Picks 12 hr Best Drones 2017 Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Big Brother will be watching Dystopian abuse of Microsoft's powerful AI camera tech is inevitable Communication is key Microsoft must manage expectations of Windows 10 S to avoid PR nightmare Continuum vs. Win32 Microsoft's Stefan Wick talks UWP, Continuum and more One two punch How Microsoft is targeting Google and Apple in education Oh! Now we get it ... Windows 10 S breathes life into UWP — and paves the way for 'Surface phone' < > Surface Laptop Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Tip us on News! Pre-order: Surface Laptop | NEW Surface Pro Monkey see monkey do Is Microsoft copying Google with its Fluent Design System? By Jason Ward Wednesday, May 24, 2017 at 12:01 pm EDT 38 Comments Jason L Ward is a columnist at Windows Central. He provides unique big picture analysis of the complex world of Microsoft. Jason takes the small clues and gives you an insightful big picture perspective through storytelling that you won't find anywhere else. Seriously, this dude thinks outside the box. Follow him on Twitter at @JLTechWord. He's doing the "write" thing! During Build 2017, Microsoft introduced its new design language, the Fluent Design System. Microsoft's new venture immediately reminded me of Google's three-year-old Material Design initiative. King Solomon, who is renowned for his profound wisdom, wrote: "There is no new thing under the sun. That which has been is that which will be." This ancient King certainly didn't have the design systems of competing tech companies in mind when he penned that, but the principle of what he shared applies. Microsoft's Fluent Design System isn't an entirely new idea, though it looks as if it provides developers with an excellent framework to guide the development for consistent and great user experiences across devices. Just like Google's Material Design does. I know some Microsoft fans would prefer it if all of Microsoft's ventures found inspiration only within the confines of Redmond's halls. Tech companies (most companies, for that matter) exist within a cyclic existence of perpetual mutual "inspiration," however. Microsoft has had its share of inspiring "firsts," such as a smartphone platform and Windows on a tablet. Live Photos, 3D Touch, Universal Apps: Apple hijacks Microsoft's lingo In the case of Fluent Design, however, Microsoft may be doing the following with its twist on an established concept, of course. The 'why' of Material Design and Fluent Design Three years ago, Google's Vice President of Design Matias Durate shared why the company embarked on the course that ultimately led to Material Design. As seen in the video interview below he highlighted that the design decisions and legacies that Google was dealing with were the "design decisions and legacies from laptops that had evolved completely differently from those for phones." Over time, the design language and system for designing apps for the two platforms had completely diverged: Google was bringing Android to additional screens, such as watches, TVs and automobiles. This growth required a reset in the design system that would provide standard tools for developers across all screens and a consistent experience for users across the same. This year, Corporate Vice President of OSes at Microsoft Joe Belfiore shared that Fluent Design was birthed from a need for Microsoft to expand its current design system to accommodate a broader scope of experiences for a growing range of devices. Belfiore stressed that Microsoft is building experiences for inking, mouse, gesture and gaze across devices such as PCs, tablets, phones, TVs and mixed reality headsets. Both of these companies are moving in similar directions and have been for some time. Sometimes Microsoft is ahead, such as with its productivity suite and global dominance in the education space. In the case of a comprehensive design system meant to provide common development tools and experiences across devices, Google had the jump. With Windows 10 S and Surface Laptop Microsoft takes aim at Google and Apple The 'what' of Material Design The foundation of Google's approach toward a new design system was defining for themselves the "material" of the digital interface (what it is made of) and what the rules are that govern it. Durate said, "If every pixel on the screen somehow lived in a virtual world, what would the rules of that virtual world be?" Consequently, Google set out to replicate various aspects of the physical world within the digital via a design system with strict rules for light, shadow, motion, surfaces and layers. To arrive at a system informed by reality, the Google team conducted studies where it carved all of its product icons out of paper and explored in depth the different effects of lighting on the sculptures. Google ultimately dubbed the "material" of Material Design "quantum paper" because of the physics that govern it: A material metaphor is the unifying theory of a rationalized space and a system of motion. The material is grounded in tactile reality, inspired by the study of paper and ink, yet technologically advanced and open to imagination and magic. Surfaces and edges of the material provide visual cues that are grounded in reality. The use of familiar tactile attributes helps users quickly understand affordances. Yet the flexibility of the material creates new affordances that supersede those in the physical world, without breaking the rules of physics. The fundamentals of light, surface, and movement are key to conveying how objects move, interact, and exist in space and in relation to each other. Realistic lighting shows seams, divides space, and indicates moving parts. In Material Design, light illuminates a scene highlighting seams, moving parts and divides in space which, along with movement, helps to focus a user's attention where desired within a 3D space governed by defined rules. Surface, which is the "quantum paper" of the design, has physical qualities such as being "solid" and "occupying a unique point in space" that mimics our experiences with objects such as books. This digital replication of the relationship between humans and the physical medium of a book was important for the team. The 'what' of Fluent Design Microsoft's Fluent Design, like Material Design, brings a number of physical elements to the digital plane. It is, however, less grounded on a foundation of one "material", like Google's quantum paper, and the physics of that single material within a defined digital environment. As a matter of fact, Fluent Design will allow for a variety of materials, beginning with acrylic, to be affected by the four other building blocks of the system: light, depth, motion and scale. Light draws our attention and illuminates information. Motion allows developers to create transitions that keep users focused where they want them focused. Materials bend, stretch, bounce, shatter, and glide. Acrylic is the first material quality Microsoft has translated to the Fluent Design digital environment. Depth is the breaking apart of the frame that contains a developer's information and reconstructed in the layered way it would be represented in a physical environment. Scale is Microsoft expanding its toolkit (beyond the traditional 2D environment) from 0D to 3D. Microsoft is applying this common design system to a range of screens including mixed reality. When we consider this particular point, it becomes easier to understand why Microsoft may have chosen not to ground its design system in the "physics" of a single material. Multiple materials may be an advantage of Microsoft's Fluent Design System. Mixed reality, from augmented to virtual, is poised to become the next personal computing paradigm. If it is to accurately mimic the physics of the physical world, and how we interact with digital artifacts, a variety of materials and the physics that govern them allow for a more diverse and realistic experience than a single material provides. Wrapping up Google has had a head start with Material Design. The comprehensive breadth of its approach to "building a digital world," to define strict rules for the physics of that world and its digital material quantum paper is impressive. It also leads to a high level of consistency if adhered to. Since its debut, millions of users have seen its elements on smartphones and the web. With the Fall Creators Update coming to Windows 10 this year, 500 million users will begin to see more elements of the multi-staged Fluent Design System in Windows. (Apps like Groove and calculator already have been affected.) Microsoft has communicated that Fluent Design will evolve over time and will be released in waves. The more ambitious nature of Microsoft's venture (with multiple materials) also potentially presents an additional challenge for the company, however. The introduction of other "materials" may necessitate a change of the "physics" of some of the elements of the digital world of Fluent Design. Will that present greater challenges to the consistency that Google's quantum paper and Material Design system will never face? Will the different "materials" in Fluent Design present a challenge to consistency? When Microsoft introduced the flat Modern (formerly Metro) UI, rivals responded with less skeuomorphic elements in their UIs. The tech industry is in a perpetual cycle of companies being "inspired" by one another. It seems that in regard to a design system, it's Microsoft's turn to follow. You have to wonder, will Apple be influenced by the moves of these two giants? And in what other areas might Microsoft follow its rivals? Reader comments Is Microsoft copying Google with its Fluent Design System? 38 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating Jason Ward Thanks for reading folks! It is a intrinsic part of any industry that companies will feed from from one another. Even Google's CEO admitted that the company has adopted and expanded on ideas of others. It is also true that the natural evolution of technology and industry leads to the birth of similar ideas among different groups virtually "simultaneously" at times as solutions are sought to solve similar problems. Both Google and Microsoft faced the similar challenge of needing a design language that would create a continuity across all of the screens that would support the experiences the company's are bringing to users. Google's Material Design was introduced at Google I/O 2014. I thought then that the approach was a great answer to a problem of unifying design across screens and felt then that it was a blow to Microsoft. Perhaps Microsoft felt it was a blow as well and that's why nearly three years later we see the Fluent Design System that has similar elements to the Material Design System. So what are your thoughts? Is Microsoft following Google here? Or do you think Microsoft was cooking up Fluent Design before Material Design was introduced and only now was the company ready to present it. What advantages might one system have over the other? Do you think that Microsoft's plan to introduce other "materials" beyond acrylic, which has its own "rules of physics" on the digital plane will necessitate an introduction of other "physical behaviors" consistent with the new materials? If so will that be a advantage or a difficult challenge for Microsoft? Is the single and consistent "material" - "quantum paper" - of Google's Material Design the safer route? Well, you know the drill LET'S TALK!!! If you didn't read please jump back into the piece and hop back to comments when done to add your thoughts! When you don't read it shows. :-) "He who gives an answer before he hears, It is folly and shame to him." 6 13 hours ago Reply Rahul Sharma45 I don't agree considering MS has done good amount of research and showcased it with different elements, 5 actually which just seems to intermixing with the earlier windows versions and seems like an real update rather than something that is copy pasted. Mere resemblance is coincidence. 0 10 hours ago Reply sporosarcina No more than material copied the flat design of metro. Fluent is a developed version of flat for more than just a 2d screen, something material does not address well. 4 8 hours ago Reply ClixT The way I see it: Metro/Modern leads to Material Design which leads to Fluent Design. 5 6 hours ago Reply five-one-three No 4 10 hours ago Reply kenzibit 😂😂 0 10 hours ago Reply AbhiWindows10 Yes, a big NO. "The 'what' of Fluent Design" makes more sense than that of Material Design. They certainly didn't copy that and even if some people think they did, they have done a GREAT job at making it so much more better that it's NEW!!! NOT. A. COPY. 0 9 hours ago Reply k1s23 Hey there. I remember the refresh that came with ios... 7? 8? And people's claims of Apple copying Microsoft. In the end everyone copies everyone! 6 10 hours ago Reply Navid Javadnia you mean ios 7, ios 7 bring flat design that microsoft had since windows phone, it is a diffrenet topic with these design systems  2 10 hours ago Reply CryptoSys Lol, Yes it is ! -6 10 hours ago Reply Green Buddy No. The only thing Material Design is keeping things minimal until needed. Fluent Design seems to be a macOS look clone (which isn't a bad thing, because personally, macOS does look better in terms of design) -10 10 hours ago Reply nohone Being that Material was taking Metro and adding 3D and gradients, Fluent taking some elements from Material is not so much copying, but refining Metro. 8 10 hours ago Reply ZantReve I believe that the principle for grounding design with some guidelines isn't copying at all, it's merely a cure for the disparate UI that one can find on Windows 10 even now. Material Design has a different feel to Fluent Design System, though they both do serve as a unifying force on each respective platform. So this is simply Microsoft's way of solving a problem of mix and match UI, Google understood this too but both have different outcomes. 0 10 hours ago Reply daemano MS copying Google "design". That's rich. Fluent's elements can been seen in Microsoft Technology Vision promotional videos from as far back as 2009. (Maybe even 2007) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5X2PxtvMsU Jason, I love your articles, but this one needed more research.     10 10 hours ago Reply kittananj In my opinion, Material Design is good in concept, but bad in execution. A great example is Google Maps. Nobody knows where the details are, they are under neat the bright blue button without any label on it. This make this app to be the worst user experience that I have ever used. And I can totally call Material Design as the worst UX of all time, with a steep learning curve and nonsense design perspective. I wrote a comment as I studied about UX for a good chunk of time. And I wish that Fluent Design System won't disappoint me. 0 10 hours ago Reply fishyuk I don't care so long as some consistency happens at last. Google can't get it because everyone bastardises it so they (and I can understand why) aren't wholly subsumed by the Google machine. Microsoft for some reason can't seem to keep even internal apps consistent..I hope that Fluent is mandatory for their 1st party apps at least. 4 10 hours ago Reply Joscelin Trouwborst Very much agree with you fishyuk, serious lack of UI/UX consistency, so much for productivity and discoverability. 3 9 hours ago Reply Paul Josephson I agree. Although, they have gotten better making sure their own apps follow all their design methodlogy (formerly Modern UI). What bothers me still is that there continues to be a few that follow it but break it various obvious ways.  Which means if their own apps haven't followed the  the UI design how could/cn they expect  third party developers to do it. It seems at times it can be "Do as I say, not as I do" with Microsoft. Hopefully, they will go over every aspect of Creator 2 (RS3) and make sure every knook and cranny in every forrm, dialog box in the OS and every app they create is 100% following the current Fluent Design UI. No exceptions.  It should be a number one priority to make it cohessive not a slow march like they always seem to do (each OS update adding a little more of missing UI elements - what should have done in the original release).  I have said it several times in the past.  The one thing Apple does very well  is making sure their own OS experience follows their UI mechanics very well straight out of the box. Rarely do you not see that Apple hasn't crossed every "t" and dotted every "i" within their own UI changes. Contrrary to Microsoft which will always seems  get 70% done and leave the rest for later updates.  5 8 hours ago Reply Joscelin Trouwborst I understand from what I have read so far that Neon is also for mixed reality. I doubt Google matching that right now. 1 9 hours ago Reply bleached Because you haven't been able to buy Google mixed reality devices for years? Still don't see one from Microsoft. Just promises and "soon". -6 9 hours ago Reply asoyemi Please see one below. Unable to delete this one 0 9 hours ago Reply asoyemi Once again, good article. Now, I have always looked at Google's material design as how you target a single object (or material) across multiple devices for given experiences. It is however dependent on the device form factor. Microsft fluent design was motivated to cohesively make an app experience less different while independent of device form factor for this shared experiences in windows environment. 0 9 hours ago Reply shryx86 I'm sure MAterial anfluenced Fluent a bit just like the flat design of Windows 8.1/10 influenced Android and iOS to go with simpler,flat designs. As long as it's not a ripoff I'm ok with designers getting inspiration from other designers. 0 9 hours ago Reply Giddora Material is basically MeTRo with some iOS elements. 3 9 hours ago Reply thaman04 And more uglier TBH.  Metro + iOS + Fluent is way more beautiful.  One thing I really hate after getting an Android after being on WP/WM for so long is that the material design on Android is just hideous and childish looking. 3 9 hours ago Reply Skalman Exactly my thought. Metro was released before android lollipop. I think google copied the Metro layout. On the other hand, Google did implement the hole concept way better☺ -2 9 hours ago Reply thaman04 They are not copying at all.  Design languages are important for every software/hardware company to have, and Microsoft has had design languages well before Google.  In fact, Material took a lot of queues from Metro but in my opinion, poorly executed on it, which makes it look so childish in compared to Metro/Fluent and iOS.  As a designer, Fluent looks to be the first real design language that is truly scalable not to just multiple screen sizes, but also different form-factors, dimensions (2D/3D/4D) and accessible to everyone with all types of impairments. I'm not really seeing it in action yet, but based on the concepts in the launch video and their website, I hope it lives up to that. 3 9 hours ago Reply steadydon Microsoft is slowly fading away. After poor customer service recently in moving more and more towards Google products and services. -5 9 hours ago Reply PachecoCorporationCeo +1 -6 8 hours ago Reply RayWP7 Material design. Did that ever really materialize?  I don't see any consistency on an Android device.  Still, all things consider, I'm not convinced that Microsoft "followed" in this case.  They may be similar by coincidence, but I don't think "followed" is the right word. -1 9 hours ago Reply bleached " Be together, not the same." Seems to have worked out great for Google. Each of the devices look different but the apps really tend to follow Material Design. Some are still older and not updated and some are obvious iOS ports. It isn't perfect, but the big ones certainly follow Material. I would argue that all Windows devices looking the same is what killed mobile for Microsoft. Why would Samsung be excited and motivated to create a device they have no control over? 0 8 hours ago Reply eddieDOTexe Material design took from Metro anyway, so.. 0 8 hours ago Reply Mani Malekizadeh Fluent design system is well designed! great idea for any device even for hololens... it is smarter move and it will gain more development attraction! 1 8 hours ago Reply Biff Henderson Fad, fashion, and style must be provided by anyone who wants to stay relevant in business.  From sleek automobiles to whitening toothpaste, all business try to sell whatever people are buying.  The market determines what sucessful businesses must provide, not the competition.  While being first can cause great profit or loss, sometimes its smart to be second in order to reduce the risk. 0 8 hours ago Reply Wan Firas Material Design builds inside-out. It starts with defining quantum paper and makes a system out of it. Fluent Design builds outside-in. It starts with defining the five principles first and make a system how the fives may be integrated. The only similarity is both trying to make a more comprehensible alternative reality. How can that be considered copying? Microsoft even tries hard enough to differentiate by picking acrylic as the first material. By letting the material be general, Microsoft makes its design system more universal. But that opens up the risk of inconsistency. 0 7 hours ago Reply Beerus In my opinion material design is the worst thing happened to android. Seems like Google employed the worst designers. All Google apps are designed so ugly and complicated it's impossible to use, it's like playing hide and seek :| The good think is that there are a lot of alternatives to Google apps. Well, looking at Microsoft ad seems like Fluent design should be much better, it looks more like apple design which I think is not bad. 1 7 hours ago Reply garysang Copying google? It's a borderline blatant ripoff of the iOS/OS X look.  if anything    0 4 hours ago Reply Kram Devil Though the article is well written and obviously some thought has been given to the subject matter, I would have to disagree.  Though elements appear to be similar the philosophy that gave birth to these elements are very different and the implementation would therefore be very different as well even if both material and fluid design mention, light, depth and others in their respective approaches. In a nutshell, material design is still mainly grounded on 2d interfaces relating much to tactile experiences.  They frequently mention paper-like design and movement, and though it metions lighting this is just to create consistent shadows on all objects.  With this in mind material design is google's version of metro, just not totally flat with slightly floating elements but definitely not 3d.   Fluid design is in response to the upcoming computing paradigm from 2d/touch to fully immersive interfaces but having the design effective on both.   This is not just having a universal lighting system, this is about the shift to VR/AR and having a UX that's effective on both flat and immersive systems.  Flat menus on VR/AR interfaces like the hololens are slightly translucent or have that acrylic quality due to the limitations of the tech.  Light bleeds thru. I've read somewhere that Translucency or acrylic in fluid design was to bring this back to our current 2d interfaces so you could have similar UX.  But that's not all, flat design on  fully immersive headset is not good, it does not make use of the space.  Though fluid design makes note of depth elements this is not comparable to material designs's idea of depth which was just to provide universal lighting.  A breakout session on build 2017 fully illustrates this by applying depth to elements in the edge browser when viewed on hololens.  Depth in this case does not show if you're viewing sites in a flat monitor.  Some elements in fluid design only appear when you gaze at them, this is also appears when you move your mouse over elements when viewed on a 2d monitor.   Fluid design is about finding a common UI for 3d and 2d interfaces.  I'll post the build 2017 breakout session when I find it again.   0 1 min ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
NEWS TV CLUB VIDEO REVIEWS FEATURES SECTIONS FILM TV MUSIC FOOD COMEDY BOOKS GAMES AUX NEWS TV CLUB VIDEO REVIEWS FEATURES SECTIONS FILM TV MUSIC FOOD COMEDY BOOKS GAMES AUX NEWS TV CLUB VIDEO REVIEWS FEATURES SECTIONS FILM TV MUSIC FOOD COMEDY BOOKS GAMES AUX A.V. Club Most Read 1 (Photo: Paul Archuleta/Getty Images) Posted May 25 Newswire Adam Carolla needs your money to really stick it to those damn “safe spaces” 2 Screengrab: YouTube Posted May 24 Newswire The new poster for Spider-Man: Homecoming is just not very good 3 All photos: Kevin Pang Posted May 25 For Our Consideration Our strange, tasty, and curious finds from the Sweets & Snacks Expo 4 Posted May 24 TV Club Arrow completes Oliver’s 10-year journey from survivor to killer to hero 5 Colt Prattes and Abigail Breslin star in Dirty Dancing (Photo: Guy D'Alema/ABC) Posted May 24 Movie Review Dirty Dancing remake reduces a beloved film to an after-school special NEWSWIRE GREAT JOB, INTERNET! @AV_Newswire @TheAVClub RECENT ARTICLES BROWSE ALL (Screenshot: NBC) today at 12:15 a.m. Seth Meyers takes a closer look at the ugly footrace between Trump’s scandals and his budget (Photo: Paul Archuleta/Getty Images) today at 12:13 a.m. Adam Carolla needs your money to really stick it to those damn “safe spaces” The Get Down yesterday at 8:55 p.m. Netflix cancels The Get Down after one season (Photo: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) yesterday at 7:58 p.m. A Republican congressional candidate just body-slammed a reporter RECENT ARTICLES BROWSE ALL Photo: King Arthur, Courtesy of Warner Bros. Pictures yesterday at 12:16 p.m. Let’s figure out why King Arthur bombed so hard Photo: Getty Images/NBC yesterday at 12:08 p.m. Not even Ice-T can tell real Law & Order: SVU episodes from fakes Screenshot: Davie504/YouTube yesterday at 11:14 a.m. Guy plays Red Hot Chili Peppers using a red hot chili pepper Screenshot: YouTube yesterday at 11:12 a.m. Shine on, you crazy cyclops goat REVIEWS WHAT'S ON TONIGHT @AVTVClub RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL B+ (Image: FXX) Archer Archer Dreamland: Auflösung Season 8, Ep 8 - Brad Culpepper (Photo: Screen Grab/CBS Entertainment) Survivor “No Good Deed Goes Unpunished” and more… Season 34, Ep 15 A Fargo "The Lord Of No Mercy" Season 3, Ep 6 A The 100 "Praimfaya" Season 4, Ep 13 RECENT ARTICLES BROWSE ALL Andrew Lincoln (left), Keira Knightley (Photo: Nick Briggs/Comic Relief) today at midnight The Love Actually reunion is all around you, but at least it’s for a good cause Photo: Jack Rowand/The CW yesterday at midnight On another night of finales, Arrow has a massive guest star battle royale Photo: Jordin Althaus/Fox May 23, 2017 at midnight It’s curtains for the season on Brooklyn Nine-Nine and Great News Melissa Benoist stars in Supergirl (Photo: Katie Yu/The CW) May 22, 2017 at midnight Supergirl persists, despite overwhelming odds ALL A.V. UNDERCOVER A.V. COCKTAIL CLUB FILM CLUB RECENT VIDEOS BROWSE ALL yesterday at 2:30 p.m. Jim Ross doesn’t think The Rock will return to the WWE—unless he runs for president   yesterday at 1:30 p.m. We’re spinning the commemorative Bates Motel LP   May 23, 2017 at 2 p.m. Legendary WWE announcer Jim Ross reflects on the great moments of his career   May 23, 2017 at 1 p.m. The first cookbook from Great British Bake Off’s Martha Collison finally comes to the U.S.   RECENT VIDEOS BROWSE ALL May 23, 2017 at midnight Phantogram channels Courtney Love, kicks off season 8 of A.V. Undercover   May 16, 2017 at midnight Watch The Regrettes’ ferocious take on “Fox On The Run”   May 11, 2017 at midnight Pet Symmetry rockets “Come A Little Bit Closer” into space   May 9, 2017 at midnight Close Talker covers “Fox On The Run”   RECENT VIDEOS BROWSE ALL May 19, 2017 at 1 p.m. Why should you keep a bottle of Fernet at home?   May 18, 2017 at 11 a.m. How to make the Mexican Firing Squad cocktail   May 11, 2017 at 11 a.m. How to make the Hanky Panky cocktail   May 4, 2017 at 1:45 p.m. How to make the classic Bee’s Knees cocktail   RECENT VIDEOS BROWSE ALL May 19, 2017 at 2 p.m. It’s critic vs. critic on Alien: Covenant—whoever wins, we lose   May 12, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. Guy Ritchie’s King Arthur is only fun when it’s acting like a Guy Ritchie movie   May 5, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. More is better in Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2   Apr 21, 2017 at 3:52 p.m. Free Fire shoots for profane fun, mostly hits its mark   ALL FILM TV MUSIC BOOKS @TheAVClub @AVCFilm @AVTVClub RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL C Photo: Netflix today at midnight The smug satire War Machine can’t wipe that look off its face B- Photo: Vertical Entertainment today at midnight A backpacker becomes a captive in the murky Berlin Syndrome B+ (Image: FXX) Archer Archer Dreamland: Auflösung Season 8, Ep 8 - Brad Culpepper (Photo: Screen Grab/CBS Entertainment) Survivor “No Good Deed Goes Unpunished” and more… Season 34, Ep 15 RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL C Photo: Netflix today at midnight The smug satire War Machine can’t wipe that look off its face B- Photo: Vertical Entertainment today at midnight A backpacker becomes a captive in the murky Berlin Syndrome C- Colt Prattes and Abigail Breslin star in Dirty Dancing (Photo: Guy D'Alema/ABC) yesterday at 9:30 a.m. Dirty Dancing remake reduces a beloved film to an after-school special C- Photo: Paramount Pictures yesterday at midnight Baywatch is even emptier than its source material RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL B+ (Image: FXX) Archer Archer Dreamland: Auflösung Season 8, Ep 8 - Brad Culpepper (Photo: Screen Grab/CBS Entertainment) Survivor “No Good Deed Goes Unpunished” and more… Season 34, Ep 15 A Fargo "The Lord Of No Mercy" Season 3, Ep 6 A The 100 "Praimfaya" Season 4, Ep 13 RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL B Photo: Jeremy Lange/Merge Records May 19, 2017 at midnight The Mountain Goats get a little lost in the darkness of Goths B Cover detail of Harry Styles (Columbia Records) May 15, 2017 at 10 a.m. Harry Styles takes a bold step forward by leaning on the past in his solo debut D May 5, 2017 at 10:35 a.m. The new At The Drive-In record is exactly what you don’t want from a reunion B- Photo: Coley Brown May 5, 2017 at 10:08 a.m. Mac DeMarco embraces dad-rock on This Old Dog RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL B+ Graphic: Nicole Antonuccio May 22, 2017 at midnight Diary entries shouldn’t be as good as they are in David Sedaris’ Theft By Finding D Graphic: Jimmy Hasse May 22, 2017 at midnight Michael Crichton’s resurrected Dragon Teeth should’ve stayed preserved in amber B Graphic: Devin Vaughn May 22, 2017 at midnight The Gene Kelly bio He’s Got Rhythm only occasionally creates that glorious feeling B Image: Nicole Antonuccio May 8, 2017 at midnight How she became Precious is only a small part of Gabourey Sidibe’s entertaining memoir ALL SPECIAL FEATURES NEWSWIRE PERMANENT RECORDS RECENT FEATURES BROWSE ALL Album cover detail of 1997's The Colour And The Shape today at midnight Foo Fighters’ second album didn’t change rock music—not that it was trying to All photos: Kevin Pang today at midnight Our strange, tasty, and curious finds from the Sweets & Snacks Expo today at midnight Today marks the 40th anniversary of Star Wars Chance The Rapper (Photo: Erika Goldring/Getty Images) today at midnight What are you listening to this week? RECENT FEATURES BROWSE ALL Screenshot: Prey May 18, 2017 at midnight Pt. 2—Prey won’t let you forget the cost of leaving your humanity behind Game In Progress: Prey Screenshot: Prey May 18, 2017 at midnight Pt. 2—Prey won’t let you forget the cost of leaving your humanity behind Screenshot: Bethesda Softworks May 9, 2017 at 10:35 a.m. Pt. 1—The nightmare never ends in the sadistic sci-fi game Prey MORE FROM SECTION May 11, 2017 at midnight Watch Boulevards glide through “Got To Go” on a beautiful beach   Little Fridays Acoustic Sessions May 11, 2017 at midnight Watch Boulevards glide through “Got To Go” on a beautiful beach   May 11, 2017 at midnight Boulevards’ “Wear & Tear” wants to be your 2017 summer jam   MORE FROM SECTION Nov 19, 2015 at midnight The Star Wars franchise—even the prequels—is a work of weird genius Star Wars Nov 19, 2015 at midnight The Star Wars franchise—even the prequels—is a work of weird genius Jul 24, 2014 at midnight Your guide to the Star Wars Expanded Universe MORE FROM SECTION May 1, 2017 at midnight Smoked SPAM® Brand Barbecue Sandwich   Sizzle With SPAM® Brand May 1, 2017 at midnight Smoked SPAM® Brand Barbecue Sandwich   May 1, 2017 at midnight Hawaiian SPAM® Brand Sliders   MORE FROM SECTION RECENT FEATURES BROWSE ALL (Screenshot: NBC) today at 12:15 a.m. Seth Meyers takes a closer look at the ugly footrace between Trump’s scandals and his budget (Photo: Paul Archuleta/Getty Images) today at 12:13 a.m. Adam Carolla needs your money to really stick it to those damn “safe spaces” The Get Down yesterday at 8:55 p.m. Netflix cancels The Get Down after one season (Photo: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) yesterday at 7:58 p.m. A Republican congressional candidate just body-slammed a reporter RECENT FEATURES BROWSE ALL Album cover detail of 1997's The Colour And The Shape today at midnight Foo Fighters’ second album didn’t change rock music—not that it was trying to Photo: Jason LaVeris/Getty Images Apr 4, 2017 at midnight Riot grrrl grew up on Sleater-Kinney’s Dig Me Out Elliott Smith (Photo: Courtesy of Kill Rock Stars) Mar 9, 2017 at midnight Either/Or built the myth of Elliott Smith Alex Chilton (Photo: Omnivore Recordings) Nov 15, 2016 at midnight Big Star’s swan song captured a band—and a genius—falling apart Log In Settings Find a Show News (Screenshot: NBC) today at 12:15 a.m. Seth Meyers takes a closer look at the ugly footrace between Trump’s scandals and his budget (Photo: Paul Archuleta/Getty Images) today at 12:13 a.m. Adam Carolla needs your money to really stick it to those damn “safe spaces” The Get Down yesterday at 8:55 p.m. Netflix cancels The Get Down after one season (Photo: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) yesterday at 7:58 p.m. A Republican congressional candidate just body-slammed a reporter (Photo: Getty Images For Peabody, Brad Barket) yesterday at 7:31 p.m. Al Franken is not running for president in 2020 (Photo: Jean Catuffe/GC Images/Getty Images) yesterday at 6:17 p.m. Advertisers have started to pull out of Sean Hannity’s show yesterday at 5:49 p.m. Very few people are staying at Trump’s New York hotels these days (Image: Netflix) yesterday at 5:28 p.m. Netflix users like comedy in the morning, documentaries late at night Newswire Great Job, Internet! TV Club B+ (Image: FXX) Archer Archer Dreamland: Auflösung Season 8, Ep 8 - Brad Culpepper (Photo: Screen Grab/CBS Entertainment) Survivor “No Good Deed Goes Unpunished” and more… Season 34, Ep 15 A Fargo "The Lord Of No Mercy" Season 3, Ep 6 A The 100 "Praimfaya" Season 4, Ep 13 A Arrow "Lian Yu" Season 5, Ep 23 B Master Of None Master Of None "Door #3" Season 2, Ep 7 A- (Sheryl Lee) (Screenshot: Twin Peaks) Twin Peaks "The Return, Part 4" and more… Season 3, Ep 4 B The Handmaid's Tale "The Other Side" Season 1, Ep 7 All Reviews What's On Tonight Video yesterday at 2:30 p.m. Jim Ross doesn’t think The Rock will return to the WWE—unless he runs for president   yesterday at 1:30 p.m. We’re spinning the commemorative Bates Motel LP   May 23, 2017 at 2 p.m. Legendary WWE announcer Jim Ross reflects on the great moments of his career   May 23, 2017 at 1 p.m. The first cookbook from Great British Bake Off’s Martha Collison finally comes to the U.S.   May 23, 2017 at midnight Phantogram channels Courtney Love, kicks off season 8 of A.V. Undercover   May 22, 2017 at 4 p.m. Have you ever wondered what the American Gods smell like?   May 19, 2017 at 4 p.m. WGN America’s Underground sent us a lamp with a special message   May 19, 2017 at 2 p.m. It’s critic vs. critic on Alien: Covenant—whoever wins, we lose   All Video A.V. Undercover A.V. Cocktail Club Film Club Reviews C Photo: Netflix today at midnight The smug satire War Machine can’t wipe that look off its face B- Photo: Vertical Entertainment today at midnight A backpacker becomes a captive in the murky Berlin Syndrome B+ (Image: FXX) Archer Archer Dreamland: Auflösung Season 8, Ep 8 - Brad Culpepper (Photo: Screen Grab/CBS Entertainment) Survivor “No Good Deed Goes Unpunished” and more… Season 34, Ep 15 A Fargo "The Lord Of No Mercy" Season 3, Ep 6 A The 100 "Praimfaya" Season 4, Ep 13 A Arrow "Lian Yu" Season 5, Ep 23 B Master Of None Master Of None "Door #3" Season 2, Ep 7 All Reviews Film TV Music Books Features Album cover detail of 1997's The Colour And The Shape today at midnight Foo Fighters’ second album didn’t change rock music—not that it was trying to All photos: Kevin Pang today at midnight Our strange, tasty, and curious finds from the Sweets & Snacks Expo today at midnight Today marks the 40th anniversary of Star Wars Chance The Rapper (Photo: Erika Goldring/Getty Images) today at midnight What are you listening to this week? Andrew Lincoln (left), Keira Knightley (Photo: Nick Briggs/Comic Relief) today at midnight The Love Actually reunion is all around you, but at least it’s for a good cause OT Fagbenle (Photo: Hulu) yesterday at 3 p.m. Was The Handmaid’s Tale’s departure from Gilead a success? The cast of Scandal (Photo: ABC/Bob D’Amico) yesterday at 12:25 p.m. Scandal is going out on its own terms—and not a moment too soon The Beguiled (Photo: Cannes) yesterday at 11:29 a.m. Sofia Coppola elegantly remakes a Clint Eastwood curiosity All Features Newswire Permanent Records Sections Film Tv Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Our Company About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Careers RSS Onion Inc. Sites The Onion The A.V. Club ClickHole Onion Studios The A.V. Club Store Get The Latest AUX Newswire Google has found a way to track you even when you’re not online By Sam Barsanti @sambarsanti Posted yesterday at 3:45 p.m. The Matrix Revolutions The Matrix Revolutions In the Matrix sequels, Hugo Weaving’s Agent Smith becomes a terrifyingly advanced computer virus that can jam his hand into another person’s chest within the virtual Matrix world and overwrite their thoughts and personality with his own. This gets especially bad for the people in the fictional real world when one of the Smiths is able to exit the Matrix by corrupting a human named Bane, thus allowing him to further his evil plans without having to deal with the limitations of the computer reality. Now, in our actual real world, Google has figured out how to replicate this very specific evil scheme, and much like with Agent Smith, the goal here is to end all life on Earth. Alright, the goal is actually to help advertisers, but when you can compare a company’s actions to the plot of the Matrix sequels, intent doesn’t really matter. Either way, the BBC is reporting that Google has come up with a system to track whether or not online ads are successful even if you don’t buy anything online (which is basically the same thing as Agent Smith clawing his way out of the Matrix). It’s called Google Attribution, and it basically takes all of the data that Google collects on internet users and combines it with data that mysterious partner companies collect on what people buy in stores with credit cards, effectively creating a way to track people’s behavior when they’re not online. The reason Google has only now started doing this is because it took until now for the company to be happy with its level of encryption, since it didn’t want anyone else to be able to steal this tracking system and use it for evil—or at least evil that isn’t approved by Google. When the data is shared with advertisers, it’s all aggregated and anonymized, so only Google itself knows who you are, where you live, what ads you see, and what you spend your money on. Basically, it’s like when Agent Smith/Bane hid on Neo’s ship so he could try and kill him before he was able to broker a truce between the machines and the humans, and though Smith failed in that attempt, he was able to blind Neo in the process. Maybe that’s a metaphor for how we’d have to cut off all virtual ties in order to avoid being tracked by Google. Anyway, it’s worth noting that Google also developed AlphaGo, the dangerously intelligent computer program that is mopping the floor with a human Go champion in China. The Matrix movies never really showed how the war started, but a computer that plays Go and an algorithm that tracks where you shop could’ve been involved. Submit your Newswire tips here. Filed Under: AUX, Google, The Matrix, The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Revolutions Can't see comments? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Load More Articles Thursdays @ 9/8 CT on Fusion Learn More Get The Latest Newswire Updates Like Most Read 1 (Photo: Paul Archuleta/Getty Images) Posted May 25 Newswire Adam Carolla needs your money to really stick it to those damn “safe spaces” 2 Screengrab: YouTube Posted May 24 Newswire The new poster for Spider-Man: Homecoming is just not very good 3 All photos: Kevin Pang Posted May 25 For Our Consideration Our strange, tasty, and curious finds from the Sweets & Snacks Expo Sign up for news Daily Newsletter Highlights from The A.V. Club What's On Tonight A daily update on the world of TV Submit Links and such All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Contests RSS About Us Contact Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy The A.V. Club Store Our Partners Hitfix Mental Floss Oh My Rockness Uproxx Upworthy Vice © Copyright 2017 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Money LATEST NEWS Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday, May 25 India hailed for disaster management plan Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz SME Sector Startups Policy & Trends Biz Listings Entrepreneurship Money Security-Tech TechnologySecurity Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleLegalSmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›Money 11:53 AM | 25 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,465162.97 NIFTY 50 9,41352.80 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,7207.00 USD/INR 64.51-0.23 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Google, Apple, Samsung bullish on mobile payment service in India By Gulveen Aulakh , ET Bureau | Updated: May 25, 2017, 01.47 AM IST Post a Comment 'Solutions like Google Payments API or even Android Pay can be important for bringing users on board for making cashless payments.' Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You NEW DELHI: Google, Apple and Samsung, besides being big on smartphones, have another product in common and relevant for India: payments. Google’s latest launch – a payment API – underlines the growing importance of smartphones as the primary platform for digital transactions, one that ties in well with India’s move to a less-cash economy. Last week, Google announced its payment API (application programming interphase), which opens up all smartphones based on its Android operating system to online payments, allowing in-app or online purchases using debit or credit cards linked to one’s Google account. While Samsung introduced Samsung Pay in March and Apple plans to launch its Apple Pay in India, both are specific to their respective devices. These add to mobile wallets operated by Paytm and MobiKwik, besides those by telcos Bharti Airtel, Vodafone and Idea Cellular, which are also trying to tap the growing use of digital payments. “Solutions like Google Payments API or even Android Pay can be important for bringing users on board for making cashless payments and may even help in generating critical mass in countries like India, given Google’s reach,” said Tarun Pathak, associate director at Counterpoint Technology Market Research. According to Sanjay Razdan, director of Samsung Pay Business, smartphones meet four key requirements for online payments – seamless experience, infrastructure, security and most importantly, behaviour change – from cash to non-cash. These points “have been further helped by large-scale data connectivity by Reliance Jio and free data at their disposal,” he said, talking about the increasing use of the devices for payments in the country. He said the key barriers remain the basic nature of Indians to transact in cash and the security of financial transactions. The slowing conversion from feature phones to smartphones is achallenge as well. Still, transactions on smartphones have risen through mobile wallets, unified payment interface (UPI) and payment mechanisms including Samsung Pay. The number of daily transactions on mobile wallets doubled to 44.3 lakh within six months of the November 8 demonetisation, according to data as of May 17 from the ministry of IT and electronics. UPI payments surged to 3.31 lakh from 3,721in this time. Debit card payments almost quadrupled and Aadhaar-enabled payments rose almost five-fold, while immediate payment systems or IMPS increased 52%. “Percentage of people using smartphoneshas grown from 21.2% in 2014 to 33.4% in 2017, which is further expected to grow to 39% by 2019, thereby bridging the gap year-on-year,” said Bipin Preet Singh, founder of mobile wallet MobiKwik, which, along with its peers, saw transactions doubling since demonetisation. Samsung is in talks with Indian banks to issue virtual cards to consumers’ smartphones rather than physical ones to save costs and put to use the ubiquity of the devices, which is growing every year, for digital transactions, Razdan said. Analysts at Deloitte India predict mobile and digital payments will overtake physical card payments as the predominant non-cash payment mode within this year. Comments(0)Add Comments Google, Apple, Samsung bullish on mobile payment service in India To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Unified Payments Interface goes live on Samsung Pay Jet Airways enables payments via Unified Payments Interface SIB launches unified payment interface 5 smart things to know about Unified Payment Interface Prime minister’s office helps Jugnoo enable unified payments interface READ MORE ONUnified Payment InterfaceSamsung PaySamsungReliance JioPayTMMobikwikGoogle Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Rethinking Brick-and-Mortar Roles in an Omnichannel Experi.. UPS Avoid These Common Mistakes on Romantic Beach Trips Travel Leaders The Most Daring Dresses on the Cannes Red Carpet LivinglyMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years Fleet Review: 6 facts about India's show of strength 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times How to Ease Ankylosing Spondylitis Stiffness and Pain Livestrong for Healthline Ask for a Quote for a Gerber Life insurance Plan  Gerber Life Insurance Company Health Hoaxes You Probably Believe The Great Courses Plus 5 Things Car Salesmen Don't Want You To Know Women's Article IAMAI says new GST Bill spells doom for internet economy Vodafone, BSNL ink pan-India 2G intra-circle roaming pact Net Neutrality row: Here is how to enable "free" internet How Google Chromebooks conquered schools Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Return Filing - Under GST, this is how you will file tax returns from July 1 Flipkart, Amazon compete to win Government e-Marketplace for crown glory Here's how the hacker got access to Zomato's user data Flipkart signs term-sheet for buying out smaller rival Snapdeal Uber is no match for auto-mated Ola here More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live|IPL 2017 GST Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Canada May 24, 2017 5:01 pm Updated: May 24, 2017 6:02 pm 9-year-old N.B. student’s Google doodle for Canada 150 catches eye of Google Canada By Shelley Steeves Senior Correspondent  Global News WATCH ABOVE: A 9-year-old boy from Lower Coverdale, N.B. has been put on Google’s radar with a design that could be featured on google.ca for a day. Global’s Shelley Steeves tells us more. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen A 9-year-old boy from Lower Coverdale, N.B. has been put on Google’s map, so to speak. Grade 4 student, Wesley Babin, is one of only 12 finalists in a nationwide “Doodle for Google” competition that just might have his creation featured on google.ca for a day. “I was really excited,” Babin told Global News. Story continues below READ MORE: Award-winning workplace safety video by N.B. student inspired by grandfather’s accident Maria Cortellucci from Google Canada said they were blown away by Babin’s 3D metal sculpture that is made from bicycle gears and metal gadgets he found around the house. “His was one of the few 3D sculptures that we got as a submission and it was really really cool,” she said. Cortellucci said more than 11,000 students in grades K to 12 from across the country entered the nationwide competition.  Students were asked to redesign the Google logo to celebrate Canada’s 150th birthday. Wesley, who wants to be a mechanical engineer someday, said his sculpture is called “A Mechanical Canada” and represents what he sees as Canada’s future in technology. “I would love to have robots to help people, like if you are paralyzed to help people walk,” Babin said. READ MORE: New Brunswick teen clears path through snow to entrepreneurship His mother, Denise, said for the past few years her son has been gathering up pieces of old toys, metal gadgets and gears to create his “inventions.” “He’ll take old toys and he will just break them apart and see how they move and then he will try to do something similar but in his own way,” she said. Denise said his creative wheels never stop turning, “he has always been creative ever since he was very, very little.” “I just find little metal pieces and I just come up with building stuff,” Babin said. Babin said he is inspired by his parents who both dabble in the creative themselves.  His mother loves to paint and sculpt using copper wire and his father is a machinist with a whole collection of gadgets tucked away in his basement. “When my dad does not know, I just go downstairs and steal stuff” said Babin, who snagged a few trinkets from his dad’s workshop to create his 3D google sculpture “I just thought, ‘oh that looks like a letter, that looks like a G, that looks like an E,” he said. READ MORE: Moncton boy with autism sculpts clay characters to help control anxiety The winning designer, to be chosen in early June, will receive a $10,000 scholarship and a $10,000 technology award for his or her school and the winning design will also be featured on google.ca for a day. “I would be extremely amazed if I won,” Babin said. But in his mother’s eyes, “he is a winner already.” © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc Report an error A Mechanical Canada Canada 150 Doodle for Google Google Canada Google Doodle NB New Brunswick Editor's Picks World ISIS claimed responsibility for Manchester attack – now what do investigators do? Canada Buying fentanyl is just a few clicks and a phone call away. And it's making things difficult for the RCMP Canada How the dark web is used to sell illegal drugs like fentanyl Health More ticks means an increase of Lyme disease across Canada — thanks to climate change Manchester explosion Manchester Arena: 2 rules to sort truth from fiction in an attack's confusing aftermath World Manchester attack: Witness accounts tell story of deadly blast as it happened World Manchester explosion: Attack happened on anniversary of British soldier Lee Rigby's murder FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now Wife of Chris Cornell writes heartbreaking letter to late husband: ‘I will fight for you’ 23436 Manchester Arena: Leaked photos appear to show bomb used in attack 9394 Ontario man wanted in girlfriend's murder described on Reddit may be heading to Mexico 2825 Passengers chant ‘lock him up’ as disruptive man delays United flight by 8 hours 1986 Jeff Sessions failed to disclose contacts with Russian ambassador on clearance form 1782 Sponsored content Popular Videos Thieves demand ransom for Calgary couple’s stolen trailer WATCH NOW Stephen Colbert jokes about viral video showing sea lion pulling girl into the water in B.C. WATCH NOW Manchester’s ‘homeless hero’ speaks out WATCH NOW Concertgoers describe moment of blast as panic quickly set in at arena in Manchester, England WATCH NOW Couple forced to sell their condo WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Youtube Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/24/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/24/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 4 Things You Didn't Know About Himax Technologies, Inc. These four lesser-known facts about Himax might convince you to put the oft-overlooked company on your long-term watch list. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) May 24, 2017 at 4:11PM Himax Technologies (NASDAQ:HIMX) generally doesn't get much media coverage, but the Taiwanese company is one of the world's biggest manufacturers of display drivers for LCD screens. Himax controls about 11% of that market, according to IHS, making it the third-largest player behind Samsung and Novatek. Himax might look like a straightforward supply chain play on the growing number of mobile devices and 4K TVs worldwide, but the company also has several unique qualities. Let's take a look at four lesser-known facts about Himax that may change your perception of this display driver maker. Image source: Getty Images. 1. Its founder opened Taiwan's first TFT-LCD plant Himax founder Dr. Biing-Seng Wu holds 61 patents worldwide related to flat-panel LCD technologies. Dr. Wu is credited for developing Taiwan's first thin-film-transistor liquid-crystal display (TFT-LCD) panel and opening the country's first TFT-LCD plant, which paved the way for many other Taiwanese firms to enter the market. 2. It's expanding into augmented reality Analysts expect Himax's revenue to fall 16% this year, due to weak seasonal demand for its display drivers. But looking further ahead, Himax expects sales to eventually rebound on demand for its LCOS (liquid-crystal-on-silicon) products, which are used in augmented reality headsets. LCOS modules process the images that are projected onto heads-up overlays. In its latest investor presentation, Himax states that few companies "provide the combination of R&D, joint development, and manufacturing expertise" in LCOS modules that it offers, and there is a "significant barrier of entry to new market entrants." Himax currently categorizes LCOS module sales under its non-driver revenues, which accounted for 19% of its top line last quarter. 3. Google owns a stake in Himax Back in 2013, Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google acquired a 6.3% stake in Himax, which supplied the LCOS chips for Google Glass. However, the Google Glass flopped due to issues with privacy, pricing, and its awkward appearance, and was temporarily discontinued in 2015. Image source: Google. But that doesn't mean that Google plans to give up on AR just yet. The company plans to launch a new version of Glass in the near future, and it recently upgraded Android's Google Assistant with the computer vision-enabled Google Lens for visual searches. Google also remains invested in the secretive AR start-up Magic Leap, and is still refining its AR computing platform Project Tango -- which enables apps to recognize surfaces and surroundings without a GPS or external wireless signals. If these plans bear fruit, demand for Himax's LCOS modules could surge over the next few years. 4. It could be developing a 3D-sensing camera for the iPhone Recent rumors suggest that Himax will supply components for a 3D-sensing camera in Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming iPhone 8, which would help it process computer vision and AR-related apps. The reports claim that Himax, ChipMOS, and STMicroelectronics will supply components for Lumentum, which will produce the 3D sensing modules for Apple. Himax will reportedly design the glass components of the module. Speaking to Barron's, Morgan Stanley analyst Charlie Chan pointed out that Himax's wafer-level optics technology could "further reduce the size" of the modules to "fit the 3D sensing in smartphones." If Apple's move into 3D-sensing cameras sparks a paradigm shift across the mobile industry, Himax could gain another valuable stream of non-display driver revenue. The key takeaways For now, Himax's growth will remain pinned to display driver sales for smartphones, tablets, computer monitors, and TVs. But if we look further down the road, its non-driver businesses of LCOS modules and other 3D-sensing components could rise as the augmented, mixed, and virtual reality markets take off. Tech M&A advisory firm Digi-Capital believes that the AR market will grow from under $1 billion today to $90 billion by 2020 -- with nearly half of that revenue coming from AR hardware sales. Research firm IDC believes sales of AR headsets will surge from $209 million in 2016 to $48.7 billion by 2021. If those bullish forecasts are correct, Himax will certainly be in a good position to ride the trend.  Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info May 24, 2017 at 4:11PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.34 down $0.46 (-0.30%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $977.61 up $7.06 (0.73%) Himax Technologies NASDAQ:HIMX $6.62 down $0.10 (-1.49%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $954.96 up $6.14 (0.65%) Read More What to Look For in Himax Technologies' Q1 Results Why Himax Technologies, Inc. Stock Plunged Today Himax Technologies History: Everything Investors Need to Know Why Himax Technologies, Inc. Stock Fell 19.1% in September 2 Things Himax Technologies Needs to Prove in 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 4 Things You Didn't Know About Himax Technologies, Inc. @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $GOOGL, $HIMX, $GOOG
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Bucket of signals How Google assesses the 'authority' of web pages Long-awaited... Google rolls out similar audiences for Search and Shopping Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Local Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google confirms it’s rolling out new reviews format for hotels It's official, Google is rolling out the more graphical user interface for hotel reviews. Barry Schwartz on May 24, 2017 at 2:34 pm More Google has confirmed with Search Engine Land that it is now rolling out a new user interface and feature set around local reviews for hotels. Earlier this month, we saw Google begin testing new hotel reviews features, and now Google has begun to roll them out. Sergey Alakov was the first to notice these beginning to roll out. A Google spokesperson confirmed this with us just now and said in a statement: Google is continually improving the information shown to people to help them make decisions about where to go. When people are searching for a hotel to stay at, we want to ensure we make it easy for people to find useful and relevant web reviews about that place to help them make informed decisions. The new hotel reviews interface added some core features. Here are a few: Third-party reviews show in a carousel for some of the listings. The review overview section has a more robust interface showing stronger colors and reviews also by attribute. The detailed review section will show a graphical user interface based on type of travel. Here are some screen shots we are able to see now of the new interface: About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Popular Stories Google is extending in-market audience targeting to Search campaigns Study argues Yelp drives higher conversions than Google and Facebook New study on featured snippets within Google reveals growth & optimization techniques Google will automatically convert display ads to AMP, test AMP landing pages for Search Related Topics Channel: LocalGoogle: Google My BusinessGoogle: Maps & Local Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers Lead Nurturing: Guide for Modern Marketers Digital Asset Management for Dummies See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Bucket of signals How Google assesses the 'authority' of web pages Long-awaited... Google rolls out similar audiences for Search and Shopping Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. SearchCap: AdWords dashboards, new Google hotel reviews & featured snippets report Barry Schwartz on May 24, 2017 at 4:00 pm More Below is what happened in search today, as reported on Search Engine Land and from other places across the web. From Search Engine Land: Google confirms it’s rolling out new reviews format for hotels May 24, 2017 by Barry Schwartz It’s official, Google is rolling out the more graphical user interface for hotel reviews. AdWords gets Google Optimize & Google Surveys 360 integrations May 23, 2017 by Ginny Marvin Advertisers will be able to create landing page tests down to the keyword level and deploy consumer surveys to remarketing lists. Spotted: AdWords reporting dashboards that can be scheduled & shared May 24, 2017 by Ginny Marvin Create visual dashboards that can be emailed on a regular basis from AdWords Report Editor. Crafting a successful holistic search approach May 24, 2017 by David Freeman Columnist David Freeman believes that integrating paid and organic search into a single holistic search strategy can increase efficiency and help marketers make smarter, more data-driven decisions. New study on featured snippets within Google reveals growth & optimization techniques May 24, 2017 by Barry Schwartz Study shows nearly 30% of the Google results have featured snippets. The consumer decision journey in the increasingly complex search retail marketplace May 24, 2017 by Christi Olson As e-commerce continues to grow, retail marketers will need to invest in digital marketing. Columnist Christi Olson makes the case that search can strengthen your online retail strategy at every stage of the buyer journey. MarTech is coming! MarTech is coming! To Boston Oct. 2-4 May 24, 2017 by Scott Brinker Earlier this month, we wrapped up the West Coast edition of MarTech. The conference kicked off with the Stackies, an awards ceremony celebrating exceptional illustrations of marketing technology stacks from companies like Microsoft, Cisco and many more. I also unveiled the 2017 edition of the Marketing Technology Landscape, which now includes a whopping 5,381 solutions, up […] The silent revolution of search May 24, 2017 by Sponsored Content: LiveRamp Conventional wisdom within ad tech is that search is boring. In the display ecosystem, life is exciting: in the last decade alone, thousands of niche companies have emerged, nearly as many have folded, and major new technologies have come and gone. In contrast, search seems dull: it’s still the best-performing and highest-spending channel by far, […] New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers May 23, 2017 by Digital Marketing Depot Search advertising is quickly becoming personal – as mobile dominates desktop and keywords are only part of the equation. If you’re not using RLSAs – Remarketing Lists for Search Ads – you are missing out on a key opportunity to make highly targeted, personalized ads an important part of your paid search strategy. But like […] Recent Headlines From Marketing Land, Our Sister Site Dedicated To Internet Marketing: Google is testing variations of black links in search results Want more links? Be more likable. Stop oversimplifying everything! Making martech usable Behind the scenes of the Martech 5000 Landscape [Podcast] MarTech is coming! MarTech is coming! To Boston Oct. 2-4 Blippar launches ‘first AR digital ad unit’ that doesn’t need an app Datorama adds Genius AI to its marketing data platform 12 email marketing fundamentals to master E-commerce CPMs, Facebook Dynamic Ad usage set to rise this Memorial Day Not getting what you want from your outreach emails? Follow these 10 steps. The silent revolution of search Pinterest adds autoplay video ads to feeds, search results Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? Search News From Around The Web: Local & Maps Making Your Content Locally Relevant, Search Engine People Link Building This Is How to Build Links Now: 10 Data-Backed Tips, WordStream Searching SearchResearch Challenge (5/24/17): Finding tweets from a particular place, SearchReSearch SEO Functional SEO Requirements For a New Website, State of Digital Google Says There Is Not Limit To How Many Times Your URL Can Show On First Page, Search Engine Roundtable How Do You SEO Categories & Tag Pages? #AskanSEO, Search Engine Journal How to Onboard an SEO Agency (Checklist), BruceClay.com Tackling Tag Sprawl: Crawl Budget, Duplicate Content, and User-Generated Content, Moz Want Google To Comment About SEO Myths? Tell Gary., Search Engine Roundtable SEM / Paid Search What You Need to Know About Google’s New Maximize Conversions Bidding Strategy, Seer Interactive About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Popular Stories Google is extending in-market audience targeting to Search campaigns Study argues Yelp drives higher conversions than Google and Facebook New study on featured snippets within Google reveals growth & optimization techniques Google will automatically convert display ads to AMP, test AMP landing pages for Search Related Topics Channel: IndustrySearchCap Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers Lead Nurturing: Guide for Modern Marketers Digital Asset Management for Dummies See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 25, 2:49 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Android O Beta Release Date: 9 Features Announced At Google I/O 2017 By Fionna Agomuoh @FionnaatIBT On 05/24/17 AT 4:49 PM Close The first public beta software for the Android O is now available for download and will give developers and fans an in-depth look at what Google has in store for its upcoming software. The tech giant also showcased several new and updated Android O features during Google I/O last week. Central themes of the update include battery improvement, increased compatibility, and simplification of tasks. Here’s a rundown of what is coming to Google smartphones through Android O. Project Treble Means Faster Updates Once again, Google has made a public commitment to faster Android updates. The tech giant detailed ahead of Google I/O, its new initiative, called Project Treble, which will separate new stock Android from the customizations added by manufacturers. This will essentially make new software coming directly from Google and new software added by OEMs' separate updates. Android users will have faster access to vital updates such as bug fixes while manufacturers can spend less time and money implementing their brand specific details on top of Android for the sake of having one software roll out. Battery Improvements Another continuous theme of Android development is battery optimization. Battery settings within Android O will include details on how much battery power various applications are using, as well as and how much time it takes power heavy apps to sap battery life. Faster Boot Times Users can expect the boot time of devices to be cut in half. Currently, devices running Android 7.0 Nougat take 47 and 90 seconds to boot. Boot times on Android O may be around 23 seconds. Updated Emoji Android O emojis will receive a facelift to a rounded design after several years of the unusual, half-moon shaped emojis on previous Android versions. The emojis are still not as lifelike as they are on iOS or Samsung devices, for example, but users should see the change as an improvement. Smart Text Selection In previous Android versions, it is easy for a strange hand placement to end a highlight prematurely, which can be tedious for users. Android O will introduce a smart text selection feature, which will automatically continue highlighting important details such as an address or phone number. Users will also be able to execute a function in accordance with the highlight, such as pulling up a new email after highlighting an email address. Picture-In-Picture The picture-in-picture feature coming to Android O will allow users to view video-based applications such as Duo and YouTube in a small corner, which can float over a full-screen application in the back. Home Screen Update Android O is also coming to Android TV and will include a more organized home screen. The update supports Google Assistant, which will allow users to voice request videos, photos and data that will display on the connected Android TV screen.   Night Light Update The Night Light feature introduced in Android 7.0 Nougat will receive an update to allow users to regulate the intensity of the blue light setting. Night Light is intended to help users see their displays better in the dark, but many have still found the setting too bright. Now users will be able to adjust the intensity to their preference with a slider. Android Go Android Go will be a software version optimized specifically for low-end devices to support the latest Google operating systems. Devices with specs as low as 512MB of RAM will be able to run Android O features. The applications will take up less space and require less processing power, compared to full versions of apps created for premium devices. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories It's Now Easier To Share Your Google Calendar, Photos And Notes With Family Members Kotlin, Google Lens And Everything Showcased At Google I/O 2017 Recommended Business Coffee Shops Serve Up Temptation To Hackers A recent report found corporations are concerned about mobile security and believe Wi-Fi networks in public places like coffee shops serve as one of the biggest risks to employees. Technology Opinion Of Microsoft Mostly Unaffected By WannaCry Ransomware Attack Public opinion on Microsoft hasn't changed in the wake of the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, a poll from Morning Consult indicates. World Summer Solstice On Saturn It happens once in about 15 Earth years but was observed by the Cassini spacecraft, which has been in the gas giant’s vicinity since 2004. National Vermont Senator To Introduce $15 Minimum Wage Bill Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, who is backed by Democrats in his agenda to introduce $15 minimum wage bill, will release the legislation Thursday. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land Big Step Snapchat rolls out self-serve platform for its vertical video ads Fool Us Thrice Everything Facebook has admitted about its measurement errors Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home CMO Zone Get the most important digital marketing news each day. Marketing Day: Blippar’s AR ad units, Pinterest autoplay video ads & more Amy Gesenhues on May 24, 2017 at 4:10 pm More Here’s our recap of what happened in online marketing today, as reported on Marketing Land and other places across the web. From Marketing Land: Google is testing variations of black links in search results May 24, 2017 by Sergey Alakov Google frequently makes changes to its search results pages in order to improve the user experience. Contributor Sergey Alakov has collected examples of what appears to be Google’s latest test: replacing blue links with black ones in the user interface. Want more links? Be more likable. May 24, 2017 by Julie Joyce Wondering why you aren’t getting as many links as you think you should? Columnist Julie Joyce covers why being likable really can lead to links. Stop oversimplifying everything! May 24, 2017 by Eric Enge The old days of gaming Google’s ranking algorithm are over, but columnist Eric Enge notes that many SEO professionals haven’t moved on yet. Making martech usable May 24, 2017 by Justin Dunham Columnist Justin Dunham is a big champion of marketing technology, but succeeding with martech requires more than just selecting the right tools — after all, tools only work if there’s good process and culture already behind them. Behind the scenes of the Martech 5000 Landscape [Podcast] May 24, 2017 by Matt McGee In this week’s episode, Scott Brinker and Anand Thaker take us through the process of creating this year’s martech landscape and, more importantly, what it means for the industry. MarTech is coming! MarTech is coming! To Boston Oct. 2-4 May 24, 2017 by Scott Brinker Earlier this month, we wrapped up the West Coast edition of MarTech. The conference kicked off with the Stackies, an awards ceremony celebrating exceptional illustrations of marketing technology stacks from companies like Microsoft, Cisco and many more. Blippar launches ‘first AR digital ad unit’ that doesn’t need an app May 24, 2017 by Barry Levine The ad requests camera access and then shows the live feed matted against a cut-out 360-degree video or 3D model. Datorama adds Genius AI to its marketing data platform May 24, 2017 by Barry Levine The New York City-based company now provides out-of-the-box smartness that suggests best solutions for improving performance. 12 email marketing fundamentals to master May 24, 2017 by Mary Wallace Columnist Mary Wallace provides a primer on email marketing fundamentals for newbies and veterans alike, noting that advanced technology is useless if you don’t get these right. E-commerce CPMs, Facebook Dynamic Ad usage set to rise this Memorial Day May 24, 2017 by Andrew Waber As temperatures start to rise and people break out their BBQ grills, columnist Andrew Waber takes a look at the Memorial Day period and its impact on e-commerce ad prices on Facebook. Not getting what you want from your outreach emails? Follow these 10 steps. May 24, 2017 by Andrea Lehr Contributor Andrea Lehr walks you through 10 tips and tricks to help you step up your outreach email efforts and get your content in front of a wider audience. Pinterest adds autoplay video ads to feeds, search results May 24, 2017 by Tim Peterson After introducing click-to-play video ads last summer, Pinterest is adding the autoplay variety to people’s feeds and search results. Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? May 23, 2017 by Digital Marketing Depot Today’s consumers research products on the go, using their smartphones to find and choose at which nearby business to make a purchase or eat a meal. Most visit the store they select on the same day. Yet most marketers can’t – or don’t – optimize their digital presence. Online Marketing News From Around The Web: Analytics Improving ROI in A/B Testing: the AGILE AB Testing Approach, Analytics-Toolkit.com Why AI won’t replace all human data analyst, VentureBeat Blogs & Blogging How to Populate a Blog the Right Way, CopyPressed Business Issues Amazon Prime Air Pilots Make Noise in Seattle, Multichannel Merchant Jeff Bezos Gives $1 Million to Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press, Adweek Looking to Expand Its Global Reach, Pinterest Hires Its First U.S. Media Agency, Adweek Content Marketing 1 Awesome Way To Create Great Content, Marketo 7 Ways to Stop Flailing with Your Content Marketing in 2017, Content Marketing Institute How to Make Sure Your Content Gets Seen, Convince and Convert How to Use Smarter Content to Build Laser-Focused Lists of Qualified Prospects (And Convert Them Into Customers), Crazy Egg The ‘Pulp Fiction’ Technique for Engaging and Persuasive Content, Copyblogger Too Much Content: What Can Marketers Do When Content Becomes a Commodity?, MarketingProfs With Content Delivery, What Goes Around Comes Around, CMS Wire Conversion Optimization Top 5 Ways to Bounce Back from a High Bounce Rate, Search Influence Copywriting, Design & Usability 7 Writing Tips From Seasoned ‘Forbes’ Contributors, Jeff Bullas Is It Time for You to Upgrade Your Web Hosting Plan?, Constant Contact Make ‘Em Shine: How To Use Illustrations To Elicit Emotions, Smashing Magazine The Ultimate Guide to WordPress Image Management, WPExplorer User-Centered Design: An Introduction, Usability Geek Domaining .Asia is opening up in July, Domain Name Wire Country names to finally be released in new gTLDs, Domain Incite E-Commerce Amazon adds shoppable stickers to its iOS app, TechCrunch Amazon’s Mysterious Policies Keep Partners Guessing, AdExchanger How to Implement Ecommerce Personalization, Practical Ecommerce How True Checkout Abandonment Can Be Reduced by 13%, Multichannel Merchant Email Marketing 7 Smart Tips for Building a Killer Email List for Marketing, MarketingProfs Small business and email marketing tips, Local University What’s missing from your email strategy, Emma Email Marketing Blog General Internet Marketing Brands are using influencers like ad agencies, Digiday Executives Are Stepping Up on Personalized Marketing, eMarketer How 2017 Marketing Can Drive More Profitable Sales, Heidi Cohen If you want to improve your marketing ROI, stop spending on social media, Econsultancy People-Based Marketing Gets Complicated Quickly In The B2B World, AdExchanger Why You Can No Longer Define Your Strategy by Channels, Think with Google MarTech 5 Drivers of Personalized Experiences: A Walk Through the AI Food Chain, CMS Wire A proposed model for organizing the chaos of marketing technology, Chief Marketing Technologist Why Tech Companies Like IBM and Amazon Brand Artificial Intelligence With Human Names, Adweek Will Facebook’s ParlAI Make Chatbots Talk Pretty One Day?, CMS Wire Mobile/Local Marketing Mobile App, Video Ad Fraud Continue to Plague Buyers and Sellers, eMarketer Snapchat’s New Custom Stories Could Revolutionize Local Marketing, Small Biz Trends Social Media 3 Facebook Advertising Mistakes Experienced Advertisers Must Avoid, Adweek 7 Things to Know About LinkedIn Lead Gen Ads, Clix Marketing PPC Blog Expanding Facebook Fundraisers to More People and Causes, Facebook Newsroom Facebook shrinks filter bubbles with alternate news sources in Trending, TechCrunch How To Create The Perfect Visual Content For Social Media, Search Engine People How to Drive Traffic to Long Form Content with Pinterest, Tailwind Blog How to Run an Instagram Story Takeover, Social Media Examiner IPL 10 Brings Millions Together on Facebook, Facebook Media Small Businesses Are Missing the Boat on Social, Adweek Twitter created an ad format to put bots in your DMs, VentureBeat Twitter gets the magnificent trio of shade-throwing emoji, The Verge Update on Trending, Facebook Newsroom Whatever You Do, Don’t Let Your Snapstreak End Tonight, Wall Street Journal Video EU close to making Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter block hate speech videos, The Verge Four tips for creating effective YouTube bumper ads, eMarketer How To Use Facebook Live For Employee Communications, Web Ink Now The Live Blog: May 23, 2017, Facebook Media Twitter COO Anthony Noto Discusses Live Video Tab, Global Livestreaming, Adweek Twitter for Apple TV adds live, 360 degree video and Periscope’s global map, TechCrunch Video Is Not Display, So Publishers Should Stop Using Display CPM Strategies, AdExchanger About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Marketing Land and Search Engine Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Popular Stories Google launches free Google Attribution, hopes to kick last-click attribution to the curb 12 email marketing fundamentals to master Two social media heavyweights show us inside Amazon’s Influencer Program Related Topics Channel: CMO ZoneMarketing Day Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers Lead Nurturing: Guide for Modern Marketers Digital Asset Management for Dummies See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StorySamsung’s New Gear 360 Arrives Tomorrow for $229 Next StoryChange Your Galaxy S8’s On-Screen Buttons to Match the Pixel With This App by Kellex on May 24, 2017 @droid_life Apps News Home Share this Story Google Photos Archive Feature Goes Live Google rolled a new Archive tool out to Google Photos today that helps you clean-up your main photo feed. Going forward, you’ll be able to toss photos aside that you may not want visible at all times without fully deleting them. The new Archive can be accessed a number of ways. The easiest way to archive photos is to select a bunch, tap the top-right menu, and choose “Archive.” You can also swipe out the app’s side menu, look for the new Archive option, choose it, then tap the little image icon with the “+” sign in the top right, which will let you go through and select items for archiving.  So you are aware, archiving removes photos from your main Photos column and feed, but it does not remove them from albums. As you switch over to the Albums section, you’ll likely notice right away that a bunch of photos are in them that you archived. That’s obviously by design. Either way, the option should be rolling out to your device today. Time for clean-up! Play Link Post navigation Previous StorySamsung’s New Gear 360 Arrives Tomorrow for $229 Next StoryChange Your Galaxy S8’s On-Screen Buttons to Match the Pixel With This App gaajiwaaih I wish they had a family plan for photos/ drive so we could all share one location for photos, similar to dropbox. disastrousrainbow Aka a convenient to hide all your porn you have backed up. 😛 Dave haha exactly DonSerrot This is a very welcome new feature for me. I’ve been using Google Photos to back up my Nintendo Switch screenshots by copying them from the micro SD card to a folder on my computer that’s set to automatically upload them for me. With this change I might go back to backing up my PC game screenshots too. Xious Feature request: remove duplicate photos. That is all I ask. RazorSky And for your next trick, identify duplicate uploads? Dave as in images? they don’t back up duplicate file names Miguel They’ve been doing this for a while now. Jérôme Besnard Photo Books is live too! Suicide_Note Yep, started going live a few days ago. Kellex B I still don’t have Photo Books in the app, just online. Fresh360 Same. Suicide_Note It’s a staged roll-out, of course. Jérôme Besnard Amen! A year ago, I stopped taking pictures for Google Maps because they could not be ‘removed’ from Photos. Time to get more points with Maps. Librarian I wish they would give us archive old trips in the Google Trips app. Only option is to delete past trips. Nice to see archiving is being offered across products though. sinfoman I don’t use photos (much) to save storage space on the google servers. Will archive remove them from the SERVER side backups as well? Anyone? Anyone? JSo Not sure I follow exactly. I think your photos have to be backed up first before you can archive Suicide_Note No. DonSerrot I don’t exactly follow your logic here… Google lets you back up photos below 16MP without counting against your personal space and will resize them is above that. Even if you had a Pixel you’d be taking pictures at 12.3MP so you wouldn’t even come close to touching your storage space. Videos are free too at 1080p so unless you record everything at 4k you are still golden. Even if you manage to take pictures and record video above the free size as long as you have the “High Quality” option on in Photos it’ll resize them for you, and from what I’ve seen they do so with little to no quality loss at least as far as my Nexus 5X is concerned. As for your actual question, the main Photos column that this comes into play for only shows the photos you have backed up. It doesn’t show pictures I’ve downloaded from Reddit for example, for those I’d have to go to Device Folders in the slide out menu. Gonzales No, even if you have less than 16 mp camera and it’s not a Pixel, they still add compression to the photo. Only Pixel phones have the ability to back up unaltered photos without taking up space. I separate most of my stuff to albums but everything was in main feed. It’s nice to archive everything from those albums and have it declutter the main feed. DonSerrot I never said they don’t get compressed, I just said there was no noticeable quality loss from what I can see. Gonzales Then ok. About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path MicrosoftSurfacePro EchoVs.Home NetNeutrality WannaCry GradGifts Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Whether You Buy Online or In-Store, Google Will Know Whether You Buy Online or In-Store, Google Will Know By Tom Brant May 24, 2017 02:48pm EST 10 Comments Google's advertisers will soon be able to measure the success of their online campaigns based on credit card transaction data from physical stores. Google, like other internet giants, makes its money from online advertising. So it must pander to advertisers—assuring them their ads are working—and consumers, convincing them that the personal data used to serve targeted ads aren't violating their privacy. The company's latest attempt, currently in beta testing, will let marketers track the success of their ad campaigns online and in brick-and-mortar stores, thanks to Google's recently developed capability to identify purchases that consumers make with their physical credit or debit cards. Google now plans to use artificial intelligence algorithms to augment the credit card transaction data to which it already has access, allowing advertisers to determine how much in-store revenue can be attributed to their online ad campaigns. For an example of why such an ability is catnip to advertisers, consider the UK-based Holidays division of Richard Branson's Virgin empire, a Google advertiser. Google said in a blog post that Virgin Holidays has determined that a customer who purchases something in a physical store after clicking on an ad appearing in Google search results is three times more profitable than a customer who buys something online. For consumers, the prospect of Google extending its data dragnet into physical stores is worrisome, especially since there's no third-party ad blocker you can activate while you're standing at the cash register. Thanks to third-party vendors, Google said it's able to capture approximately 70 percent of credit and debit card transactions in the United States. But Google's early motto was "don't be evil," and the company apparently still takes that to heart. Once the program goes live, you'll likely be able to limit its ability to track your purchases by activating Google's blanket opt-out option for targeted ads. The company said it also plans to encrypt the data it gathers from physical stores to keep them safe from hackers, as well as subject them to its privacy policy. Related Google Tweaks Ad Policy After Uproar Over Offensive Content Google Tweaks Ad Policy After Uproar Over Offensive Content "While we developed the concept for this product years ago, it required years of effort to develop a solution that could meet our stringent user privacy requirements," Google said in a statement to the Washington Post. "To accomplish this, we developed a new, custom encryption technology that ensures users' data remains private, secure, and anonymous." Still, when ad revenue is on the line, even Google has shown that is willing to modify its privacy rules. Last fall, for example, the company added a line to its privacy policy that allows it to deliver targeted ads to people using their browsing history from across the Google ecosystem. This story was updated with additional information from Google. Back to top Previous : Apple Wants to Teach You How to Make Apps Nab Samsung's New Gear 360 Camera for $229 Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Acer Teases New Nitro 5 and Spin 1 Laptops, Iconia Tablets The Nitro 5 is for casual gamers; the Iconia Tab 10 tablet has four speakers and its own subwoofer. ... More » To Spread Thunderbolt, Intel Will Stop Collecting Royalties Expect to see Thunderbolt ports on many more computers, peripherals, and even VR headsets once Intel... More » Selfies Could Fool the Galaxy S8's Iris Scanner A hack demonstrates that the iris scanner in Samsung's new flagship smartphone could unlock the devi... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 10 Inventors Who Made No Money on Their Inventions Gadgets You'll Want in Your First Apartment WannaCry Ransomware: What You Need to Know 8 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA Windows 10 Fall Creators Update: 7 Things to Check Out How a Retired Nurse Provides Her Small Vt. Town With Internet »See More //Discover... The Best Laptops of 2017 26 Google Maps Tricks You Need to Try 19 Hidden Roku Tricks for Streaming Success »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Enterprise Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Nvidia CEO shrugs off Google's efforts to undercut its growth engine Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang says the upcoming Volta GPU will have higher performance than the latest Google TPU. Nvidia GPUs are currently available from Google public cloud. Jordan Novet | @jordannovet 11 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer: Nvidia should be the 'N' in FANG    14 Hours Ago | 03:56 Graphics chip maker Nvidia on Wednesday responded to a threat from Alphabet's latest efforts to use its own chip for artificial intelligence workloads. That effort could eventually blunt Nvidia's growth, which is being driven by companies using Nvidia's chips for AI processing. Nvidia has become closely associated with this type of computing in the past few years, and the stock has shot up as investors have caught on and sales have increased. Shares have appreciated more than 200 percent in the last year, and almost 30 percent since the beginning of 2017. Nvidia stock fell last week after Google announced the second-generation TPU, its most competitive processor, but it has since rebounded. 'We have one for free' In a blog post Wednesday, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang emphasized that his company has an ongoing collaboration with Google, while also indirectly belittling part of Google's tensor processing unit initiative. Additionally, Nvidia announced plans to release certain AI software under an open-source license. "We want to see the fastest possible adoption of AI everywhere. No one else needs to invest in building an inferencing TPU [what Google is doing]. We have one for free — designed by some of the best chip designers in the world." Google's TPUs are not available for companies to buy, unlike Nvidia's processors, but they will become available to rent out through the Google Cloud Platform. Deep learning, a type of AI that Google has embraced alongside other tech companies for a variety of applications, typically involves two phases. First, researchers teach computers — often armed with GPUs — to do things like detect cars in photos by feeding them lots of data. Second, once the computers have been trained, researchers send them new data and direct them to make predictions about it, given what they know. show chapters Softbank takes $4B stake in Nvidia    10 Hours Ago | 00:41 Google unveiled its first-generation TPU last year, although it was only meant for inference, a word describing the second phase of deep learning. The second version announced last week can handle training, the first phase, as well as inference, making its TPUs more of a threat to Nvidia's GPUs. But companies can access Nvidia's GPUs today on the Google Cloud Platform, and Nvidia works alongside Google to improve the performance of the Google-led open-source TensorFlow framework for AI, Huang wrote. "AI is the greatest technology force in human history. Efforts to democratize AI and enable its rapid adoption are great to see," Huang wrote. The new TPU delivers 45 teraflops of performance, while Nvidia's latest GPU, named Volta, provides 120 teraflops, Huang wrote. Soon Google will let third-party developers use Cloud TPUs; each one of them will draw on a motherboard containing four TPUs, delivering a total of 180 teraflops. Jordan NovetReporter for CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- NVDA --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed LastPass’s new cloud backup option – sunny skies or a brewing storm? 24 May 2017 3 2-factor Authentication Post navigation Previous: Hacked Twitter account spits out poison – make sure yours isn’t next Next: Police swoop on gang that planted banking Trojan on 1m phones by John E Dunn 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit As eagle-eyed users of LastPass will have noticed, the company recently introduced a cloud backup option for the company’s popular smartphone Authenticator app. Authenticator implements multi-factor authentication for LastPass and a range of third-party services supporting the Time-based One-Time Password (TOTP) algorithm such as Google, Facebook, Microsoft, WordPress, Dropbox, and so on. It’s possible to do this from Google’s Authenticator app but, frankly, LastPass is better at it because it offers features such as one-tap push notifications which make using it quick and easy. However, the convenience comes with a small pitfall for the unwary – what happens if the smartphone running Authenticator tied to a user’s account is lost or stolen? Because the phone’s subscriber IMEI is paired to the service during enrollment, setting up a new one requires users to go back to square one, which means re-enrolling (or re-instating using backup codes) every single third-party service it was being used with. Sophos Home Free home computer security software for all the family Learn More What the new cloud backup option offers is a to dodge this hassle by backing up the multi-factor tokens to the LastPass vault in an encrypted state. Doubtless, a few people will find this alarming – indeed, some do. Backing up multi-factor tokens to one place sounds risky because you are putting the multi-factor eggs in one basket. On the face of it, that goes against the point of multi-factor authentication – which is that there should never be one point of failure. Or you could argue that putting tokens inside a password manager is no less secure than putting lots of passwords inside a password manager in the first place. Anyone wanting access to the vault will still have to get around both password and multi-factor security to gain access to critical data. There is one hypothetical difference. If LastPass is somehow compromised for users not using LastPass Authenticator, the attackers have access to all the passwords plus a way of bypassing LastPass’s own multi-factor authentication. What they won’t have without the phone or a reliable man-in-the middle compromise is a way of compromising the subset of sites inside the vault that have multi-factor authentication turned on independently. In theory – and it’s only “in theory” because the multi-factor backup is secured using the same security as any other LastPass data – anyone using Authenticator with multi-factor backup turned on might lose this defence in the same situation. In the end, the argument in favour of cloud backup is that it’s a compromise designed to cope with the fact that multi-factor security doesn’t scale well. The technology is great for a handful of sites, but apply it to dozens and it starts to weigh people down in exactly the same way passwords do. Make reinstatement too onerous and people won’t use it at all. Password managers were invented to manage lots of passwords people couldn’t remember in the same way that authentication apps manage lots of multi-factor systems that eventually slow people down. LastPass is doing what its users have asked it to do. Security often edges its way forward by making these sorts of compromises without which we must revert to physical tokens, offline databases or paper and pen. As long as LastPass users know they have a choice. Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @JohnEDunn data encryption LastPass multi-factor authentication Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: Hacked Twitter account spits out poison – make sure yours isn’t next Next: Police swoop on gang that planted banking Trojan on 1m phones About the author John E Dunn John E Dunn has covered cybersecurity since 2003 - long before anyone was worried. He was co-founding editor of industry title Techworld and security editor at Computerworld UK. Other editor stints included Network Week, Network World, LAN Magazine, Personal Computer Magazine, start-up title Tornado-Insider Magazine, as well as the usual blogs, freelance articles, glum appearances on BBC TV/Radio, and expert opinion for the magnificent CBC Canada. 3 comments on “LastPass’s new cloud backup option – sunny skies or a brewing storm?” Stuart Rance says: May 24, 2017 at 6:04 pm “…compromises without which we must revert to physical tokens” – a physical token sounds like a simple and effective way to manage 2 factor authentication. Reply Kickedmycat says: May 24, 2017 at 6:30 pm What was wrong with authy; does the same thing. It a shame to think all the bullshit about cloud blead, was so over hyped. Last Pas has just made 2FA pointless is your least Pas account is compromised. Reply Kurt Schilling says: May 24, 2017 at 7:58 pm Your point about what happens if the phone gets stolen is a good one. Personally I don’t use my phone for shopping or for sites that require a USID/PW login. If I did, I don’t think that I’d really trust a cloud based storage of sensitive information. If I have to shop online, I do it from home on a computer that connects via a VPN and even on that machine, I use off line storage for PWs. If you really want safety: perhaps you shouldn’t go online in the first place. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Apr26 by John E Dunn 12 More LastPass flaws: researcher pokes holes in 2FA Aug12 by Maria Varmazis 20 SMS or authenticator app – which is better for two-factor authentication? Jun30 by Maria Varmazis 20 How to set up two-step verification on your Amazon account Nov14 by John Shier 9 Two-factor authentication: Understanding the options Jan31 by Chester Wisniewski 7 The power of two – All you need to know about two-factor authentication Sep05 by Paul Ducklin 10 Google coding glitch locks Apple iOS users out of on-line accounts SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2017 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed Police swoop on gang that planted banking Trojan on 1m phones 24 May 2017 1 Android, Data loss, Law & order, Malware, Phishing, Spam Post navigation Previous: LastPass’s new cloud backup option – sunny skies or a brewing storm? Next: News in brief: drones could be hobbled; cost of ransomware counted; Target agrees $18.5m deal by Lisa Vaas 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Russia’s Ministry of Internal Affairs has busted a gang that infected more than 1m Android devices with a banking Trojan that forced the devices to make transfers and intercepted the banks’ text messages, the MIA announced on Monday. The MIA said the so-called Cron gang had managed to siphon off more than 50m rubles – about $890,000, or £684,000. The ministry was helped by the Russia-based security outfit Group-IB, which said that the Cron crooks were nabbed right before they were going to unleash another malware on customers of French banks. Group-IB first caught wind of the Cron crooks in March 2015 when its intelligence system picked up on a new criminal group distributing malicious Android packages named viber.apk, Google-Play.ap, and Google_Play.apk on underground forums. The hackers themselves called the malware Cron, so that’s what Group-IB called the gang. Here’s how the heist worked: first, to infect an Android device, the gang had a few tricks. One was to spam out text messages with a link to a website rigged with the banking Trojan. The message read either: Your ad is posted on the website… or: Your photos are posted here. Another infection vector was fake apps: malware disguised as legitimate applications such as Navitel, Framaroot, Pornhub and Avito. Sophos Home Destroy malware in your sleep Learn More The Cron gang also advertised. They planted links to compromised sites that showed up as top search results when people searched “mobile app” with the name of a bank. The phishing sites were set up to look just like an official bank site. After a victim’s phone was infected, the Trojan could automatically transfer money from the user’s bank account to accounts controlled by the gang. To withdraw the stolen funds, the hackers opened more than 6,000 bank accounts. After installation, the malware added itself to auto-start. It had the power to send SMS messages to the phone numbers indicated by the criminals, to upload SMS messages received by the victim to command and control servers, and to hide text messages coming from the bank. The gang was very busy: every day, on average, the gang infected 3,500 devices. And every day, the Cron malware tried to sneak money out of the bank accounts of between 50 and 60 victims. The average theft was about 8,000 rubles ($100). By April 2016, the Cron crooks were ready to expand. They took to a hacker forum to announce the lease of a mobile Trojan called cronbot that purportedly could intercept SMS messages and calls, send USSD requests – that’s a GSM cellular phone protocol used to communicate with a service provider’s computers – and perform web injections. It was only offered to one person, which led Group-IB to assume that the gang decided to recruit a new member. As it was, the group consisted of organizers, operators, “cryptors”, “traffickers” and money mules. Another sign that the Cron gang was expanding beyond Russia came in June 2016, when the team rented a mobile banking Trojan, Tiny.z, for $2,000 a month. The tool was capable of attacking Android devices belonging to the customers of both Russian and international banks. The Cron crew tweaked Tiny.z to attack banks in Great Britain, Germany, France, the USA, Turkey, Singapore, Australia and other countries. The Trojan scanned the victim’s phone for a banking application and displayed a universal window with the icon and name of the bank retrieved from Google Play that prompted the user to enter their login. France was first on the list of targeted countries: the gang tailored web injections for the financial institutions Credit Agricole, Assurance Banque, Banque Populaire, BNP Paribas, Boursorama, Caisse d’Epargne, Societe Generale and LCL. The French assault never happened. By November 2016, Russian police had identified all 20 gang members and collected digital evidence of their crimes. Between November 2016 and April 2017, they carried out 20 raids in six regions of Russia, arrested 16, and now have four under house arrest. The last arrest took place in April when police arrested a man in St. Petersburg. Cron-b-gone: fending off Play Store malware Now, to walk this epic bust back to the initial infection vectors: you might wonder how nastyware like Cron gets past Google’s vetting procedures to keep out booby-trapped apps. When you look at the numbers, it’s not hard to understand. As fellow Naked Security writer Paul Ducklin has explained , as of January 2016, there were about 50,000 new apps being admitted to Google Play each month. At this point, it’s accelerated: the current number was near 55,000 apps for this month, feeding into a total of nearly 3m apps. Google’s good, but it’s not perfect. During 2015, malware samples from more than 10 different families made it past Google’s checks and were installed more than 10m times. If you’re curious to know how crooks slip past Google’s safeguards, you’ll want to read the article The Secrets of Malware Success on Google Play Store, from SophosLabs’ Rowland Yu. And if you want to inoculate yourself against Android malware, these are the three primary tips we pass along: Install patches for your device as soon as they are available. (Sadly, for some devices, that’s rarely or never.) Use a product such as Sophos Free Antivirus and Security to keep an eye out for malware, dodgy websites, adware and other potentially unwanted apps. Turn off Allow installation of apps from unknown sources in the Android security settings if you can. It’s also worth noting that it’s smart to avoid clicking on URLs in emails, in text messages or on social media, even if you think a message is coming from somebody you know. Such links can be rigged with malware. Also, stick to downloading apps from official app stores or official websites. Even though Google’s Play Store has a sizable chunk of malware apps, it’s still likely a safer bet than clicking on a random link sent by who-knows-who posing as your best buddy or your boss. Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @LisaVaas Android malware banking malware Banking Trojan Cron Google Play Store russia Tiny.z Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: LastPass’s new cloud backup option – sunny skies or a brewing storm? Next: News in brief: drones could be hobbled; cost of ransomware counted; Target agrees $18.5m deal About the author Lisa Vaas I've been writing about technology, careers, science and health since 1995. I rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK, popped out with the 2008 crash, joined the freelancer economy, and am still writing for my beloved peeps at places like Sophos's Naked Security, CIO Mag, ComputerWorld, PC Mag, IT Expert Voice, Software Quality Connection, Time, and the US and British editions of HP's Input/Output. I respond to cash and spicy sites, so don't be shy. One comment on “Police swoop on gang that planted banking Trojan on 1m phones” James Carroll says: May 24, 2017 at 8:28 pm Lisa, Caution is not enough sometimes. Doogee phones seem – it’s well documented on the net – to come loaded with malware/spyware directly from the manufacturer. It may well be an innocent mistake or false positive but Doogee hasn’t been very proactive about giving a solution. A pity because the phones seem good for the price. Hard to feel confident about buying one again though I fear this may not be limited to them. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Jun06 by Lisa Vaas 2 Russia arrests 50, shuts down 5-year, $25m cyber bank robbery Dec10 by John Zorabedian 1 Phony WhatsApp update could cost you much more than a dollar Jun04 by John Zorabedian 0 Twin brothers accused of leading phishing gang busted by Russian police Mar25 by John Zorabedian 48 Spyware app turns the privacy tables on Google Glass wearers Nov08 by Lisa Vaas 5 Adobe Reader zero-day exploit thwarts sandboxing Dec31 by Graham Cluley 2 Geinimi Android Trojan horse discovered SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2017 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Sign in Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainments Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Thursday, May 25, 2017 Sign in / Join Archives About Ghana Forums Contact Us Radio Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. News Ghana Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainments Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Home Opinion Featured Articles We have lost transparency Opinion Featured Articles We have lost transparency May 24, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet At the annual Nigerian jamboree to the Offshore Technology Conference (OTC) in Houston, Texas, Dr. IbeKachikwu, the minister of state for petroleum resources, told a “world press conference” on May 5, 2017 that Nigeria’s refineries would soon have new investors. He said 26 investors had indicated interest in the epileptic refineries. “By September, we will unveil the investors for the refineries,” the minister said smoothly, typically. “When we came onboard, the refineries were not working but as we speak, we have sizeable investment portfolio for them to an extent that we don’t know who to partner with for the investment.” Let’s say I didn’t go to school at all. Or let’s say it was evening school that I attended. These would still be my takeaways from the minister’s proclamations: one, our refineries are now in a position to attract investment; two, 26 investors have indicated interest in taking over the refineries (on a repair, operate and maintain, ROM, agreement); three, we have not taken a decision yet because there are so many suitors to choose from; and four, we will announce the favoured investors by September. Without attending Harvard Business School, I would still conclude that it appeared the process was going to be competitive and transparent. On May 11, 2017 (six days later, right?) Mr. Wale Tinubu, the CEO of Oando Plc, told the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) that the group had received approval of the government to “repair, operate and maintain” the Port Harcourt Refinery together with “our partner” Agip, a subsidiary of ENI, the Italian company indicted in the Malabu/OPL 245 affair. Tinubu said: “We plan to increase the refinery capacity from 30 per cent to 100 per cent.” Great news, as far I am concerned. We need the refineries back as soon as possible; we have had enough of the endless TAMs gulping billions of naira and spewing out virtually no products for decades. Now this is where I need your help. The last time I checked, with the help of Google, May and September are different months. There are June, July and August in-between. With the help of Google, I also discovered that the gap between when Kachikwu spoke in Houston and when Tinubu spoke in Lagos was a whopping six days — or, to make it simpler, less than one week. There are usually four weeks in a month, and from May 5, when Kachikwu spoke, to September, there are 17 weeks, according to the all-knowing Google. With Tinubu’s disclosure, should we assume that May is the new September? Or that September came early for Oando, Agip and Kachikwu? We cannot be sealing deals under the table without revealing the details to Nigerians and then claim we are building an open society But I think Google is overrated. There were so many questions it could not answer. For instance, I asked: “Is Oando among the 26 investors Kachikwu boasted about in Houston?” I could not make head or tail of the results. Google came up with “FOX 26 Houston KRIV”. Nonsense. But I got more gibberish for other questions: did Oando and ENI send in a bid? Was it an unsolicited bid? Was it selective tendering? If it was competitive bidding, how many bids were received for Port Harcourt? How much did Oando/ENI bid? How much did others bid? How much did the bidders promise to invest? How many years will the ROM run? Are there concessions for the new operators? I can understand why Google got stuck — that almighty search machine likes transparency. If you do not make your information public, it cannot make it public for you. The best, or should I say the worst, Google would do is to suggest answers that it thinks are related to your questions, even when there is no connection whatsoever. If you google most of the major concessions and major contracts awarded by this government, you will get irrelevant answers on the process. For the same reason: transparency is very scarce in these major deals. We just wake up one day and hear that one company has been awarded a job. Not a word on the process. Don’t get me wrong: I’m not saying Oando should not take over the Port Harcourt Refinery. I have devoted a significant part of my column-writing career to promoting the cause of Nigerian companies. I believe that one day, made-in-Nigeria will be enjoyed all over the world. I want Nigerian companies to fly our flag honourably. Even though I have been called names and subjected to sickening innuendos for promoting Dangote, Globacom, Oando and Innosons, among others, I am not about to repent. Americans are proud of their Apple, Microsoft and Chevron, and my dream is that our people and our companies will become global brands too. That said, though, I am very worried about an emerging pattern in this administration. President Muhammadu Buhari campaigned on the strength of correcting the mistakes and misdeeds of the previous government, but I am seeing too much repetition for it to be coincidental. There is too much secrecy in the way many important things are done, and corruption, need we say, thrives on secrecy. Take away competition, take away transparency, take away accountability, and you have a perfect recipe for corruption. We cannot be sealing deals under the table without revealing the details to Nigerians and then claim we are building an open society. We just woke up one day to learn that GE had secured the concession to take over the railways. How did it happen? What are the details of the deal? Is this the best possible deal Nigeria can get? We were just watching TV one evening and learnt that the federal government had finally signed a renegotiated concession agreement with the Global Steel Holding Limited (GSHL) for Ajaokuta Steel. Up till today, we don’t know the details. Ask questions and what you get as answer is: who paid you to ask? As a journalist, I’m used to the blackmail. I would have quit this job the day I joined if I had to pay attention to personal attacks. By the way, I know a bit about the procurement options. I know of “sole sourcing”, where you go to one provider only because no other provider does it — like buying a Rolls Royce from the maker. “Selective tendering” allows you to approach a few providers who meet certain criteria. There is “repeat procurement”, where you return to earlier provider because of time constraints and because they did a previous job well. All these need strong justifications because you are restricting competition, which is a major element of procurement. And then there is “competitive bidding”, where you throw it open to all. In all, Nigerians deserve to know the process adopted. Get me right. I am not saying anything illegal is being done in the case of the Port Harcourt Refinery. It just lacks transparency. That’s my point. And what about other moral issues? ENI again? As I write this, many Nigerians are being prosecuted or wanted by the EFCC for their involvement in the OPL 245 deal. They are being accused of taking part in an elaborate bribery scheme. But ENI, which is at the centre of it all and is being prosecuted by an Italian prosecutor for its role in the $1.3 billion affair, is cornering more deals in Nigeria without getting as much as a slap on the wrist. The impression being created is that our anti-graft war is very narrow. I sympathise with the government over the limitations imposed by procurement rules, particularly the constraint of speed, but the process was designed for a purpose. More so, this government has been in power for nearly two years, which means a lot could still have been accomplished over the years in spite of the constraints. And, remember, there are many options that can shorten the process which the government has been using for a while now. The biggest headache, though, is that there is too much opaqueness for us to conclude that transparency is a guiding principle. The chaos over the concessioning of Port Harcourt Refinery is a very good example. Dissonance. By Simon Kolawolelive TAGS IbeKachikwu Simon Kolawolelive SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleFree SHS : PROTAG calls on Govt to clearly spell out its implementation Next articleWhen Ghana Government becomes Defensive Admin RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR AG’s Office spoke like the NDC USAID sharpens policy skills of agriculture ministry personnel When Ghana Government becomes Defensive Get more stuff like this in your inbox Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox. Thank you for subscribing. Something went wrong. we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously Recent Posts AG’s Office spoke like the NDC Evy releases new music: “Akoko” Chmerkovskiy reveals he has a child SRC of UCC calls on students to stay calm Samira Bawumia supports the 100 incubators campaign BREAKING NEWS U.S Police Deployed to Calm Tension at Nigerian Embassy in Washington “We’re proud of the work we do” – Monsanto Ridge Hospital Closed Down A Day After Its Opening Anas to release another “explosive video” soon Follow us on Instagram @newsghana ABOUT USNews Ghana is Ghana’s leading online news publication for business executives in West Africa and around the continent. Tel: +233 244244807 Contact us: newsghana101@gmail.com FOLLOW US Home Advertising About Us About Ghana Contact Us Partners Privacy & Cookies © 2012-2017 News Ghana
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ח אייר תשע"ז  -  מ״ג בעומר   |   Wednesday, May 24, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Technology Google Helps Advertisers Track Spending in Physical Stores Google Helps Advertisers Track Spending in Physical Stores Wednesday, May 24, 2017 at 4:04 pm | כ"ח אייר תשע"ז Google CEO Sundar Pichai delivers the keynote address of the Google I/O conference lsat Wednesday. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Google already monitors online shopping – and now it’s keeping an eye on physical stores to try to sell more digital advertising. The internet company said Tuesday that a new tool will track how much money people spend in merchants’ brick-and-mortar stores after clicking on their digital ads. The analysis will be done by matching the combined ad clicks of people who are logged into Google services with their collective purchases on credit and debit cards. Google says it won’t be able to examine the specific items purchased or how much a specific individual spent. But even aggregated data can sometimes be converted back to data that can identify individuals, said Larry Ponemon, chairman of the Ponemon Institute privacy research firm. Google says it has access to roughly 70 percent of U.S. credit and debit card sales through partnerships with other companies that track that data. By matching ad clicks with this data, Google says it can automatically inform merchants when their digital ads translate into sales at a brick-and-mortar store. Previously, if people clicked on an ad without buying anything online, an advertiser might conclude that the ad was a waste of money. If the program works, it could help persuade merchants to boost their digital marketing budgets. The data add to the digital dossiers that Google has compiled on users of its search engine and other services, including Gmail, YouTube and Android. Sridhar Ramaswamy, Google’s senior vice president of ads and commerce, said the new tracking system was created in consultation with “incredibly smart people” to ensure it’s not invasive. He described the program as “secure and privacy safe.” But Ponemon said that even if Google has good intentions now, companies and governments in the future might not. The kinds of data that Google is collecting also could become an inviting target for hackers, said Miro Copic, a marketing professor at San Diego State University. “The privacy implications of this are pretty massive, so Google needs to tread very carefully,” Copic said. Google already runs the world’s biggest online ad network, one that raked in $79 billion in revenue last year. That puts it in the best position to capture any additional marketing dollars spent on computers and mobile devices. The Mountain View, California company touted the store-sales measurement tool Tuesday in San Francisco at an annual conference it hosts for its advertisers. This meeting was an opportunity not only for Google to flaunt its new tools, but to work on regaining ground with advertisers who have recently boycotted their video ads. Major advertisers began pulling back two months ago over concerns that Google hadn’t prevented major brand advertising from appearing alongside extremist video clips promoting hate and violence. Google already knows what you like based on the searches you make and the videos you watch. Online ads are then targeted to those interests. From there, Google can tell when you click on an ad and if you make an online purchase based on that. The new program takes that tracking into physical stores. Google says its computers rely primarily on log-in information, such as email addresses, to identify the people clicking on ads. It then matches that data with other identifying information compiled by merchants and the issuers of credit and debit cards to figure out when digital ads contribute to an offline purchase. It’s all done in a “double-blind” way, Ramaswamy said, meaning the personal information that Google has can’t be seen by merchants or its credit and debit card partners. By the same token, Google is blocked from seeing personal information held by its partners. When it first described the tracking program to The Associated Press, Google provided an example of how it would be able to identify a specific purchase made in a physical store by a consumer who had clicked on a digital ad run by the merchant. On Tuesday, though, Google executives stressed that it won’t be able to peer that deeply into what people are buying. Google’s tool won’t work for cash payments or the 30 percent of U.S. card transactions that Google can’t currently access. And this works only for individuals who log in. Google gives its users the option to limit the company’s tracking and control what types of ads they are shown – although in practice, relatively few users tweak such settings. Filed under: Google Print Email Gmail Related Google Offers New Way for Users to Manage Ads, Personal Data Google Unveils Buying Button in Mobile Shopping Ads Google Tries to Demystify Privacy Controls With New Approach Google Expands Personalized Search for Desktops and Mobile Google Unveils Android’s Latest Technological Tricks More in Technology $100 of Bitcoin in 2010 is Worth $75 Million Today Hackers Hit Russian Bank Customers, Planned International Cyberraids Twitter Co-Founder: I’m Sorry If We Made Trump’s Presidency Possible Electric-Vehicle Sales Rise in California Jury Awards T-Mobile $4.8M in Trade-Secrets Case Against Huawei OP-ED The Message From Riyadh A Display of Genuine Friendship Mr. Berman’s Bubby The Guardrails Can’t Contain Trump Ships Without Sailors President Donald Trump at the Kosel Leakers Who Revealed Israel as Intelligence Source Did Far More Damage Than Trump When Presidents Feared Setting Foot on Foreign Soil Appreciating a Malchus Shel Chessed He Who Sustains the Bear When the Innocent Plead Guilty The Laptop Ban Continues Its Mysterious Run The Homecoming of Oscar Lopez Rivera Lessons From A Massive Ransomware Attack Features Nichum Aveilim 28 Iyar/May 24 Gotcha This Day In History 28 Iyar/May 24 Sudoku – May 24, 2017 This Day In History 27 Iyar/May 23 The Odd Side – May 23, 2017 World of Wonder – May 23, 2017 For Sure Nichum Aveilim 27 Iyar/May 23 Editorial Cartoon – May 23, 2017 Sudoku – May 23, 2017 Sudoku – May 22, 2017 Document-ary Editorial Cartoon – May 22, 2017 Weather » Brooklyn 67°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,164.50 +25.79 (+0.42%) S&P 500 2,404.99 +6.57 (+0.27%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.8938 GBP 0.7727 ILS 3.5881 CHF 0.9762 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
I’ll Tell You What…Bear Alert! CLOSE Home FOX News Talk Shows John Gibson Kilmeade and Friends Tom Sullivan Podcasts Premium Podcast Account Access FOX News Talk Radio Premium Podcasts Kilmeade and Friends Show John Gibson Show Tom Sullivan Show FOX News Channel Premium Podcasts MEGAcast All-In-One Podcast QUADcast 4-In-One Podcast FOX & Friends Outnumbered Shepard Smith Reporting Your World with Neil Cavuto The Five Special Report with Bret Baier The O’Reilly Factor Tucker Carlson Tonight Hannity Red Eye #mediabuzz FOX Business Network Premium Podcasts Cavuto Stossel Lou Dobbs Tonight Kennedy Free Podcasts Free FOX News Talk Podcasts Free FOX News Radio Podcasts Station Finder Apps & More Home FOX News Talk Shows All John Gibson Kilmeade and Friends Tom Sullivan Manchester Bombing Fallout: Security Expert Offers Advice On How To Stay Safe At A Concert This Summer Presidential Historian Jane Hampton Cook: President Trump is Having One Of The Most Successful International Trips In A Long Time Former CIA Director James Woolsey on Manchester Attack: You Have To Fight Them, Being Nice Won’t Work! Karl Rove: President Trump Should Not Raise Expectations Of A Peace Deal Between The Israelis & Palestinians Podcasts Premium Podcast Account Access FOX News Talk Radio Premium Podcasts Kilmeade and Friends Show John Gibson Show Tom Sullivan Show FOX News Channel Premium Podcasts MEGAcast All-In-One Podcast QUADcast 4-In-One Podcast FOX & Friends Outnumbered Shepard Smith Reporting Your World with Neil Cavuto The Five Special Report with Bret Baier The O’Reilly Factor Tucker Carlson Tonight Hannity Red Eye #mediabuzz FOX Business Network Premium Podcasts Cavuto Stossel Lou Dobbs Tonight Kennedy Free Podcasts Free FOX News Talk Podcasts Free FOX News Radio Podcasts Station Finder Apps & More Home News Google’s Keeping Tabs of Your Purchases May 24, 2017 (AP Photo/Matt Rourke) Audio clip: Listen to audio clip. Think Google only has their eyes on you when you’re online? Think again… FOX’s Tom Rigatti explains: Google is keeping track of what you’re buying offline, in addition to monitoring your online shopping in its latest attempt to sell more digital advertising. The offline tracking of most credit and debit card transactions will help Google to automatically inform merchants when their digital ads translate into sales at a brick-and-mortar store. Google believes the data will show a cause-and-effect relationship between online ads and offline sales. If it works, it could help persuade businesses to increase their digital marketing budgets. Google’s online ad network generated $79 billion in revenue last year. The leader in the industry. Tom Rigatti, FOX News. Thomas Byrne You May Be Interested In... Concealed Carry Permits are on the Rise May 24, 2017 CBO: GOP Health Care Bill Will Lower Premiums, Leave 23 Million More Uninsured by 2026 May 24, 2017 Over 25,000 Graco Car Seats Recalled May 24, 2017 The Finale of ‘Shots Fired’ May 24, 2017 “Shame” May 24, 2017 Google’s Keeping Tabs of Your Purchases May 24, 2017 Over 25,000 Graco Car Seats Recalled May 24, 2017 © 2017 FOX News Radio New Privacy Policy New Terms of Use (What’s New) MORE STORIES “Buck Commander” w/ Adam, Grant & Jordan May 24, 2017
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Former Astros announcer takes shot at Houston fans Police: Girl searched porn for 'what her daddy does to her' Popular Tex-Mex joint expanding in Richmond Dead man, mom found together in gruesome way Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Six Houston men charged in international scheme to steal trade FBI raids home in Hedwig Village Bail tripled for Houston suspect accused in kidnapping, rape case Houston ISD could be on hook for another $60M in 'recapture fees' US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Teacher accused of having sex with 18-year-old student Woman in viral 'Fake Homeless' video arrested Gym revokes white nationalist Richard Spencer’s membership Ivanka Trump gets trolled for name tag not having a title Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Houston Baptist falls to Central Arkansas in Southland tourney Astros waste quality start from Charlie Morton in loss to Tigers Kansas has 4-run 8th, beats TCU in Big 12 tourney opener Memorial Day forecast bright for anglers Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Texas based law firms reporting lower revenues but higher rates Online recruitment service launches in Texas to help solve doctor López Mexican Restaurant to open 2nd location Sideout Volleybar brings sand volleyball to Near Northside Entertainment Restaurants & Bars Music TV Movies Preview Arts & Theater Horoscopes Books Things To Do Puzzles & Games Meghan Markle's real first name isn't Meghan and the internet Tidal wave of models almost upstages Nicole Kidman, Kirsten The most popular bars in Houston may not be what you think they ‘Game of Thrones’ releases its first full trailer for season Life Society Travel Style Food & Cooking Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Luxe Life Houston Gives Weddings Sponsored Content It’s beginning to look a lot like…the last day of school Stylish set at The Webster X Lane Crawford soiree Designer Rubin Singer featured at Passion for Fashion Hotwire: Summer travel guide for 2017 graduates Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate Home Price Survey Senior Living My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/entertainment/restaurants-bars/article/The-most-popular-bars-in-Houston-may-not-be-what-11170655.php The most popular bars in Houston may not be what you think they are By William Axford, Chron.com / Houston Chronicle Published 2:26 pm, Wednesday, May 24, 2017 Begin Slideshow 25 Photo: Kristi Nix Image 1of/25 Caption Close Image 1 of 25 Googled - Topgolf Golf and alcohol have always gone hand in hand, so it's no surprised Topgolf at 1030 Memorial Brook shows up at the top of Google searches in Houston. Microchipped golf balls track speed and accuracy as players try to hit targets in a field.  Honestly, other than going to a golf course in Houston, you probably won't find a bar similar to Topgolf.  less Googled - Topgolf Golf and alcohol have always gone hand in hand, so it's no surprised Topgolf at 1030 Memorial Brook shows up at the top of Google searches in Houston. Microchipped golf balls track speed and ... more Photo: Kristi Nix Image 2 of 25 Googled - Hopdoddy Who doesn't love a good burger? You're bound to have one at Hopdoddy Burger Bar, the Austin-based burgers/fries/local craft brew joint. The menu boasts burgers made from beef that is humanely raised and antibotic and hormone free.  While Hopdoddy does indeed serve good beer and burgers, it's certainly not the only spot worth stopping in H-Town. If you lke Hopdoddy, try... less Googled - Hopdoddy Who doesn't love a good burger? You're bound to have one at Hopdoddy Burger Bar, the Austin-based burgers/fries/local craft brew joint. The menu boasts burgers made from beef that is humanely ... more Photo: Gary Coronado, Staff Image 3 of 25 The Hubcap Grill  Big burgers, fries slathered in amazing sauces and just about every Houston beer you can think of. The Hubcap Grill is a Houston staple and definitely worth the drive to downtown, The Heights, Kemah, Galveston or Bush airport. The Chronicle's food critic called Hubcap's burgers some of the best in Texas.  less The Hubcap Grill  Big burgers, fries slathered in amazing sauces and just about every Houston beer you can think of. The Hubcap Grill is a Houston staple and definitely worth the drive to downtown, The Heights, ... more Photo: Dave Rossman, For The Chronicle Image 4 of 25 Googled - Dave and Buster's  Video games and alcohol are a potent mixture so it makes sense that Dave and Buster's is one of the most Googled bars in Houston.  But if you're looking for a bar with more local flavor try...  less Googled - Dave and Buster's  Video games and alcohol are a potent mixture so it makes sense that Dave and Buster's is one of the most Googled bars in Houston.  But if you're looking for a bar with more local ... more Photo: Elizabeth Conley, Houston Chronicle Image 5 of 25 Kung Fu Saloon  Remember those arcade alleys when you were a kid? That's kind of what Kung Fu Saloon on Washington is, only for adults. Drink, dance and play old-school games. Kung Fu Saloon  Remember those arcade alleys when you were a kid? That's kind of what Kung Fu Saloon on Washington is, only for adults. Drink, dance and play old-school games. Photo: Kung Fu Saloon Image 6 of 25  Googled - Karbach Brewing Co.  According to Google, Karbach is the most searched brewery in the city and for good reason. Hopadillo, Love Street and Weekend Warrior are all Houston proud beers that every visitor should drink. And with an expansion in the works, more good beer is sure to come.  Karbach isn't the only brewery beer enthusiasts should hit up in Houston, though. If you Googled Karbach, try searching for...  less  Googled - Karbach Brewing Co.  According to Google, Karbach is the most searched brewery in the city and for good reason. Hopadillo, Love Street and Weekend Warrior are all Houston proud beers that every ... more Photo: Jon Shapley, Staff Image 7 of 25 Saint Arnold Brewing Co. The patron saint of hop-pickers and brewers is the inspiration for Houston's oldest craft brewing company and for good reason. The 200 Lyons brewery is a converted warehouse that serves tasty beers and foods with a killer view of downtown. If you've already been to Saint Arnold's here are a dozen other breweries to visit in Houston.   less Saint Arnold Brewing Co. The patron saint of hop-pickers and brewers is the inspiration for Houston's oldest craft brewing company and for good reason. The 200 Lyons brewery is a converted warehouse that serves ... more Photo: J. Patric Schneider, Freelance Image 8 of 25 Googled - Main Event Entertainment  Bowling, video games, pool, mini golf and rock climbing all in one place. If you want to visit Main Event Entertainment, you'll have to venture outside of the city to do so. Still, it's worth the drive, with a day's worth of activities all in one place.  less Googled - Main Event Entertainment  Bowling, video games, pool, mini golf and rock climbing all in one place. If you want to visit Main Event Entertainment, you'll have to venture outside of the city to do so. ... more Image 9 of 25 Lucky Strike The 1201 San Jacinto bowling alleys boasts 14 lanes, big screens, dart boards and shuffle boards. Lucky Strike is similar to Top Golf, mixing sports with nightlife.  Lucky Strike The 1201 San Jacinto bowling alleys boasts 14 lanes, big screens, dart boards and shuffle boards. Lucky Strike is similar to Top Golf, mixing sports with nightlife.  Image 10 of 25 Googled - Drink Houston  The 7620 Katy Freeway bar features music and dancing and has a pretty strict dress code. If you're looking for a place to party that isn't so hung up about dress codes try...  Googled - Drink Houston  The 7620 Katy Freeway bar features music and dancing and has a pretty strict dress code. If you're looking for a place to party that isn't so hung up about dress codes try...  Photo: Tre' Ridings, Freelance Image 11 of 25 Numbers You're more likely to get costumes rather than dress clothes at Numbers but that's part of the charm. The Montrose nightclub attracts the eclectic, playing punk, goth-rock and other songs you probably won't hear in most clubs.  less Numbers You're more likely to get costumes rather than dress clothes at Numbers but that's part of the charm. The Montrose nightclub attracts the eclectic, playing punk, goth-rock and other songs you probably ... more Photo: Numbers Nightclub Image 12 of 25 Googled - Conservatory Bar The downtown subterranean food hall and beer garden at 1010 Prairie continues to draw different vendors and lots of online interest.  If you're a fan of underground bars, you should stop by...  less Googled - Conservatory Bar The downtown subterranean food hall and beer garden at 1010 Prairie continues to draw different vendors and lots of online interest.  If you're a fan of underground bars, you should ... more Photo: Gary Coronado, Staff Image 13 of 25 Valhalla The underground bar at Rice University has a long-standing tradition against neckties and won't serve people who wear one.  Valhalla The underground bar at Rice University has a long-standing tradition against neckties and won't serve people who wear one.  Photo: Marc Brubaker Image 14 of 25 Googled - 5th Amendment It's strange that 5th Amendment is still being Googled considering it's closed. If you're looking for a spot to dance and drink at downtown, try.. Googled - 5th Amendment It's strange that 5th Amendment is still being Googled considering it's closed. If you're looking for a spot to dance and drink at downtown, try.. Photo: Metro Video Image 15 of 25 Spire The former downtown church has been changed into a nightclub that's already hosted some amazing guests, thanks to the Playboy Super Bowl party.  Spire The former downtown church has been changed into a nightclub that's already hosted some amazing guests, thanks to the Playboy Super Bowl party.  Photo: Mike Victorick Image 16 of 25 Googled - Champps Yet another Houston spot that is closed down.  If it's a sports bar you're looking for, try...  Googled - Champps Yet another Houston spot that is closed down.  If it's a sports bar you're looking for, try...  Photo: Craig Hartley, For The Chronicle Image 17 of 25 Little Woodrow's Sports bars are cool but you know what's cooler? Sports bars that have turtle races. Little Woodrow's has the races on Thursday's, making it a sports bar checking out at least once.  Little Woodrow's Sports bars are cool but you know what's cooler? Sports bars that have turtle races. Little Woodrow's has the races on Thursday's, making it a sports bar checking out at least once.  Photo: Marie D. De Jesus, Staff Image 18 of 25 Googled: Life Houston  Another Midtown club that attracts celebrities, Life Houston is a dancing venue with DJs.  We'd recommend other night clubs where you can tear up the dance floor but they're some of the most Googled Houston bars too.  less Googled: Life Houston  Another Midtown club that attracts celebrities, Life Houston is a dancing venue with DJs.  We'd recommend other night clubs where you can tear up the dance floor but they're some of the ... more Photo: Life Houston Night Club Image 19 of 25 Googled: Clé Midtown hosts an array of night clubs that party on until the wee hours of the morning. It was the spot to be seen after the Super Bowl.  Googled: Clé Midtown hosts an array of night clubs that party on until the wee hours of the morning. It was the spot to be seen after the Super Bowl.  Photo: Elizabeth Conley, Houston Chronicle Image 20 of 25 Googled: Rumba Club The Rumba Club is Latin themed night club in south east Houston, past Hobby Airport.  Googled: Rumba Club The Rumba Club is Latin themed night club in south east Houston, past Hobby Airport.  Photo: Bill Olive, For The Chronicle Image 21 of 25 Googled: Wooster's Garden If it's good cocktails you're looking for, Wooster's Garden in Midtown is the spot for you. Oh, and the food's pretty good too.  Googled: Wooster's Garden If it's good cocktails you're looking for, Wooster's Garden in Midtown is the spot for you. Oh, and the food's pretty good too.  Photo: Jamaal Ellis For The Houston Chronicle Image 22 of 25 Googled: Rich's Houston  The 2401 San Jacinto gay bar features dancing, karaoke and dancing.  Googled: Rich's Houston  The 2401 San Jacinto gay bar features dancing, karaoke and dancing.  Photo: Bill Olive, For The Chronicle Image 23 of 25 Googled: South Beach The 810 Pacific dance club boasts that it has, "The largest and voted #1 year after year amateur drag show."  Googled: South Beach The 810 Pacific dance club boasts that it has, "The largest and voted #1 year after year amateur drag show."  Photo: Dave Rossman, For The Chronicle Image 24 of 25 Googled: Wild West What self respect town in Texas wouldn't have a dance floor for boots and two-steppin'? Wild West is just that, billing itself as a true country nightclub.  Googled: Wild West What self respect town in Texas wouldn't have a dance floor for boots and two-steppin'? Wild West is just that, billing itself as a true country nightclub.  Photo: Jon Shapley, Staff Image 25 of 25 The most popular bars in Houston may not be what you think they are 1 / 25 Back to Gallery When it comes to the most popular bars in Houston, you may be in for a shock.  Google released the list of the most searched bars in H-Town. There's a good chance that your favorite watering hole isn't sought after by the online crowd (cough cough Alabama Ice house), but Google's list nonetheless reveals bars people are searching for. A NIGHT OUT: Houston's guide to downtown nightlife  Some of the Googled bars are no longer around (5th Amendment, Champps), which may explain why so many people are searching for them. We've augmented the list of Googled bars with some choices of our own and made suggestions on where to go in the case of closed bars.  Click through the slideshow above to see which bars in Houston have been Googled the most, along with some of  Chron.com's recommendations for bars.  Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Former Astros announcer takes shot at Houston fans Police: Girl searched porn for 'what her daddy does to her' Popular Tex-Mex joint expanding in Richmond Dead man, mom found together in gruesome way The Lead Texas part of recall of possibly contaminated food Counselors available after Texas principal's suicide Human remains identified as Splendora man Something expected came up for UH law graduate GOP candidate allegedly 'body-slams' reporter UK police find key evidence at bombing scene Truck plows into company AnalTech, releasing foul odor Video catches fourth-grade teacher trading candy for kisses 'Joker' lookalike busted for pointing loaded gun at drivers See 'Alien' creatures from right here on Earth Models almost upstage Nicole Kidman on red carpet U2 finds renewed fire, stokes Houston fans MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS Ex-HISD officer gets probation in student fondling Baylor Med wins $2 million in suit settlement Police investigate apparent carjacking 6 Houston men charged in trade secrets case Guess which Houston bars are the most popular Houston-area bars where you can still smoke inside 5 Houston bars, restaurants to check out now Rookie sensation? Setting the bar for Texans' new QB Texans new QB gets hazed at JJ Watt's charity game New Texans QB stars in Beats by Dre commercial Disturbing things found in Houston-area water 25 ways Houstonians are polluting Galveston Bay Amazing EPA photos show Texas life in the 1970s Entertainment News Meghan Markle's real first name isn't Meghan and the internet... Tidal wave of models almost upstages Nicole Kidman, Kirsten... The most popular bars in Houston may not be what you think... ‘Game of Thrones’ releases its first full trailer for... Jason Aldean and Brittany Kerr reveal their baby’s gender Author discusses the death penalty case that became personal Most Read 1 Affidavit: Girl caught searching porn at school was looking... 2 Affidavit: Girl caught searching porn at school was looking... 3 Truck plows into company AnalTech, releasing foul odor 4 Human remains identified as Splendora man 5 U2 finds renewed fire playing songs that defined the group 6 Counselors available to Kirbyville community after principal's... 7 Former Astros announcer Dave Raymond takes shot at Houston fans 8 Vintage pictures show Houston as it was in 1977 9 Teacher accused of having sex with 18-year-old student 10 Former HISD officer admits to fondling middle school student View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Myce.com Home News Reviews Forum About Contact Home News Reviews Forum About Contact 0 0 Go Lexar Tough 128GB Jumpdrive review Seagate Barracuda 2TB hard drive review Micron 5100 ECO 1920GB SATA Enterprise SSD Review Ballistix sport LT 2666MHZ DDR4 RAM review Toshiba X300 6TB High Performance HDD Review Micron 5100 MAX 960GB SATA Enterprise SSD Review Corsair Force MP500 NVMe SSD review Samsung 960 EVO 250GB M.2 NVMe SSD Review Lexar C20c 64GB flash drive review – The three in one solution Crucial MX300 2TB SSD Review ADATA Ultimate SU800 256GB SSD review HyperX Predator 480GB PCIe SSD Home News Google has started to track sales in brick and mortar stores from online ads Posted 24 May 2017 19:56 CEST by Jan Willem Aldershoff Google has developed a new tool which can be used to measure the number of sales in physical stores after people have clicked online advertisements. The gathered information is shared with advertisers. The new tool is called ‘Store Sales Measurement’. The measurements are performed by matching clicks on online advertisements of people who are logged into Google, with the collective purchases of those users on credit and debit cards. The company also uses another method which matches the email addresses of users who clicked on online ads with the email addresses collected by stores for loyalty programs. The first method requires no extra work for the store, the latter requires sharing data with Google. Users shouldn’t worry about their privacy, the search engine stresses that it won’t be able to see which specific items have been purchased, as Sridhar Ramaswamy, Google’s Senior Vice President of Ads and Commerce explains, “both solutions match transactions back to Google ads in a secure and privacy-safe way and only report on aggregated and anonymized store sales to protect your customer data.” Because Google especially mentions it is only able to use the measurements on 70% of the U.S. credit card purchases, it’s likely the store sales measurement tool is currently only available to stores in the United States. It’s unknown which stores currently use the technology. Related Forum: Related Tags: google privacy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. You've got to read this! Parents asked to destroy smart doll that can be used to eavesdrop on children Fri 17 Feb 05:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff The German regulatory office for telecommunications has asked parents to destroy the ... Micron 5100 MAX 960GB SATA Enterprise SSD Review Tue 21 Feb 02:02 by JReynolds &nbsp; &nbsp; Review: Micron 5100 MAX Reviewed ... Microsoft silently extends support of original Windows 10 with 2 months Thu 16 Feb 05:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff Microsoft has decided to extend support of the original version of Windows 10 with 2 month... Google and Bing voluntarily reduce visibility of copyright infringing websites in the United Kingdom Mon 20 Feb 06:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff Google and Microsoft's Bing will voluntarily reduce the visibility of copyright infringing... European privacy watchdogs concerned about Windows 10's data collection methods Tue 21 Feb 07:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff A group of European privacy watchdogs is going to investigate whether Windows 10 properly ... Latest Comments Quote: Originally Posted by... Now, apart from very resourceful actors in the scene of surveillance and... Quote: Originally Posted by... Your Smart Phone gives out more then Windows could ever possible do. Hope this SSD will not be too bad for a Samsung computer. I will check it... Hello, thanks for your nice SSD review and recently, I do have purchased a... Censorship and copy-wrong.... “reflect our commitment to the protection of user... Myce.com settings Several settings at Myce.com can be changed, they are stored in cookies, which means they will be reset if you clear Myce.com cookies Background Change the background to a plain color or trianglified image (similar to the default image) None / Default White Black Grey Artic Blue Indian Summer Gorgeous Green Salmon On Fire Purple Rain Grey Pink Baby No tracking features At Myce most social media feature are done server side and impose no privacy risk to the visitor when not used. Several features use Javascript with you can turn off here Remove Facebook / Google Plus tracking Remove advertisements Layout Switch to the List layout for an index with chronologycally listed news items or Grid layout for a block based layout. To see the change you need to reload the page Grid(default) List Submit Back to default × Content News Reviews Forum Hardware Forums SSD and HDD Blu-ray Burners General Hardware Blank Media Memory Cards Software Forums Video Edit Burning Software Movie Copy Windows 10 Android Legal Privacy policy Terms Cookie policy About About Brand & Award guidelines Advertising Contact Powered by Philaeum Hosted by GetFlyWheel Follow us
Sign in Home News News Education Nigeria Africa World Analysis Interviews Editorial Abuja Times China In Nigeria Art Tourism Politics Entertainment Entertainment Celebrities Life & Times Fashion Relationship Life & Style Music Society Business Business Money Market Capital Market Energy Labour Insurance Aviation Brands and Marketing Economy Maritime Agriculture Sport Hard Tackle Federation Watch Stars of Yesteryears Nigeria Players Abroad Sports Interviews Features Features Metro Crime Opinion Columnist Tech Health Food & Nutrition Wellbeing DTNOW E-paper Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Sign in / Join About DailyTimes Advertise With Us Contact Times Heroes Award Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Daily Times Nigeria Home News News Education Nigeria Africa World Analysis Interviews Editorial Abuja Times China In Nigeria Art Tourism Politics Entertainment Entertainment Celebrities Life & Times Fashion Relationship Life & Style Music Society Business Business Money Market Capital Market Energy Labour Insurance Aviation Brands and Marketing Economy Maritime Agriculture Sport Hard Tackle Federation Watch Stars of Yesteryears Nigeria Players Abroad Sports Interviews Features Features Metro Crime Opinion Columnist Tech Health Food & Nutrition Wellbeing DTNOW E-paper Home Opinion What happened to transparency? Opinion What happened to transparency? By Simon Kolawolelive - May 24, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter LAGOS, Nigeria, May 24, 2017/ — At the annual Nigerian jamboree to the Offshore Technology Conference (OTC) in Houston, Texas, Dr. Ibe Kachikwu, the minister of state for petroleum resources, told a “world press conference” on May 5, 2017 that Nigeria’s refineries would soon have new investors. He said 26 investors had indicated interest in the epileptic refineries. “By September, we will unveil the investors for the refineries,” the minister said smoothly, typically. “When we came onboard, the refineries were not working but as we speak, we have sizeable investment portfolio for them to an extent that we don’t know who to partner with for the investment.” Let’s say I didn’t go to school at all. Or let’s say it was evening school that I attended. These would still be my takeaways from the minister’s proclamations: one, our refineries are now in a position to attract investment; two, 26 investors have indicated interest in taking over the refineries (on a repair, operate and maintain, ROM, agreement); three, we have not taken a decision yet because there are so many suitors to choose from; and four, we will announce the favoured investors by September. Without attending Harvard Business School, I would still conclude that it appeared the process was going to be competitive and transparent. On May 11, 2017 (six days later, right?) Mr. Wale Tinubu, the CEO of Oando Plc, told the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) that the group had received approval of the government to “repair, operate and maintain” the Port Harcourt Refinery together with “our partner” Agip, a subsidiary of ENI, the Italian company indicted in the Malabu/OPL 245 affair. Tinubu said: “We plan to increase the refinery capacity from 30 per cent to 100 per cent.” Great news, as far I am concerned. We need the refineries back as soon as possible; we have had enough of the endless TAMs gulping billions of naira and spewing out virtually no products for decades. Now this is where I need your help. The last time I checked, with the help of Google, May and September are different months. There are June, July and August in-between. With the help of Google, I also discovered that the gap between when Kachikwu spoke in Houston and when Tinubu spoke in Lagos was a whopping six days — or, to make it simpler, less than one week. There are usually four weeks in a month, and from May 5, when Kachikwu spoke, to September, there are 17 weeks, according to the all-knowing Google. With Tinubu’s disclosure, should we assume that May is the new September? Or that September came early for Oando, Agip and Kachikwu? But I think Google is overrated. There were so many questions it could not answer. For instance, I asked: “Is Oando among the 26 investors Kachikwu boasted about in Houston?” I could not make head or tail of the results. Google came up with “FOX 26 Houston KRIV”. Nonsense. But I got more gibberish for other questions: did Oando and ENI send in a bid? Was it an unsolicited bid? Was it selective tendering? If it was competitive bidding, how many bids were received for Port Harcourt? How much did Oando/ENI bid? How much did others bid? How much did the bidders promise to invest? How many years will the ROM run? Are there concessions for the new operators? I can understand why Google got stuck — that almighty search machine likes transparency. If you do not make your information public, it cannot make it public for you. The best, or should I say the worst, Google would do is to suggest answers that it thinks are related to your questions, even when there is no connection whatsoever. If you google most of the major concessions and major contracts awarded by this government, you will get irrelevant answers on the process. For the same reason: transparency is very scarce in these major deals. We just wake up one day and hear that one company has been awarded a job. Not a word on the process. Don’t get me wrong: I’m not saying Oando should not take over the Port Harcourt Refinery. I have devoted a significant part of my column-writing career to promoting the cause of Nigerian companies. I believe that one day, made-in-Nigeria will be enjoyed all over the world. I want Nigerian companies to fly our flag honourably. Even though I have been called names and subjected to sickening innuendos for promoting Dangote, Globacom, Oando and Innosons, among others, I am not about to repent. Americans are proud of their Apple, Microsoft and Chevron, and my dream is that our people and our companies will become global brands too. That said, though, I am very worried about an emerging pattern in this administration. President Muhammadu Buhari campaigned on the strength of correcting the mistakes and misdeeds of the previous government, but I am seeing too much repetition for it to be coincidental. There is too much secrecy in the way many important things are done, and corruption, need we say, thrives on secrecy. Take away competition, take away transparency, take away accountability, and you have a perfect recipe for corruption. We cannot be sealing deals under the table without revealing the details to Nigerians and then claim we are building an open society. We just woke up one day to learn that GE had secured the concession to take over the railways. How did it happen? What are the details of the deal? Is this the best possible deal Nigeria can get? We were just watching TV one evening and learnt that the federal government had finally signed a renegotiated concession agreement with the Global Steel Holding Limited (GSHL) for Ajaokuta Steel. Up till today, we don’t know the details. Ask questions and what you get as answer is: who paid you to ask? As a journalist, I’m used to the blackmail. I would have quit this job the day I joined if I had to pay attention to personal attacks. By the way, I know a bit about the procurement options. I know of “sole sourcing”, where you go to one provider only because no other provider does it — like buying a Rolls Royce from the maker. “Selective tendering” allows you to approach a few providers who meet certain criteria. There is “repeat procurement”, where you return to earlier provider because of time constraints and because they did a previous job well. All these need strong justifications because you are restricting competition, which is a major element of procurement. And then there is “competitive bidding”, where you throw it open to all. In all, Nigerians deserve to know the process adopted. Get me right. I am not saying anything illegal is being done in the case of the Port Harcourt Refinery. It just lacks transparency. That’s my point. And what about other moral issues? ENI again? As I write this, many Nigerians are being prosecuted or wanted by the EFCC for their involvement in the OPL 245 deal. They are being accused of taking part in an elaborate bribery scheme. But ENI, which is at the centre of it all and is being prosecuted by an Italian prosecutor for its role in the $1.3 billion affair, is cornering more deals in Nigeria without getting as much as a slap on the wrist. The impression being created is that our anti-graft war is very narrow. I sympathise with the government over the limitations imposed by procurement rules, particularly the constraint of speed, but the process was designed for a purpose. More so, this government has been in power for nearly two years, which means a lot could still have been accomplished over the years in spite of the constraints. And, remember, there are many options that can shorten the process which the government has been using for a while now. The biggest headache, though, is that there is too much opaqueness for us to conclude that transparency is a guiding principle. The chaos over the concessioning of Port Harcourt Refinery is a very good example. Dissonance. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleBuhari’s govt has fallen below expectation –Fasehun Next articleNiger Delta traditional rulers slam NLNG for failure to pay statutory 3% of its annual budget to NDDC Simon Kolawolelive RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Opinion BPE Oblivious of Agip/Oando Planned Concession of Port Harcourt Refinery Opinion CDS Olonishakin and Nigeria’s Rising Military Profile In Africa Opinion The spirit of Ambode: Essential need for a mega- city management Opinion Transparency Intnl’s Distorted Verdict On Nigeria Opinion Abolish States, Adopt 6 Geo-political Zones As Federating Units – Atiku Opinion The benefits of digitisation Leave a Reply Cancel reply Latest News Dasuki, El-Zakzaky: Falana, HURIWA blast Presidency May 25, 2017 Assets Declaration: ex-Naval Chief, Jibrin to face CCB soon May 25, 2017 No coup plot against Buhari – Military May 25, 2017 Implement National confab recommendations, Jonathan urges FG May 25, 2017 Nigeria gets $908.3m capital importation in Q1 – Report May 25, 2017 Please forward all your opinion stories to opinion@dailytimes.ng Tags 2015 Election 2015 Elections Abuja All Progressives Congress All Progressives Congress (APC) Ambode APC Boko Haram Buhari CBN Court EFCC Election Elections Fayose FG football General Muhammadu Buhari Goodluck Jonathan Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) INEC Jega Jonathan Lagos Military Newspaper Nigeria NNPC nollywood NSE PDP Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Police politics President President Elect President Goodluck Jonathan Rivers state Senate South Africa Sports ticker UN US Wike Nigeria's oldest newspaper, providing breaking news on politics, sports, business, entertainment, arts and lifestyle. POPULAR POSTS Donald Trump to arrest Mugabe and 6 other African leaders within... January 23, 2017 Trump Orders Removal Of Islamic Symbols, Practices In The White House January 24, 2017 Graphic photos from the University of Maiduguri mosque bomb blast January 16, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY News15071 Headlines5762 Sport3860 Politics2858 Business2736 Entertainment2483 Celebrities1400 Opinion1116 World971 About DailyTimes Advertise With Us Terms of use Privacy Policy Contact © 1926 - 2016 Daily Times of Nigeria Pin It on Pinterest Share This Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn StumbleUpon %d bloggers like this:
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Bots in SERPs Bing launches bots for local businesses (restaurants only) Trending story Study: Yelp drives higher conversions than Google and Facebook Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google is testing 11 variations of black links in search results Google frequently makes changes to its search results pages in order to improve the user experience. Contributor Sergey Alakov has collected examples of what appears to be Google's latest test: replacing blue links with black ones in the user interface. Sergey Alakov on May 23, 2017 at 12:13 pm More Google appears to be testing a new look for its search results pages that would change the color of links from the traditional blue to black. First reports of the black SERP tests started to appear at the end of April, and Google already ran a similar test almost exactly one year ago. This time around, however, webmasters have noticed several different variations of the test, and we decided to try to find as many of them as we could. We’ve found 11 variations thus far, and we are pretty confident there are more. 1. Large black URLs These results feature the listing URL above the page title. 2. Small black URLs This display is similar to the one above, but the URL text is noticeably smaller. 3. Thin blue bars This display features a blue bar to the left of the search listing’s page title. 4. Thick blue bars Similar to the display above, this version features a thicker blue bar to the left of the page title in search results. 5. Black horizontal dots To the right of the URL below, you can see three small dots, aligned horizontally. Presumably, you can click this for more options or information. 6. Black vertical dots  This display is similar to the one above, but the dots are aligned vertically. 7. Blue titles In the screen shot below, you can see that the page title link is displayed in the traditional blue color, while all other links (sitelinks and URL) are black. 8. Blue URLs In this version, the URL is displayed in the traditional blue color, while the rest of the links (page title and sitelinks) appear black. 9. Colored dots The display below features four colored dots to the right of the URL. The dots appear to be the same colors featured in Google’s logo. 10. Dashed blue underline This display shows the listing’s page title underlined with a blue dashed line. (h/t Aaron Dicks) 11. Globe icons This test shows a blue globe icon in search results, above the page title and next to site breadcrumbs. (h/t Kenichi Suzuki) What are you seeing? Google itself claims to have run 9,800 live traffic experiments last year, and it seems they’re continuing that tradition this year in testing black URLs in search results. So far, we’ve identified at least 11 different variations of one test — and there may be more out there. Have you seen any versions we missed? If so, let us know on social media! Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Sergey Alakov Sergey Alakov is a Toronto-based digital marketing & SEO consultant. Sergey currently works as an SEO manager for Catalyst Canada, an enterprise-level search marketing agency. Popular Stories Google confirms it’s rolling out new reviews format for hotels New study on featured snippets within Google reveals growth & optimization techniques Spotted: AdWords reporting dashboards that can be scheduled & shared Google is extending in-market audience targeting to Search campaigns Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOGoogleGoogle: User InterfaceGoogle: Web Search Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers Lead Nurturing: Guide for Modern Marketers Digital Asset Management for Dummies See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Corporate News Money & Markets Economy & Politics Opinion & Analysis Life & Style Magazines Menu advertisement By JAMES KARIUKI More by this Author Summary DMS seeks to replace informal wholesale markets for millions of small and medium sized food and fast moving consumer goods (FMCG). Nigeria had three startups; Delivery Science, Gidi Mobile Limited and Paystack selected, while South Africa has two; Flatterwave and Jumo. To qualify for the selection tech startups must have a product targeting their local markets with proven market fit. advertisement advertisement Corporate News Google selects Kenyan tech firm for mentorship Wednesday, May 24, 2017 20:42 By JAMES KARIUKI Google logo at the Google headquarters in Mountain View. PHOTO | AFP   Kenya’s Database Management System (DMS) is among six Sub-Saharan Africa IT startups selected for mentorship at Google’s Launchpad Accelerator programme. DMS seeks to replace informal wholesale markets for millions of small and medium sized food and fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) retailers in Africa’s urban markets by providing them with a sourcing and distribution tech-enabled platform. Google’s SSA developer relations programme manager John Kimani said homegrown mobile web products were the way to go since Kenyans were best placed to address their own challenges by formulating the right mobile apps that they are willing to pay a small fee to use in solving problems. “Africa’s ICT infrastructure is on the rise and it is encouraging to see Kenyan youth taking up such an opportunity that will expose them to a like-minded elite community of startups around the world,” said Mr Kimani. Nigeria had three startups; Delivery Science, Gidi Mobile Limited and Paystack selected, while South Africa has two; Flatterwave and Jumo. The statement said makers of the selected startups will receive a two-week all-expenses paid trip to kick-off training at the new Google Developers Launchpad Space in San Francisco, USA. Google said it will provide the startups with accomplished mentors to prepare products for the market as well as nurture the owners’ skills on upscaling products. Also Read Corporate NewsNgunze releases last KQ results at helm Corporate NewsFamily businesses eye cross-border markets in 5 years Corporate NewsEgypt-based contractor set for Kenya entry in Dec “The startups also get access to free credits for Google products and marketing (spotlight) opportunities as well as equity-free funding during the course of the six-month programme,” said Mr Kimani. To qualify for the selection tech startups must have a product targeting their local markets with proven market fit. The selection process considers the problem the startup is trying to solve, how it creates commercial value and at the same time addresses a real challenge in the startup’s home country. Launchpad Accelerator, which was launched in 2015, seeks to promote mobile apps development in specific countries where platforms are used to solve known problems with users willing to pay a small fee to access the solution. advertisement In the Headlines Kenya Airways announces Sh10bn net loss By MUGAMBI MUTEGI  Ethiopia opens Sh371bn gap on Kenya’s economy By NEVILLE OTUKI  App tracks all your mobile money use By DOREEN WAINAINAH  11  hours ago Real-time shopper, consumer insights for ready business By MBUGUA NJIHIA  11  hours ago Corporate News Money & Markets Economy & Politics Opinion & Analysis Life & Style Magazines Daily Nation Daily Monitor Mwananchi Digital Editions Nation Media Group About us Contact us Help Privacy Policy Terms
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Crossing the floor How to make your Android phone and iPad play nice By Mike Tanasychuk Wednesday, May 24, 2017 at 3:00 pm EDT 8 Comments How can I use my Android phone with my iPad? If you're a "daywalker" and use both Android and iOS, you probably wish your Android phone and iPad could play as nicely as an iPhone and iPad. Well, they can't. And here's what Apple thinks whenever you wish for it in your heart: They might work together one day, but for now, Apple has its ecosystem on lockdown, and only Apple products can talk to other Apple products. That being said, there are still a few ways you can at least keep your data in sync between Android and iPad. Google apps Dropbox OneDrive Google apps All you need is a Google account (Gmail) and you immediately get free access to Google's apps: Docs, Sheets, Keep, Photos, Drive, Calendar, and more. Google Drive is where you can upload all of your data — files, photos, music — whatever you want. You get 15GB of free storage, as well as unlimited photo storage (well, it's a petabyte, but I defy you to fill up 1,000TB). You'll already need to use a Google account with your Android phone anyway, and most Android phones come with all the Google apps pre-installed, so Google is definitely your best option for keeping your data synced between your Android phone and iPad. Learn more Dropbox When you think of cloud storage, one of the first names that pops up is probably Dropbox. Dropbox lets you create folders and share them with friends and family. It's a secure place to store your photos, files, music, and other data. You get 2GB of free storage space, and after that it's $99 per year or $9.99 a month for 1TB of storage (Dropbox Plus). Learn more OneDrive Do you have an Android phone, an iPad, and a PC? Then OneDrive might be best for you, since you'll be able to keep your data synced across all of your devices. OneDrive is Microsoft's cloud storage service, which gives you 5GB of free storage. If you have Microsoft Office, you can collaborate on documents in Word, Excel, and Powerpoint, much like iCloud and the iWork apps. If you need more storage, it's $1.99/month for 50GB, or you can jump to Premium, which is $69.99 a year and includes the Office suite and 1TB of storage. If you walk in all worlds when it comes to your tech, then OneDrive may be your best option for making everything play together nicely. Learn more Any other tips? How do you make your Android phone and iPad play nicely? Is that even important to you? Sound off in the comments below. Reader comments How to make your Android phone and iPad play nice 8 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating djorourke MySMS to sync text messages! 0 8 hours ago Reply m4mario Here's the right way to do this. Step 1) Sell your Android phone. I know the resale value on those are not great, but the longer you wait, the worse it gets. Think on the positive side, your next phone will have great resale value. Step 2) Buy an iPhone. Step 3) There is no step 3. You phone and tablet will play along very well. 0 8 hours ago Reply jeddo45 I find that Android users are more likely to have the Android phone + iPad combination if they need a phone and tablet. The Android phone because the lack of restrictions versus an iPhone, but an iPad because the quality of apps are better than any Android counterpart. So this is a very valid point the article makes, and one that Android users appreciate. Posted via the iMore App for Android 0 7 hours ago Reply DragonPoo Your comment makes me laugh, because there's a lot of truth to it. As much as I like Windows (and tolerate Android), Apple is tops at getting users fully integrated into their ecosystem. 0 6 hours ago Reply DragonPoo Mike, I'm confused about the G Suite option you mention. There's the free account (with 15GB of storage) but to my knowledge, this does not include the free G Suite or 1PB of photo storage. Can you clarify? 0 6 hours ago Reply Mike Tanasychuk I had incorrectly referred to Google's free apps as G Suite. While G Suite does encompass those apps, it is another service available to business and school, and it does cost money. That being said, when you sign up for a Google account, you automatically get 15GB of free storage with Google Drive, and you get "unlimited" (1PB) photo storage with Photos, so long as those photos are 16MP or less (storage is less otherwise). 0 6 hours ago Reply n8ter#AC In this situation, I'd simply replace the iPad with a Windows or Google Play Tablet. 0 1 hour ago Reply wshwe I have a Samsung Galaxy S7 and LTE iPad Air 2. I find this combination to work well. I think Google services are better than Apple's. 0 0 sec ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Phone v10 enables post-call messages for failed calls, prepares for enhanced incoming calls on RCS and voicemail backup [APK Teardown + Download] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/05/23 1:19pm PDTMay 23, 2017 54 Plus 1 on G+ 108 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares216 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 What's New 1.1 Post-call messages 2 Teardown 2.1 RCS Calling 2.2 Voicemail Backup 3 Download With the dust settling after the deluge caused by I/O 2017, it's time to take a closer look at some of the many other things that came with out last week. Some interesting changes came with a brand new version of the Google Phone app included with Android O Developer Preview 2. There's a new prompt suggesting users send a message after a call fails to connect. A deep dive into the apk also turned up signs that Google is working on new RCS calling features and preparing some kind of backup option for voicemail. What's New Unofficial Changelog: (the stuff we found) Post-call messaging Post-call messages Earlier this month, a teardown of of v9 provided a good hint that the Phone app would begin showing suggestions for messages to send after completing a call. With v10, that feature is now live, but not quite as functional as previously expected. Left: snackbar prompt. Right: new message screen. The post-call messaging feature appears as a snackbar prompt asking why you called, to which you can send a message. The prompt only appears after attempting a call that fails without making a connection. To be specific, the prompt won't show up if you hang up, a voicemail service answers, or anything else occurs that would be considered a connection. Basically, if you hear a sound indicating the other end is ringing, any outcome from that point on is probably not going to trigger the prompt. You're most likely to see this prompt in an area where cellular reception isn't good enough to establish a voice call, but you can also force it to show up by trying to make a call while airplane mode is active. Otherwise, it's probably not going to turn up anywhere else. If you opt to send a message, you'll be taken to a screen with a message box and three pre-written messages with different levels of urgency. Tapping a message will put it into the textbox below, but you can continue to make edits before sending. The exact text of the prompt seems to be a mismatch for the current functionality, which left us wondering if this feature is also intended to work in other scenarios like when the call is redirected to voicemail or disconnects within a second of being picked up. Perhaps this is just the first step and other use cases will be handled in the future. In the meantime, this actually might be handy if you're in the middle of nowhere and staring at a single signal bar with no hope of making a call. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. RCS Calling It's no secret that Google is working to add fairly extensive RCS support to both its Phone app and Android Messages. Now it's just a matter of which features are going to be added and when we'll get to use some them. This update to the Phone app gives us a bit more insight into some new rich calling features that we'll soon have at our disposal. A stack of new notification strings reveal that Google's developers are currently working on supporting incoming calls with additional data. At this time, it's clear calls can include a location, photo, message, or any combination of those. One line also mentions "attachments," which may suggest other types of data are supported, but not necessarily known in advance. This would make sense for things like URLs or specially crafted data packets can be handed off between other apps. It's also worth noting that these strings are split up for regular and "important" calls, which lines up with the commonly known feature allowing callers to indicate a degree of urgency. code <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_attachments">Important incoming call with attachments</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_location">Important incoming call with location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_message">Important incoming call with message</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_message_location">Important incoming call with message and location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo">Important incoming call with photo</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_location">Important incoming call with photo and location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message">Important incoming call with photo and message</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message_location">Important incoming call with photo, message and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_attachments">Incoming call with attachments</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_location">Incoming call with location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_message">Incoming call with message</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_message_location">Incoming call with message and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo">Incoming call with photo</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_location">Incoming call with photo and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message">Incoming call with photo and message</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message_location">Incoming call with photo, message and location</string> It's not yet clear if attachments will be shown on the screen with incoming calls, but I think it's a pretty safe bet that they will be. After all, knowing there's a photo with the call isn't nearly as compelling as actually seeing it. This was part of the pitch for the Knock Knock feature when Google introduced the Duo app at last year's I/O keynote. The same certainly can be said about locations and messages, as well. So far, there doesn't appear to be an interface for callers to actually attach this type of data, so it's safe to say development is still ongoing. Seeing as most carriers are still stuck on very rudimentary implementations of RCS and intra-network compatibility is moving at a sloth-like pace, I'm sure Google will have this done long before any of us would get to use it. Voicemail Backup Are you the type of person that never deletes voicemails? This one might be for you. It seems that Google will begin asking users if they want to turn on "extra storage" when their voicemail inbox fills its capacity. This allows Google to "manage and backup your voicemail messages" to free up some space. code <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_almost_full_turn_archive_on_title">Turn on extra storage and backup</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_almost_full_turn_archive_on_message">Your mailbox is almost full. To free up space, turn on extra storage so Google can manage and backup your voicemail messages.</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_full_turn_archive_on_title">Turn on extra storage and backup</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_full_turn_archive_on_message">Your mailbox is full. To free up space, turn on extra storage so Google can manage and backup your voicemail messages.</string> <string name="voicemail_action_turn_archive_on">Turn on</string> <string name="voicemail_action_dimiss">No Thanks</string> At this point, I should say that there are a few different things this could be, and I'm at a loss for which one it is. For starters, this could be a new aspect for Project Fi subscribers and the included voicemail service. If so, it might mean Google intends to prompt people with a lot of saved voicemails to push the older ones into their Drive storage. It's a simple explanation, and might be an attempt to squeeze a few bucks out of people that never delete anything, but hardly seems necessary. Another possibility is that this only relates to the voicemails downloaded and stored on your phone, which means it's just a basic housekeeping feature to keep unnecessary audio files out of your local storage or expand the quota to allow for more. I tend to doubt this is the explanation because the text doesn't really line up with that purpose and it seems like the type of thing that should happen automatically, users shouldn't even need to be prompted. Finally, I'm going to take the opportunity to speculate about something a little crazy. Perhaps this is intended for the voicemail service provided by other carriers. If this is the case, I imagine the phone app might detect your voicemail is nearing capacity and offers to manage backups of it. If the user agrees, Google will connect to that provider's voicemail and proceed to back up all of the messages to Drive for the user, then delete them to free up space. Again, this is massively speculative and feels like a long shot... But it's also the type of weirdly cool feature Google occasionally comes up with. There's not much else to go on with this, but it's entirely possible this feature / warning / error message is already live. It may only show up for users connecting to a specific carrier or with special circumstances that aren't very predictable. I'm not really the right person to test it since I only have three voicemails saved, but perhaps readers with a larger backlog will have something to add to this. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 10.0.153781772 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Phone Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app download downloads google phone google phone app messages phone rcs rcs calling teardown voicemail subscribe ... Previous Story The latest SwiftKey beta adds support for Cantonese and other new typing languages, plus more ... ... Next Story Pinterest adds new features for recipe discovery, filters, and recommendations Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Pedram Haghzaban I posted this here couple days ago, but somebody said this feature has been in the google phone for a while. Carson Saldanha They were mistaken. Artem Russakovskii Which feature specifically? Pedram Haghzaban This post-call messages for failed calls Duder12 Voicemail features will never matter since carriers don't allow them in the US. Prop Dad I use this app for VM. What features don't matter? Richard Riker strange. minsdk is 23, target is 25. Won't install on N (app is not compatible) even when i'm running v9 already. Any dependancy update needed? because no problem with clock from the preview Carson Saldanha Just to confirm, you're trying to sideload it on a Nexus/Pixel device, right? Artem Russakovskii Are you on arm64? Richard Riker uh...totally overseen that. Corey Kinard Is there any way auto post-call spam messages, sent from (detected) spam callers, could be auto blocked and deleted the same way they plan on doing with the verification codes? Rudresh Is this ever coming to non-Nexel devices? Anand Use the patched version from XDA, will work on all droids. https://forum.xda-developers.com/android/apps-games/app-google-dialer-t3557412 Gailjrobinson Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sv134c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sv134c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs424MarketFishGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sv134c:....,........ John Unfortunately, many features don't work on the patched version. There are older official versions available for non-Nexus devices at apkmirror. Version 9.something is the latest. We will likely never see an official version. Previous official versions that work on non-Nexus phones were mistakes that were pulled. Samsung and others modify their dialers so that Google Phone doesn't work well unless the stock apps are disabled which may require root. Carlos Rodríguez Midly related, but SMS backups are coming to Nexus devices on O. If you toggle the switch of and on in Settings > System > Backup, a new option for SMS backup appears, just like on the Pixel. Cheers! Lynxy Dear lord, you're right! I'll try to test that the next time I reset the phone while on O. Alex I don't see that option. Nexus 6P in the UK. Latest O version. Carlos Rodríguez In phone settings > system > backup, turn off the switch for backup in Google Drive, then turn it back on. You'll see the SMS backup like on the Pixel. Fayas Android O on Nexus 5X. can't see that option to backup SMS. Carlos Rodríguez It only appeared for me when I turned backup off and on. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6e53aa283e8271597b15df245154ecc06126d368853b89fa516c6076dbf49ac2.jpg James Well according to Google's implementation of the omtp visual voicemail standard (https://source.android.com/devices/tech/config/voicemail) it's vvm client "Fetches details of voicemail quota (total mailbox size and occupied size)" from the carrier so it's probably for carriers that have implemented the stock omtp vvm standard like t-mobile. James Briano Tangentially related: Anyone else getting errors with the phone app on Dev Preview 2? App keeps crashing when I have an incoming call. Nexus 6P. Cody Toombs I haven't put the SIM card into my 6P for more than a couple of minutes since the developer previews started going on there, so I can't comment to that exact scenario, but it has been working perfectly on my Pixel running 7.1.2. I've had pretty regular issues with Google apps crashing on DP1 and DP2. It may be a coincidence, but it seems especially bad for any app that uses hardware components like GPS and cellular radio. I'm not complaining since we all should know the deal with bleeding edge releases, but I think the O developer previews have been the buggiest I've used since Google started with KitKat. Andy J "It's not yet clear if attachments will be shown on the screen with incoming calls, but I think it's a pretty safe bet that they will be." Yes - yes it is. All the stuff people are left wondering about is covered in a LOT of depth in the Universal Profile spec - in this particular case, selecting a photo to be shown on the receivers screen when the phone call comes in - is specifically detailed in the spec. It's worth also being aware that as it's also specifically in the spec that the phone book must expose which contacts support Universal Profile - that I'd expect both the contacts app and the dialer app to be opened up to all devices on the Play Store before too much longer - otherwise only Messages supports RCS and people will have phones where they can't actually tell if they can make a video call or send someone a file (or their location) - all they can do is send them a message. mike shwilly Can i just have Swipe to Delete sms feature? Manikandan Guru Working fine on my OP3T. aRvInD Instead of this pretty useless idea, I wish Google places Redial button in same place. Which more people will find relevant and useful... hp-fourtwenty double tap the dial button to redial. tap it once to see the last number dialed. F4LL0U7 It's really frustrating that with all of these enhancements, there STILL isn't a way to use your Google Voice number by default instead of your carrier number. You can set the option to place all calls through GV, but if I try to send an SMS follow-up to a rejected call, or send an SMS through Assistant, it still uses the carrier number. James Donut In my country, I'm still waiting for the telecommunications companies to implement RCS Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 35 1 Year Ago Today Google Is Preparing To Add The Raspberry Pi 3 To AOSP, It Will Apparently Become An Officially Supported Device 2016/05/24 2:21pm PDTMay 24, 2016 264 2 Years Ago Today An Exclusive Early Look At The New Google Photos App 2015/05/24 10:36am PDTMay 24, 2015 18 3 Years Ago Today ZeroLemon's 9500mAh Extended Battery For The LG G Pro 2 Is Now On Sale For $50 2014/05/24 4:39pm PDTMay 24, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Sci-Fighters, Judge Dredd: Countdown Sec 106, Race Illegal, Mensa Academy, And RE-VOLT Free 2013/05/24 7:11pm PDTMay 24, 2013 41 5 Years Ago Today Better Than Magic - Stick Your Phone To A Wall, Treadmill, Or... Ceiling With PU Pads From The Makers Of Capta 2012/05/24 5:09pm PDTMay 24, 2012 22 6 Years Ago Today HTC "Reviewing" Its Bootloader Policy - We'll Believe It When We See It 2011/05/24 5:16pm PDTMay 24, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today That Was Quick: EVO 4G’s Already Been Rooted 2010/05/24 4:09pm PDTMay 24, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.390s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Assistant now offers topical next-word keyboard suggestions Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/05/24 7:57am PDTMay 24, 2017 40 Plus 1 on G+ 57 Share on Facebook 50 Share on Twitter Total Shares147 Google News A number of interesting upgrades for the Google Assistant were announced during the I/O developer conference last week, including the option to use the keyboard as the default input method instead of voice. Now that people have had a chance to play with the new setting it's become apparent that Assistant offers its own next-word suggestions, seemingly related to current events. How this works will depend on which keyboard you're using. If you’re using Gboard, its suggestions line will be disabled entirely and those from the Assistant will be displayed instead, as you can see in the first example below. If you're using another keyboard, such as SwiftKey (shown in the second example below), you'll see Assistant's proposed next words in a supplementary line above the keyboard's own. It stands to reason the implementation is a little smoother with Google's own Gboard.   Left: Assistant suggestions with Gboard. Right: With SwiftKey, Assistant adds a second row of suggestions. From the examples shown, and others we've tested, it seems next-word suggestions from the Google Assistant work much like the instant autocomplete queries that show up when you use Google Search, in that they will change depending on what's trending at the time. This could save you a lot of time if you're searching for something related to current affairs or even recent technology news. Another potentially useful aspect of this new feature can be seen when not entering anything with the keyboard at all. At this point, Assistant will show you the last two voice queries that a linked device has dealt with. In the example below, the last two questions Artem asked his Google Home are now appearing as suggestions. That's pretty useful if you want to see the information Google Home has already read out to you in written form, or if you want to explore the topic further. If anyone comes across anything else of interest, be sure to let us know. Thanks: Kavan Trivedi and Carson Saldanha Tags assistant gboard Google keyboard real-time suggestions Swiftkey subscribe ... Previous Story Google Opinion Rewards is now available in India, Singapore, and Turkey ... Next Story Garmin announces the VIRB 360-degree action camera, can record video at 5.7k and costs $799.99 Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Naga Sridhar Tried this yesterday! I think this makes Assistant more useful than before! Its easy to engage with assistance this way! Total Insecurity Which language? English? And which country? USA? Naga Sridhar Yes and yes! F4LL0U7 Indeed, what IS going on with the Trump and Bill O'Reilly? R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ They are being awesome. Unpopular but awesome F4LL0U7 I think your definition of "awesome" might be unpopular. But I don't know, maybe I shouldn't mess with that fancy and intimidating little Trumpette flag you're wearing on your username. Adam Margeson It doesn't look like it's "Taking over GBoard's suggested words". It looks like it's just stacking the auto-suggest on top of whatever keyboard might be up and leaving GBoard's suggestions line disabled. I'm not saying that Assistant's suggestions are worse than what your keyboard might suggest, but it seems like they're never going to enable suggested words for GBoard in the Google App or Assistant. Scott Scrivens Sorry, that was phrased badly but has now been corrected. Thanks for pointing it out! Winston I don't think Gboard suggestions were ever ENabled for Google Assistant in the first place. It wasnt in Google Search. andy_o The word suggestions are enabled on Assistant, have been since the beginning (since i/o). I depend on them cause I swipe, hopefully this new feature doesn't take that away. Vorastra http://i.imgur.com/oDS1j4z.png Adam Margeson Wierd. Apparently things have changed a bit since I stopped using Assistant. (Switched language to US Virgin Islands to go back to Now On Tap) Adam Margeson Kinda my point. They still haven't enabled it, Assistant is just providing it's own suggestions. AP was talking as if it was enabling it in GBoard and then taking it over. At least, that's how I read the article. Jonathan Payne I still don't have the keyboard option...so cool I guess? Andrew Palmer Try a reboot? Mine arrived quickly which surprised me. makapav Yeah me neither. I still haven't gotten around to setting up the voice personalization between myself and my wife on our Google homes. Maybe that's what I need to do first. Tobias S. And I still don't have the assistant at all.. ddevito So...Google Search? Jesus Google just make it all one app and one consistent experience. Exalm Uhm, it actually is one app. One huge app. ddevito Not on iOS it isn't, nor is the experience all interconnected on Android. Exalm I have no idea how it is on iOS, but on Android blog I would expect people to refer to Android unless specified. :) And on Android it _is_ technically one app. Experience is another thing, and I would agree that it could be more consistent. Ganesh Jain And Google Assistant is not available on my S7edge(Indian veriant) with Google Beta app installed... Abhilash Bingi Try changing your system language to English (US) Ganesh Jain It's on English US Ram S Charan Update your Google play services David Hyman I don't have this yet :( Exalm A question to people who already have this or the new query history: what Google app version do you have? Zaman It is still a kind of proof of concept. Still pretty unriable. Try to update your calendar with that voice control - miss or hit... Using keyboard is still the only option if you want to have the thing done quickly, especialy with a help of an app like that one: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.a3w4u.addquickeventfree Marcelove What's going on with Trump? He is showing his moves... https://youtu.be/eFOyCwCRTgw Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 10 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.746s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt Picking Up on Search Signals with Machine Learning By Miles Kehoe | May 24, 2017 CHANNEL: Information Management Google is no longer a search engine — if it ever really was. It's a machine learning application disguised as a search platform PHOTO: Stellan Johansson Signals are signs. They are indications.  In the context of search and machine learning, signals indicate an action has occurred. Sometimes, the signal is opening a page. Sometimes it is clicking on a result list. Other times it’s adding a product to a shopping cart.  As commercial and open source search technologies begin to integrate machine learning tools like Hadoop’s Mahout and Spark’s MLlib, signals are often one of the data points of interest in determining the results to display, as well as the order. Signals play a key part in relevance ranking in enterprise search. A Search Engine in Disguise Google, with its search capabilities everyone wishes their search platform delivered, isn’t really a search engine any more — if it ever really was. Google is a machine learning application disguised as a search platform.  Google now tracks user behavior to determine what results people find most useful. The same is true with Amazon. When Amazon and Google show you results based on “People like you ...” they mean other users who have searched for similar terms, looked at similar content, and have generally looked at the same types of content (or product) that you might have interest in.  Amazon and Google have gathered the same type of activities — signals — in your web and shopping behavior that resulted in a page or product view. Years ago, a colleague of mine had one of these "ah-ha” experiences on the web. He’s a big, bearded guy who is a committer to the FreeBSD project. He’s responsible for operating company web servers that need to be up 24/7, safe from attacks and intrusion attempts, which generate a big part of his company’s revenue. He was searching Google for "wi-fi routers" when a product suggestion popped up: khaki slacks for portly gentlemen. His first reaction was to curse Google for an arbitrary product suggestion. But seconds later, he told me he looked and decided that the khakis were pretty nice.  Bringing Machine Learning to Enterprise Search This is new information to many people, but it’s certainly nothing new to machine learning specialists. And now that technology has improved to the point where "ordinary" enterprise search instances are delivered with similar technology. Machine learning is now an integral part of two of the more popular commercial platforms.  Lucidworks Fusion now includes Apache Spark (and MLlib) with its product download. And Elasticsearch recently acquired and has integrated Prelate, which positioned itself as a ‘behavioral analysis’ tool.  Both boil down to technologies that capture and evaluate signal events as site visitors browse. Over time, the software begins to notice trends, and at some confidence level, the software can suggest related content — whether a solution to a tech support issue, a company policy or form, or a product. And the results and recommendations improve the more people use the site. Taking Machine Learning at Face Value  With traditional relevance ranking, you could often reverse engineer results to understand why a given product, stock or document was displayed. Even Verity, introduced in the late 1980s, included an 'explain' function that described why one result was ranked over another. Many people see a potential flaw with machine learning in that, while the algorithms may work, there is no way for the technology to explain the validity of the recommendations. Machine learning applied to financial markets can’t explain why a given stock is a "buy" or "sell," so we have to trust the ML algorithms are valid and working.  The vulnerability is that a malicious party could potentially hack an application to deliver specific results and benefit from knowing what the hacked algorithms will report. “Trust but verify” is no longer an option. Brush Up on Machine Learning If you work in and around search technology, it’s time to start learning about machine learning.   Fortunately, it's still the beginning of the wave. A number of good products are free and tutorials are easy to find. As a search guy, my interest in machine learning may be different than yours. I’ve been exploring machine learning by using the two search products mentioned above: Lucidworks Fusion with Spark; and Elasticsearch, with its Prelate Behavioral Analytics integration.   Other tools to consider experimenting with include: MapReduce / Mahout, Spark /MLlib, Coudera Oryx or AWS / Amazon Machine Learning. Lynda, Coursera, Udacity and others offer training as well. About the Author Miles Kehoe is founder of New Idea Engineering, a vendor neutral consultancy focused on enterprise search, analytics and big data. In addition to New Idea Engineering, he has also worked at search vendors Verity, Fulcrum Technologies, and most recently at Lucidworks. 0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments SharePoint Emerges From Its Ugly Duckling Phase 10 Digital Workplace Trends Shaping the Future of Work 5 Takeaways From the SharePoint Virtual Summit Enterprise Collaboration Platforms and the Elephants in the Room Craft Your DAM Elevator Speech with 9 'Whys' Chef Pushes Cloud-Native, Container-First Environments with Updates SAP Expands Cloud Partnership with Google, More from SAPPHIRE 5 Things to Watch for at Microsoft Build 2017 Report: DDoS Attacks Have Slowed, But Increased in Size Put Business Intelligence in Employees' Hands With Shared Libraries Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags eim, enterprise search, information management, machine learning, miles kehoe, signals   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources Digital Workplace Conference Digital Customer Experience Summit Document Management Software Digital Experience Newsletter Selecting a Web CMS Sitecore Consultant What is the Digital Workplace? View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events May 24 [Earley Executive Roundtable] Session 4: Commerce and Virtual Sales Assistants May 31 [Episerver Webinar] Accelerate Time to Value: How to prioritize digital experience delivery Jun 1 [DW Webinar Series 3] Key Strategies to Re-Engage Employees Jun 6 [CMSWire Webinar] The Very Strange Future of Mobile Jun 8 [Aragon Research Webinar] Empower Your Business to More Effectively Serve Your Customers Jun 19 Digital Workplace Experience Chicago 2017 Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a leading, native digital publication produced by Simpler Media Group, Inc. We provide articles, research and events for sophisticated professionals driving digital customer experience strategy, evolving the digital workplace and creating intelligent information management practices. The CMSWire team produces 450+ authoritative articles per quarter for our 750,000 community members. Join us as a subscriber. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DW Experience Conference DX Summit Conference Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles SharePoint Emerges From Its Ugly Duckling Phase view comments 10 Digital Workplace Trends Shaping the Future of Work view comments 5 Takeaways From the SharePoint Virtual Summit view comments Enterprise Collaboration Platforms and the Elephants in the Room view comments Craft Your DAM Elevator Speech with 9 'Whys' view comments Recent Comments © 2017 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6353.82. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC 2017 News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 2.0M 450K 365K 56K 14K 21K 65K 45K Android Deals Pick Up the Sony h.ear Hi-Res Headphones (MDR-100AAP) for $99 – 5/24/17 Deal: AUKEY 20000mAh Quick Charge 3.0 Portable Charger for $30 w/ Code – 5/24/17 Deal: Save 20% on the Amazon Echo Dot – 5/24/17 Electronics Deals – May 24th, 2017: Google Home, JBL Flip 4 & More Recent News Nubia Z17 To Sport Quick Charge 4.0, Force Touch Display Niantic’s New Ban On Pokémon GO Bots Flies Under The Radar ZTE’s Blade V8 Mini Shows Up At The FCC FREETEL FTE171A Passes Through The FCC Recent Reviews Xiaomi Mi 6 Review: Powerful Yet Stunning Gretel A9 Review: Value-Packed And Affordable HTC U Ultra Review: Great Looking Smartphone BlackBerry KEYone Review: The Physical Keyboard Returns Latest Google App Beta Shows Signs Of Google Lens May 24, 2017 - Written By Justin Diaz The latest version of the Google App beta is showing signs of Google Lens, the new camera-related feature for Google Search that was announced during Google I/O 2017. While the feature isn’t live yet as Google noted during the conference that it wouldn’t be available until later on in the year the Google App beta which is now in version 7.3, seems to have replaced the icon for visual search with the Google Lens icon that was shown during the conference, though it isn’t featuring Google’s themed colors and is instead displayed in a grey color. This version of the beta also shows that Google is renaming the Google App. It will now be called Google, making this a simplification of sorts. This is a pretty minor change, but certainly keeps things more streamlined and will probably make it easier for new users to identify what the app does. Google might be renaming the visual search feature in a future update to the app too, though at this point in time there isn’t any detail one what it will be using for the new name in place of visual search. Also new in this version of the beta app will be the inclusion of app shortcuts, at least according to the APK teardown. Unlike the last two details though the app shortcuts are actually live and will be usable. The different shortcuts that are available will be options to search in apps, view your recent searches, open up voice search, and open up regular search. App shortcuts are available for the stable Google App on version 7.2.25.21 on the Pixel, so it’s not clear what is new with the App Shortcuts in Google beta 7.3, but if you’re using the Google beta this is one of the features you should check out. For those that are unfamiliar with the process, the Google beta is Google’s way of testing new features and other changes and improvements before rolling things out to the stable version of the app. A previous version of the Google beta hinted at a notification panel search feature which still doesn’t seem to have appeared, so perhaps it will be coming in a later version of the app. Post navigation Verizon Launches SmartHub, To Power Your Home with 4G LTE Report: Overseas Business Heads Will Be SoftBank Board Members May 24, 2017 | Android App News , Android News Source: 9To5Google Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News Nubia Z17 To Sport Quick Charge 4.0, Force Touch Display Niantic’s New Ban On Pokémon GO Bots Flies Under The Radar ZTE’s Blade V8 Mini Shows Up At The FCC FREETEL FTE171A Passes Through The FCC Snapchat Rolls Out New Features For Shared Content Creation Win A Google Pixel & HP Printer Giveaway – Mopria & Android Headlines – USA Only Facebook Reportedly Lining Up Content For Shows Huawei P10 Arrives In Canada June 6, P10 Plus Only At Rogers Tech Talk: Uber’s Problems May Grow Amidst Backlash In Pittsburgh Verizon Offering Discount To Trade In Pixel XL For Pixel XL Motorola Says It Would Have Noticed The Note 7 Battery Issue Sponsored App Review: Mopria Print Service Change Up the Galaxy S8 Softkeys with this APK Moto Z2 Play Geekbench Listing Shows Up, Confirming Specs Facebook Changed The Design Of Trending Results On Mobile Watch A Pixel XL Unboxing Video With No Pixel XL In The Box Pick Up the Sony h.ear Hi-Res Headphones (MDR-100AAP) for $99 – 5/24/17 Review: Starlook Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Huawei P10 Google Adds New ‘Archive’ Feature To Photos Rumor: May 31 Is When Android Pay Goes Live In Canada Qualcomm Now Shipping More Than 1 Million IoT Chips Each Day Load More Posts Follow Share
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Internet Image Source: Eric Risberg/AP/REX/Shutterstock Google is coming for your credit card data next Chris Smith @chris_writes May 24th, 2017 at 3:02 PM Share Tweet Loving free products like Google, Gmail, Google Maps, or Android means you have to give away a part of yourself to Google. Your data is what pays for these free products, and there’s no way around it. If you’re worried about your online privacy, you won’t like the type of personal data Google plans to track next. Don't Miss: Somehow, everyone walked away from this massive Tesla crash Google wants to track billions of credit and debit card sales to compare online ad clicks with money spent offline, BBC reports. If this sounds like the kind of fake Google product the company invents for April Fool’s, you should know it’s a real thing. Google already announced the new initiative on its AdWords blog. Google explains that it’s already able to capture some 70% of credit and debit card transactions in the USA alone, which is quite impressive. This happens through third-party partnerships, but Google doesn’t say what companies provide the financial data. But, in the future, advertisers will be able to use the data to measure the effectiveness of their online ads. Google, of course, tracks plenty of other data that will come in handy when it comes to helping companies understand whether the ads you see on your devices will convince you to buy a product. Such data includes store visits, and Google says that in less than three years, advertisers measured more than five billion store visits using Google’s AdWards. Stores looking to get in on the credit card tracking action should know that there will be two ways of using it. One involves using email information collected at the point of sale for loyalty programs, and the other one relies on data from those unmentioned third parties. “Both solutions match transactions back to Google ads in a secure and privacy-safe way, and only report on aggregated and anonymized store sales to protect your customer data,” Google says, adding that advertisers won’t have to share any customer data with Google. Furthermore, Google won’t know what you buy, only the value of all purchases over a period of time. “While we developed the concept for this product years ago, it required years of effort to develop a solution that could meet our stringent user privacy requirements,” a spokesman told BBC. “To accomplish this, we developed a new, custom encryption technology that ensures users’ data remains private, secure, and anonymous.” Before you ask, yes, you can opt out of the new feature. Just head over to your Google account, and look for a box that says “Also use Google Account activity and information to personalize ads on these websites and apps and store that data in your Google Account” inside the ads settings page. Tags: google, AdWords View Comments Trending 1 Tech Verizon iPhone owners, you’d be crazy to turn down this T-Mobile deal 2 Tech Don’t let that ugly iPhone 8 model scare you – this is what the real thing will look like 3 Tech New iPhone 8 pictures mean our worst nightmare might be happening 4 Deals Amazon has a portable Full HD projector on sale for just $90 5 Tech Samsung responds to discovery that Galaxy S8’s iris scanner can be tricked by a photo Picked For You Verizon iPhone owners, you’d be crazy to turn down this T-Mobile deal By Chris Mills 11 hours ago The iPhone 8’s final design might’ve just been spotted in the wild By Chris Mills 1 day ago Forget the NES Classic Edition, this $40 console can play every NES game ever By Maren Estrada 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News open Sports open High School Sports open Weather open Business open Obituaries/In Memoriam open Jobs Autos Real Estate open Entertainment open Food & Dining open Lifestyle open Opinion open Photos & Videos open Become a Member open Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save open Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions open News subscriptions open Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports open Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business open Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region open Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Man facing multiple child porn charges after Google reports concerns Print Email Lynn Moore | lmoore8@mlive.com By Lynn Moore | lmoore8@mlive.com The Muskegon Chronicle Follow on Twitter on May 24, 2017 at 9:02 AM, updated May 24, 2017 at 9:03 AM comments Christopher ColeMuskegon County Jail  MUSKEGON COUNTY, MI - Already charged with possessing child pornography, a Muskegon man is facing new accusations that he reproduced some of the images. Christopher Cole, 41, recently was charged with two new felonies arising from an investigation that began when Google reported suspicious activity, said Muskegon County Chief Assistant Prosecutor Timothy Maat. Google in February 2016 reported concerns about Cole to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, Maat said. He allegedly had uploaded child pornography to a Google photo account, Maat said. The National Center then contacted the Michigan State Police that initiated an investigation, Maat said. During the investigation, thousands of images were examined as possible child sexually abusive material, he said. In May 2016, Cole was charged with three counts of possession of child sexually abusive material, punishable by up to four years in prison, and one count of using a computer to commit a crime, which could bring a sentence up to 20 years. Sentences are determined by judges based on state guidelines. As the investigation continued, it was determined that Cole allegedly reproduced images, a more serious action, and so two additional, charges were filed this month, Maat said. Court records indicate the charges stem from activity between Dec. 5, 2014, and Oct. 15, 2015. "It's alleged that he was in possession and made copies of materials involving underage males," Maat said. On May 12, Cole was arraigned on a charge of producing or copying child sexually abusive material, a felony punishable by up to 20 years in prison, and using a computer to commit a crime, also a potential 20-year felony. However, because Cole has three prior felony convictions, his potential sentence is life in prison. He is being held in the Muskegon County Jail on $100,000 in bonds -- $50,000 for the 2016 case and $50,000 for the more recent one. Cole has been bound over to circuit court to face trial on the 2016 charges, and a preliminary examination on the more recent charges is scheduled for 9 a.m. May 30 in front of Muskegon County District Judge Harold Closz. Proceedings in the 2016 case were adjourned in March 2017 so that Cole could undergo a mental competency examination, Maat said. He is being charged as a four-time habitual offender because of convictions for writing a check with no bank account in 2002 and failing to return rental property in 2006 and 2007, court records show. Michigan Prom Prom 2017: Photos from celebrations across Michigan Michigan's Best Craft distilleries of Michigan Craft distillery tour turns to Ann Arbor, Jackson and Kalamazoo Tell us your favorite Michigan craft distilleries, craft cocktails More Michigan's Best » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] Trending in Google Review: Huawei Watch 2 loses the charm of its predecessor [Video] Trending in Google How to install & run Google Assistant on your Mac or PC desktop [Video] Trending in Google Best Android smartwatches you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [May 2017] Yesterday GOOG: 954.96 6.14 Google 7.3 adds app shortcuts on Android 7.1+, Google Lens icon, and more [APK Teardown] Abner Li - May. 24th 2017 10:36 am PT @technacity Apps & Updates Teardowns Google app Google Lens View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google Lens was one of most exciting announcements of I/O 2017, but we unfortunately have to wait until later this year for it go live. However, signs of it are beginning to show up in the latest Google beta, along with app shortcuts and other minor changes. Nintendo Switch About APK Teardowns: In this ‘APK teardown,’ we’ve decompiled the latest version of an application that was uploaded to the Play Store. When an app (or an APK, to be specific, in the case of Android apps) is decompiled, we’re able to see various lines of code within that hint at possible future features. Keep in mind that Google may or may not ever ship these features, and our interpretation of what they are may be imperfect. With that in mind, read on. App shortcuts in Android 7.1 and above The biggest user-facing feature in version 7.3 is the launch of app shortcuts. They were briefly available around the launch of Android 7.1, but were removed long ago. Update: App shortcuts may have been live for some users before 7.3 as part of an A/B test. This release rolls out the feature to all users. Available natively on devices running Android 7.1 and above, as well as other third-party launchers, the shortcuts are rather straightforward. Tapping on one will take users directly to the corresponding part of the Google app. Interestingly, Voice Search launches the older voice feature and not Google Assistant, while Search In Apps allows users to quickly search just within installed apps. New app name Starting with version 7.3, the app has been renamed from “Google App” to just “Google.” Google Lens and Visual Search In past teardowns, we have encountered a “Visual Search” feature that allows users to snap pictures and get related search results. It’s unclear whether that feature is related to Google Lens, but version 7.3 hints towards a relationship. The old Visual Search icon has been replaced by a grayscale version of the one shown on stage at I/O 2017 last week. Additionally, there are signs in this APK that Google is getting ready to rename Visual Search in a future version. Abner Li @technacity Is interested in the minutiae of Google and Alphabet. Tips/talk: abner@9to5g.com Favorite Gear Fitbit Charge 2 Breath of the Wild Joy-Con Guides Google app View THe Guide Google Lens View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories John Kerry to Harvard grads: ‘This is not a normal time’ Here’s a list of the agencies and programs Trump’s budget would defund entirely Stopping the presses America second? Yes, and China’s lead is only growing Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In hiawatha bray | TECH LAB How other countries are trying to censor the Internet E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Sakchai Lalit/AP Online images of King Maha Vajiralongkorn in a revealing cropped T-shirt have been blocked in Thailand. By Hiawatha Bray Globe Staff  May 24, 2017 The Internet is as American as it gets. Not just the hardware and software, but the mind-set. Many of those who built it are libertarian types — First Amendment fans who regard uncensored access to information as an unquestionably good thing, a natural right. The trouble is, most of the world doesn’t think that way. And their pushback against the anything-goes attitude of the American Internet gets more aggressive by the month. Advertisement It’s no surprise when China and Russia don’t want to do things the American way. But our friends in Europe are also objecting, and that will test how far major US companies such as Google and Facebook would bend their principles to protect their profits. Facebook, Google, and other Internet services for years have removed or blocked postings on a country-by-country basis. In Germany, for example, they block Nazi-related images, which are illegal there. Just the other day, Facebook began blocking embarrassing photos of the king of Thailand in that country, where it’s illegal to mock the monarch. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here In the United States and other countries, we can still gape at images of King Maha Vajiralongkorn strolling through a mall wearing one of those revealing crop-top T-shirts. But in some countries, blocking publication just to their borders is not good enough. In Austria, for example, a judge in early May ordered Facebook to delete postings that described politician Eva Glawischnig as a “traitor” and a “corrupt tramp.” Pretty tame stuff by our country’s political standards, but the Austrian judge ruled that we in the United States and elsewhere shouldn’t be able to read them, either, ordering Facebook to erase the postings from its networks around the world. Austria is, in effect, declaring that its hate-speech laws can be enforced globally, against any online entity. So if an Internet service publishes something nasty enough to offend an Austrian, the judge’s reasoning is that Austrian law should apply — regardless of where the content was published. And if Austria can bring Facebook to heel anywhere in the world, so can any other country. It’s easy to see why Facebook is digging in for a hard fight. The news didn’t shock Harvard law professor Jonathan Zittrain, who foresaw this problem in a 2003 research paper. “I’m surprised it hasn’t happened sooner,” he said to me. Actually, it did, in France several years ago, in a still-pending case involving the European Union’s famed “right to be forgotten.” Advertisement Under this principle, any EU citizen can ask Internet search services to hide embarrassing facts about his past life, if those facts are no longer relevant. So if a Frenchman was arrested in a bar fight 30 years ago, he can demand that Google stop telling his fellow Europeans about it. Anyway, that’s how Google thought the law would be applied. But in 2015, a French court held that the right to be forgotten applies worldwide and Google must delete that information from every one of its data centers around the world. Google is appealing. The rationale behind the Austrian and French rulings is pretty understandable: A company in France, for example, looking for information on a potential hire can simply search the American version of Google, rather than the French edition. That renders the “right to be forgotten” mostly meaningless. The French and Austrians hope to solve that problem by declaring their global sovereignty over entire social networks. If these rulings survive on appeal, would Facebook or Google stop doing business in these countries? Fat chance. They could cave in, but then they should probably expect a demand for a court in China to purge all references to the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. Meanwhile in Germany, a new law requires social networks to delete within 24 hours any postings that violate that country’s hate-speech laws. These laws ban not only Nazi-related messages but any speech that insults or maligns people based on race, national origin, or religious belief. The penalty for noncompliance is a fine of up to $53 million per incident. No, that’s not a misprint. Critics of the law say that to avoid massive fines, Internet companies will ban anything even vaguely controversial. It’s an ice bath for free speech. So which will prevail: national sovereignty or Internet liberty? The side that has the courts, cops, and guns seems to be winning, for now. The human rights group Freedom House recently reported that Internet freedom is on the wane worldwide as a growing roster of countries crack down on social networks and instant-messaging apps. What to do? I favor a Geneva Convention for Internet freedom, where countries would establish a global framework for regulating online content. As an American, I resent the notion that we even need such a treaty. But America can’t prevent Europe or Russia or China from regulating US Internet companies doing business on their turf. Our best option is to limit the reach of their regulations. It’s time to negotiate a pact that will prevent foreign laws from infecting American liberties. Hiawatha Bray can be reached at hiawatha.bray@globe.com. Follow him on Twitter @GlobeTechLab. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide These danger-seeking robots show how Microsoft could benefit from Trump's infrastructure boom Robot start-ups and cloud providers are eyeing Trump's $1 trillion infrastructure plan. Robots can be used to inspect and repair aging infrastructure. But there is fierce competition. Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan 12 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES President Donald Trump has promised to unveil a $1 trillion infrastructure plan this year, a proposal that was in focus last week as Washington observed "infrastructure week" — even if it was overshadowed by a flurry of other political news. Trump's infrastructure plans, plus his promises of a manufacturing renaissance, are expected to be a boon for industries like transportation and engineering. But they could also benefit some less-expected sectors: robotics start-ups and the cloud companies that work with them. "Compute and storage utilities, I think this is going to enable massive innovation by all sorts of companies, not the least of which are all the industrial companies that can lever and take advantage of the massive investments that Google's making, Amazon's making, Microsoft's making, and machine learning that's in the cloud," Altimeter Capital's Brad Gerstner told CNBC earlier this month. Source: Sarcos Robotics The Guardian S, one of Sarcos' robots, is a 13-pound snake-like all-terrain machine, powered remotely by humans engineers. Building roads and bridges may seem outside the purview of big technology companies like Amazon and Google. But when an industrial company wants to make a model of, say, when a bridge will corrode, it can use data from the sensors on a robot, and send that data to be crunched in the cloud, said Ben Wolff, CEO of robotics company Sarcos. 'The golden age of robotics' Sarcos is one company that thinks it can get a boost from the infrastructure and manufacturing boom. The Utah-based robotics company makes rugged machines that can explore areas where humans can't — or shouldn't — enter safely, like tunnels, pipes, corroding bridges and under automobiles. "Every time we use the robot, it may be a different environment. Inspecting a bridge one day, a refinery tank, the welds inside a shipping container," Wolff said. "In a nutshell, if the infrastructure plan goes forward it creates a lot of opportunity for Sarcos. One thing that will be critical is evaluating the useful life of some of the remaining infrastructure." The Guardian S, one of Sarcos' robots, is a 13-pound snake-like all-terrain machine, powered remotely by human engineers. The Guardian XO, still in development, claims to be the world's first "fully powered industrial exoskeleton," an "Iron Man"-like suit that helps the wearer lift 200 pounds "repeatedly without exertion, strain or injury." Another factor in Sarcos' favor? The company isn't trying to replace human productivity: "[W]e enhance it, by making you stronger, keeping you safer and getting you places you couldn't otherwise go," a description said. That's key, because central to Trump's promises are the jobs they will create. Last year, The New York Times asked Trump if bringing back manufacturing to the U.S. would push up costs and spur companies to turn to automation. "It's a big thing, we'll make the robots, too," Trump said. "Right now we don't make the robots. We don't make anything." According to Wolff, Sarcos' robots are designed for unstructured environments, not the factory floor. But that also means that they're less likely to replace rote jobs. Source: Sarcos Robotics The Guardian XO, still in development by Sarcos Robotics, claims to be the world's first "fully powered industrial exoskeleton," which helps the wearer lift 200 pounds "repeatedly without exertion, strain or injury." "Before the forklift or before the power drill, we had humans doing the work and they had to lift the heavy things on their own, and there was more danger involved," Wolff said. "So I think we look at the robots as really the next level of innovation — tools in the workplace that enhance safety." While Trump's plan has been criticized as dated, in some ways it couldn't be timed better for tech companies like Sarcos, and its partner, Microsoft. Wolff said advancements in critical technologies like cloud computing and machine learning, the falling prices of computer vision sensors, and the smaller, faster chips and batteries on the market have created an opportunity for industrial companies to leverage robots in a way they could not have done even five years ago. "I call this the golden age of robotics," Wolff said. Technology has advanced so that the costs of components have come down dramatically." Microsoft, Amazon and the race to win the cloud Once a Sarcos robot collects the data, that's where the cloud comes in. Microsoft's sales team courts industrial companies like Sarcos with its Azure platform, and has built a lab in its Redmond, Washington, headquarters where companies can take their products and work with Microsoft to get everything connected to the cloud, Wolff said. But Microsoft is not the only cloud provider vying to break into the industrial space. "While I am sure that [Microsoft] is positioning itself for growth in the manufacturing sector, there are other options — and there are many manufacturing customers that are using those options," said Crawford Del Prete, marketing research agency IDC's chief research officer. "I think the real value for MSFT is in the developer networks, and in their ability to attract developers from industries to Azure." IDC's Bob Parker added that Microsoft's team "are far from the only suitable (or even the best) option in manufacturing." As money pours into industrial projects across the United States, competition to win cloud contracts could get fierce. "We're at the beginning of something that is going to grow much much bigger over the next 10 years. Some places will be quite affected by automation," said Robert Seidl, managing partner at Motus Ventures, a Bay Area firm that invests in transportation, robotics and urban planning. "There's a very large market opportunity in automotive. Then more broadly, the kinds of things that happen in technology. Not just driving and people-moving, but warehouses, packing and unpacking, and delivery, inspection in oil and gas, infrastructure inspection." Seidl said he's not counting on an infrastructure boom to boost his portfolio. Plus, he said, there's a limited window: As computers get smaller and more powerful, more data can be crunched directly by the robots themselves. "I think it's worth being cautious about funding [until it] actually happens. American governments have been notoriously underfunded when it comes to infrastructure," Seidl said. "We always tell our founders, 'Do not rely on other start-ups as customers, and don't rely on the government as your only customers. Funding can evaporate if there is an election.' That's a challenge for start-ups." Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change MSFT --- GOOGL --- AMZN ---
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Google Google plans to track credit card spending so it knows when you are buying things in shops - as well as online By Margi Murphy Published May 24, 2017 Facebook Twitter Comments Email Print File photo: A Google search page is reflected in sunglasses in this photo illustration taken in Brussels May 30, 2014. (REUTERS/Francois Lenoir) Google has revealed “intrusive” new plans to track what we are buying in shops. It will use credit and debit card information to prove that its online adverts can get shoppers to the till. Determining how many sales are generated by digital advert campaigns has long been the “holy grail” among industry insiders. Google has previously used web browsing, search history and geographic locations to see if an ad has been successful. But adding transactions in shops to the mix could help Google show clients that buying advertising is a good idea. Virgin Holidays said it has already benefited from tracking sales both on and offline. It found that those who buy in store after clicking on a search advert are “three times more profitable than an online conversation”, which means that people who buy instore – but previously saw or clicked on a Google advert – spend more than people who just click through an advert to buy online. It’s easy to forget that Google is primarily a massive advertising company that makes billions from our eyeballs. But the new powers to track our offline spending has caused a stir with privacy advocates. They claim that customers haven’t got the faintest idea that their transactions are being tracked, and more must be done to alert them. “What’s really fascinating to me is that as the companies become increasingly intrusive in terms of their data collection, they also become more secretive,” Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center told the Washington Post. The search giant said it is in partnership with companies who track 70 percent of all credit and debit card transactions in the United States. It can merge this information with the data it owns which shows who has seen or clicked on an advert in that location. Google said it puts user privacy first. "While we developed the concept for this product years ago, it required years of effort to develop a solution that could meet our stringent user privacy requirements," it said in a statement. "To accomplish this, we developed a new, custom encryption technology that ensures users' data remains private, secure, and anonymous." The UK government gave Google a slap on the wrist after it emerged adverts - footed by the British taxpayer - were appearing on terrorist propaganda YouTube clips. Advertisement Trending in Tech Area 51: Leaked video purports alien craft being tested at secret military base Alien life may already exist in our galaxy UFO sighting? Video purportedly showing massive light over Paris raises questions UFO hunter claims proof of giant alien ship that crashed 'millions of years ago' Did UFOs cause Marilyn Monroe's death? Documentary claims proof Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Actions Challenge igniting new app development for Assistant Chris Burns - May 24, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit The folks at Google responsible for lighting fires in the bellies of developers have revealed a program called the Google Actions Challenge. In this challenge, developers are asked to create mind-blowing apps that make use of Google Assistant in its newest incarnation. These apps will be new – and must be new as in not submitted before May 17 of 2017. The term “Actions on Google” covers the “platform that allows developers to build for the Google Assistant on Google Home, eligible Android phones, iPhones, and soon everywhere else the Assistant is available.” In other words – this is the place to be for Google’s next big set of moves. This is the place where Google is putting their dev chips. Everyday average Android users will benefit from this challenge in the final product: excellent apps. A push by Google to make an app with a specific set of tools like this has great potential to make software that’s game-changing. A developer that takes advantage of a program like this can find themselves at the center of a lot of attention from just the right people to launch their big-time developer career. The Actions on Google Developer Challenge asks that developers create awesome apps for the Google Assistant. The first places these apps will need to go is Google Home, Android, and the iPhone. Being selected by Google in this challenge for having created an excellent app means the possibility of getting a trip to Google Headquarters and tickets for Google I/O 2018 – and $10k, no big deal. Second place includes a $7,500 prize, while third place gets a cool $5,500 – and there’s a bunch of other prizes, too, and not just for being the best overall. Developers will be judged based on the following criteria: • Creativity – How new or original is your app? • Relevance – Does your app serve a user need? • Quality – How well does your app provide a good user experience and follow Google’s design best practices? • Usage – How many users has your app acquired and how much are they using it? Apps must be approved by August 31st, 2017 – and submissions can be made more than once. As Google suggests, “It can take a few submissions before an app is approved, so try to submit your app early.” Developers are asked to submit their Project ID from submission-ready apps with the submission form in time for the end of the challenge. Developers that have questions that aren’t addressed by the Actions on Google “Actions Challenge” FAQ site are directed by Google to send questions to actionschallenge@google.com with speed. Story Timeline Google Assistant comes to PCs via AutoVoice Chrome extension iDevices adds Google Assistant support for its smart home products Google Assistant tipped to land on iOS soon Google Assistant released for iPhone [Download now] Google Assistant now lets users buy and pay for stuff Finding and using Google Assistant apps is about to get a lot easier The best new Google Assistant feature is the simplest thing [APK Download] Tags AndroiddevelopersgoogleGoogle Assistantmobile Must Read Bits & Bytes Ninety7 Vaux Review: Echo Dot speaker-battery cuts Alexa’s cord Tiny DJI Spark drone flies by gestures: Pricing, camera, and Autopilot Surface Pro vs Huawei MateBook E vs Samsung Galaxy Book: What you need to know The 2017 Aston Martin DB11 is unlike any other Gran Tourismo 2017 Porsche 718 Cayman S Review: Brave new turbocharged world Latest Headlines OnePlus 5 confirmed with Snapdragon 835, front fingerprint sensor May 25, 2017 Gogoro 2 smartscooter is made for riding in twos May 24, 2017 Sony axes “premium standard” line, including Xperia X, X Compact May 24, 2017 Ricoh WG-50 16MP rugged camera is waterproof with Full HD video May 24, 2017 How to use PayPal with Android Pay May 24, 2017 Latest Reviews Kangaroo Mobile Desktop Pro Review: a tiny battery-powered Windows 10 PC May 24, 2017 Ninety7 Vaux Review: Echo Dot speaker-battery cuts Alexa’s cord May 24, 2017 Garmin VIRB 360 camera review: rugged, simple, powerful May 24, 2017 2017 Porsche 718 Cayman S Review: Brave new turbocharged world May 23, 2017 Samsung Galaxy Book 12 Review: A premium 2-in-1 with a price to match May 23, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Google IO 2017 Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google Assistant will make revenue from online sales Newsby David Imel12 hours ago 2 88 7 Back in March, customers started getting riled up when Google Home began playing advertisements for the new movie Beauty and the Beast. It did this by including a spot for the film in the daily briefing, and asked the users if they wished to know any fun facts about the movie. Customers weren’t too happy about this move, and it seems that Google is testing another revenue acquisition model using Google Assistant. See also: Google Home, Beauty and the Beast, and Google’s dilemma March 17, 2017 Google Senior Vice President of Advertising and Commerce Sridhar Ramaswamy expanded on the Assistant revenue model at the Google Marketing Next conference on Tuesday, citing that this revenue would come mainly from suggesting specific sales partners rather than inserting ads. In this way, Google is working like an affiliate for these businesses, getting a cut of each sale for assisting in the purchase. Marketers will not be charged for having their business listed in Assistant suggestions, as the system simply pulls the information already present in traditional search. Google says they will be focusing on user features first, and will be working on this revenue model secondarily. While some might feel strange about the fact that Google is making money from suggestions, it is quite a useful feature that should help customers to find products nearby. What’s your opinion on the move? Let us know in the comments below. News Google Assistant Google Assistant  Recode David Imel David Imel  is a 21 year-old technology enthusiast hailing from Smartville, Califorina. He moves a lot so he's probably not really living in any one place. David loves Android, Writing, Computer Hardware, Mechanical Keyboards, Super Smash Brothers: Melee, and many other geeky things. He attended the University of California: Santa Cruz from 2013-2017 and now writes articles like no tomorrow. Show 2 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   HTC U11 International Giveaway! 4 days ago39 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Live FLS Google’s Mammoth 55-inch 4K Jamboard Now On Sale Easily Undercutting Surface Hub – Hot Hardware Posted on May 24 2017 - 11:26am by Zennie Abraham Categorized as Business 20 Related Facebook will court ‘millennials’ with its original videos – Engadget Whales are the largest animals on Earth. Now we know why they got so big – Los Angeles Times Hot Hardware Google developed a high-tech whiteboard that costs $4,999 and is now available to purchase. While that seems a bit pricey, it is a much more affordable solution compared to Microsoft’s competing Surface Hub, which starts at $8.999 and goes up from … Google’s $5000 4K digital whiteboard goes on saleEngadget Jamboard Is Google’s 4K Whiteboard For Collaboration, And It’s Now Available For $4999Tech Times Google just made a $5000 whiteboardSFGate VentureBeat –Droid Life (press release) (blog) –Android Headlines –University Herald all 47 news articles …read more Source:: Business News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Join Our Email List Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Las Vegas Pol Blasts NFL Oakland Raiders Zennie62 on YouTube Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Oakland Raiders Derek Carr, Wash Redskins Kirk Cousins Seeking NFL Contracts What Did Mark Davis Do To Keep NFL Raiders In Oakland? Kirk Cousins On Terrelle Pryor, Jay Graden Calling Redskins Plays NFL Pro Bowl Game Returns To Orlando For 2018 Ariana Grande Should Sing After Manchester To Give Finger To Attackers SF Bay Area Events Today - Mirror Corp Events 1500 Harrison San Francisco Tony's Wine Cellar & Bistro Empty At Houston Airport 318-542-4347 Fake IRS Tax Evasion Phone Scam Annie Thorisdottir Hot Female Crossfit Athlete In Vogue World Faces Six Attacks In Two Days, Latest In Jakarta Roger Goodell On Mark Cuban's NFL Las Vegas Raiders vs Oakland Comments http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 8 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / World Wide Web / Google Links Offline Buys, Online Ads Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Google Attribution Aims To Link Offline Purchases to Online Ads By Shirley Siluk / Sci-Tech Today PUBLISHED: MAY 24 2017 Machine learning can help marketers better track the success of their ads, whether customers ultimately end up buying online or off, thanks to a new tool unveiled by Google yesterday. However, consumer and privacy advocates are expressing concern about the potential implications of Google's ever-expanding ability to understand user behavior from first search to final purchase. Google Attribution, whose launch in beta was announced yesterday during the company's Marketing Next conference in San Francisco, is a new offering that lets marketers better assess the effectiveness of their advertising, according to senior vice president of ads & commerce Sridhar Ramaswamy. In a blog post about the tool's launch, Ramaswamy said Google Attribution uses machine learning to provide data-driven insights about each step in the consumer journey. Tracking Across Devices and Channels "For the first time, Google Attribution makes it possible for every marketer to measure the impact of their marketing across devices and across channels -- all in one place, and at no additional cost," Ramaswamy said. Rather than just relying on last-click attribution, which misses the impact of most marketing touchpoints, Google's new tool makes use of data from a range of applications like AdWords, Google Analytics, and DoubleClick Search to let marketers better understand consumer actions across devices and channels, he said. Over the coming months, Google also plans to roll out new capabilities enabling marketers to understand the in-store sales impact of their ads at the device and campaign levels, Ramaswamy said. For example, large retailers who take email information at the point of sale from shoppers enrolled in their loyalty programs will be able to import data about such transactions into AdWords to better analyze campaign-related purchases by individual stores. "And even if your business doesn't have a large loyalty program, you can still measure store sales by taking advantage of Google's third-party partnerships, which capture approximately 70% of credit and debit card transactions in the United States," Ramaswamy said. "There is no time-consuming setup or costly integrations required on your end. You also don’t need to share any customer information. After you opt in, we can automatically report on your store sales in AdWords." 'Anonymity Is Anything But' Even after Google Attribution moves out of beta, the tool will not be available to all marketers, the company noted on its support pages. In general, AdWords users must have at least 15,000 clicks and 600 conversions over 30 days for data-driven attribution to be effective, according to Google. For marketers that do qualify, transactions will be matched back to their Google ads "in a secure and privacy-safe way, and only report on aggregated and anonymized store sales to protect your customer data," Ramaswamy noted. However, the advocacy organization behind Consumer Reports does not find those protections completely reassuring. "Coordinating all those different online and offline data points into one single person's profile has basically been the holy grail of advertising for years now," the organization noted today in an article on its Consumerist Web publication. "That said, 'anonymity' is pretty much anything but. If anyone's looking at your digital breadcrumbs, they can be reasonably sure you are you from shockingly little data." Companies track and monitor so they can advertise to consumers, Renate Samson, chief executive of the U.K.-based privacy organization Big Brother Watch, told the BBC today. "If we don't want them to do that, take control; don't give your email address for a digital receipt, check the terms and conditions, avoid using loyalty cards and where possible choose to pay with cash," he said. Image credit: iStock. Read more on: Google, Advertising, Sales and Marketing, Customer Data, Customer Engagement, Machine Learning, Privacy, Top Tech News Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Qualcomm Showcases EV Charging 2. Computer Beats Chinese Go Champ 3. Astronauts Pull Off Urgent Repairs 4. Space Sperm Produces Healthy Mice 5. Ford Replaces CEO Mark Fields MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN WORLD WIDE WEB 1. Google Links Offline Buys, Online Ads 2. Google Ties Online Ads to Store Sales 3. Facebook's Secret Rules Exposed 4. AI, Machine Learning at Google I/O 5. What Twitter's Privacy Changes Mean SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path MicrosoftSurfacePro EchoVs.Home NetNeutrality WannaCry GradGifts Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Google Adds Family-Friendly Features to Calendar, Keep, Photos Google Adds Family-Friendly Features to Calendar, Keep, Photos By Angela Moscaritolo May 24, 2017 10:30am EST 10 Comments You can now create a family group with up to six members of your household to easily share calendar info, photos and videos, to-do lists, and notes with everyone. Constantly bugging your significant other to send you their photos from the weekend or the kids' sports schedule for the week? Google wants to restore some peace in your life. The Web giant on Tuesday announced some new family-friendly features for Calendar, Keep, and Photos that will make it easier for everyone to stay in the loop. You can now create a family group with up to six members of your household to easily share calendar info, photos and videos, to-do lists, and notes with everyone. When you create a family group on Google, you'll get a family calendar that anyone in the group can edit. This feature "makes it easy for your whole family to keep track of group activities like picnics, movie nights and reunions—all in one place," Google's product management lead for families Anita Yuen wrote in a blog post. For more information on how the family calendar feature works, head here. Related 'Family Link' Is Google's Twist on Parental Controls 'Family Link' Is Google's Twist on Parental Controls Creating a family group on Google will also make it a lot easier to share photos and videos with your loved ones. When you go to share something inside the Google Photos app, just select the new option "Family group" (which will be availabe once you're part of a family on Google) to share it with everyone. You can also share notes on Google Keep with your family group. Notes that are shared with your group will include a Family group icon (a gray house with a heart inside). Anyone in the family can edit or delete notes you share with the group. The new family features for Google Calendar, Keep, and Photos started rolling out Tuesday to users in the US, UK, Canada, Mexico, Australia, Brazil, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Russia, and Spain. Back to top Previous : B&O Play Helps Create First Beer Infused With Music Xbox Game Pass Launches June 1 Next : By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela DJI's $500 Spark Drone Launches From Your Palm Spark, DJI's smallest camera drone yet, can lift off from the palm of your hand and be controlled vi... More » Apple Wants to Teach You How to Make Apps The full-year curriculum, available as a free download in Apple's iBooks Store, promises to teach st... More » T-Mobile Will Pay Off Your Phone if You Switch From Verizon You'll need to have an iPhone 6s or newer or Google Pixel and pay T-Mobile $15 a month to insure you... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 10 Inventors Who Made No Money on Their Inventions Gadgets You'll Want in Your First Apartment WannaCry Ransomware: What You Need to Know 8 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA Windows 10 Fall Creators Update: 7 Things to Check Out How a Retired Nurse Provides Her Small Vt. Town With Internet »See More //Discover... The Best Laptops of 2017 26 Google Maps Tricks You Need to Try 19 Hidden Roku Tricks for Streaming Success »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Myce.com Home News Reviews Forum About Contact Home News Reviews Forum About Contact 0 0 Go Lexar Tough 128GB Jumpdrive review Seagate Barracuda 2TB hard drive review Micron 5100 ECO 1920GB SATA Enterprise SSD Review Ballistix sport LT 2666MHZ DDR4 RAM review Toshiba X300 6TB High Performance HDD Review Micron 5100 MAX 960GB SATA Enterprise SSD Review Corsair Force MP500 NVMe SSD review Samsung 960 EVO 250GB M.2 NVMe SSD Review Lexar C20c 64GB flash drive review – The three in one solution Crucial MX300 2TB SSD Review ADATA Ultimate SU800 256GB SSD review HyperX Predator 480GB PCIe SSD Home News Google security researchers ports Windows Defender to Linux Posted 24 May 2017 18:13 CEST by Jan Willem Aldershoff Google security researcher Tavis Ormandy has ported Windows Defender to Linux. The idea is not to make Linux more safe, the port is made to help making Windows more secure. Ormandy is a team member of Google’s Project Zero, which tries to find vulnerabilities in popular software, and recently found a critical vulnerability in the engine that is used by Windows Defender and other Microsoft security software. By exploiting the vulnerability an attacker could take over Windows without any user interaction. To find vulnerabilities a method called fuzzing is used. This method is popular amongst security researchers and involves providing invalid, unexpected, or random data as inputs to a computer program. The program is then monitored for exceptions such as crashes, or failing built-in code assertions or for finding potential memory leaks. Surprise, I ported Windows Defender to Linux. 😎https://t.co/7eP48O87Vi — Tavis Ormandy (@taviso) May 23, 2017 By porting Windows Defender Ormandy hopes to have found a scalable and efficient way of fuzzing self-contained Windows libraries on Linux.  Currently, without the Linux port, this is very challenging and efficient, according to Ormandy. His port should change that, as he explains, “I’ve found that porting components of Windows Antivirus products to Linux is often possible. This allows me to run the code I’m testing in minimal containers with very little overhead, and easily scale up testing.” To demonstrate what his software, called loadlibrary, can do, he now first ported Windows Defender. Loadlibrary is open source and available on open source hosting website Github. Related Forum: Related Tags: windows google security Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. You've got to read this! Parents asked to destroy smart doll that can be used to eavesdrop on children Fri 17 Feb 05:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff The German regulatory office for telecommunications has asked parents to destroy the ... Micron 5100 MAX 960GB SATA Enterprise SSD Review Tue 21 Feb 02:02 by JReynolds &nbsp; &nbsp; Review: Micron 5100 MAX Reviewed ... Microsoft silently extends support of original Windows 10 with 2 months Thu 16 Feb 05:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff Microsoft has decided to extend support of the original version of Windows 10 with 2 month... Google and Bing voluntarily reduce visibility of copyright infringing websites in the United Kingdom Mon 20 Feb 06:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff Google and Microsoft's Bing will voluntarily reduce the visibility of copyright infringing... European privacy watchdogs concerned about Windows 10's data collection methods Tue 21 Feb 07:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff A group of European privacy watchdogs is going to investigate whether Windows 10 properly ... Latest Comments Quote: Originally Posted by... Now, apart from very resourceful actors in the scene of surveillance and... Quote: Originally Posted by... Your Smart Phone gives out more then Windows could ever possible do. Hope this SSD will not be too bad for a Samsung computer. I will check it... Hello, thanks for your nice SSD review and recently, I do have purchased a... Censorship and copy-wrong.... “reflect our commitment to the protection of user... Myce.com settings Several settings at Myce.com can be changed, they are stored in cookies, which means they will be reset if you clear Myce.com cookies Background Change the background to a plain color or trianglified image (similar to the default image) None / Default White Black Grey Artic Blue Indian Summer Gorgeous Green Salmon On Fire Purple Rain Grey Pink Baby No tracking features At Myce most social media feature are done server side and impose no privacy risk to the visitor when not used. Several features use Javascript with you can turn off here Remove Facebook / Google Plus tracking Remove advertisements Layout Switch to the List layout for an index with chronologycally listed news items or Grid layout for a block based layout. To see the change you need to reload the page Grid(default) List Submit Back to default × Content News Reviews Forum Hardware Forums SSD and HDD Blu-ray Burners General Hardware Blank Media Memory Cards Software Forums Video Edit Burning Software Movie Copy Windows 10 Android Legal Privacy policy Terms Cookie policy About About Brand & Award guidelines Advertising Contact Powered by Philaeum Hosted by GetFlyWheel Follow us
Powersports Business Inspiring Success Through Market Intelligence News News by Brand Aprilia Arctic Cat BMW BRP Can-Am CFMOTO Ducati GEM Harley-Davidson Hisun Honda Indian Motorcycle Kawasaki KTM KYMCO Moto Guzzi Piaggio Polaris Sea-Doo Ski-Doo Slingshot Spyder Suzuki Textron Off Road Triumph Vespa Victory Yamaha Features Events Powersports Dealer Seminars 2017 Power 50 About the Power 50 Application Sponsors Power 50 Dealer Headlines Blogs From the Editors Aftermarket Dealers Dealer Consultants Service Providers Resources Digital Editions Digital Downloads Webinars Advertise Classifieds Contact Us Subscribe Enews Digital Print Home » Blog Spotlight » Boost your business with online reviews Boost your business with online reviews May 24, 2017 By Colleen Malloy Reviews are huge for your powersports dealership, and they’re more important than ever in the age of the internet. Now when people find you online, they make up their mind on the spot whether to go to you or your competitor based on the feedback your customers leave. In fact, about 90% of consumers decide whether to use your business based on positive reviews or avoid your business based on negative reviews. Not only that, but reviews are becoming more important for search engine optimization (SEO). That means the more reviews you have, the more likely you might be found online over your competitor. So what’s the best way to approach online reviews? Set up your profiles If you don’t already have Facebook, Google My Business or Yelp profiles dedicated to your dealership, sign up today. It’s becoming almost as important for businesses to have online profiles through social networks as it is to have a website. Provide great service There’s no trick to this, but it’s smart to remember that every single interaction you have with a customer can instantly become a reflection of your dealership if they decide to leave their thoughts online. Make every customer experience a good one, and if they have a problem, work hard to solve the problem in a timely and thoughtful manner instead of dismissing the issue. Some of the best reviews are the ones customers leave that explain how your dealership worked to solve their problem – it shows dedication to customer service. Ask for positive reviews It’s simple, but the easiest way to get the kind of online reviews you want is to ask for them. Once you’ve provided great service, give a friendly reminder that your customer can find you online and leave some words about the experience they had. Provide a link if you have a specific account you’d like reviews on (Yelp, Google, Facebook, etc.). If you offer a coupon for a review, you’re more likely to get positive feedback, which is why it’s a big problem in the eyes of Google. Never offer a bribe in exchange for receiving a review. Google knows this trick and will penalize your dealership’s online presence because of it. Manage negative reviews It’s almost inevitable that a customer will leave you a negative review whether or not you did everything you could to please them. You can’t make everyone happy all the time, and unfortunately that review can live on through your online profile. However, how you respond to online reviews says a lot about your dealership. Offer your apologies and reach out with an email address or phone number to take the issue offline. If the customer continues to complain, don’t engage, and never give an attitude back – prospective customers will see that and think your business isn’t friendly or easy to work with. You can’t control what your customers will say about you online, but you can steer the comments in a positive direction. Those positive reviews will help get you found and help potential customers choose to visit your dealership before they ever talk to you or even see your website. Colleen Malloy is ARI’s director of marketing. Malloy has more than a decade of experience in the powersports industry and previously served as the editor of Motorcycle & Powersports News. ARI creates award-winning software solutions that help equipment manufacturers, distributors and dealers Sell More Stuff! — online and in-store. ARI removes the complexity of selling and servicing new and used inventory, parts, garments and accessories for customers in automotive tire and wheel, powersports, outdoor power equipment, marine, RV and white goods industries. More than 22,000 equipment dealers, 195 distributors and 140 manufacturers worldwide leverage ARI’s website and eCatalog platforms to Sell More Stuff! Email: colleen.malloy@arinet.com Phone: 414/973-4323 Website: arinet.com Click here for reuse options! Copyright 2017 Powersports Business 2017-05-24 Kate Swanson Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website First Name * Last Name * Email Address * Click to cancel reply Latest News Yamaha to unveil new motorcycle at Americade May 24, 2017 Report: Harley-Davidson to build factory in Thailand May 24, 2017 Northpoint Commercial Finance acquired May 24, 2017 Honda donates two Africa Twins to California police department May 24, 2017 ARGO appoints promotions manager May 24, 2017 SUBSCRIBE https://www.facebook.com/PSBMagazine Tweets by @psbmagazine Current Issue Copyright © 2017 • Contact Us • PSB Info • Advertising Info
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Alabama Business Google Fiber pop-up shop opens at Whole Foods project in Huntsville Updated on May 24, 2017 at 12:35 PM Posted on May 24, 2017 at 12:24 PM By Lucy Berry lberry@al.com Google has launched a pop-up store at Shops at Merchants Walk, the Whole Foods-anchored retail center at Memorial Parkway and Bob Wallace Avenue in Huntsville. Huntsville artist Dustin Timbrook and his girlfriend, Molly Kitts, stand outside a Google Fiber van on May 23, 2017. Timbrook designed the artwork on the van shown in the photo above. (Courtesy) A Google Fiber spokesperson said it is a customer service center open from noon to 7 p.m. Monday through Saturday that provides a demo of the company's high-speed Internet. Visitors can also learn about Google Fiber TV and phone service. Google Fiber began offering fiber-optic Internet, TV and phone service in Huntsville on Tuesday. The first area served will be north Huntsville. "Eligible north Huntsville customers can sign up for service on site at the pop-up and schedule the installation process," Google told AL.com in an email. Prices start at $50 a month for fiber Internet cable at speeds up to 100 megabits per second (Mbps) and go to $160 a month for gigabit Internet and 220 channels of TV. Phone service is $10 extra on any plan. The first area getting service is bounded on the west by Pulaski Pike and covers all of Huntsville north of Interstate 565 to the eastern city limits. Huntsville residents who live outside the current service area can sign up for updates on when Google Fiber will be available in their area. The pop-up shop will be in place until Google's permanent Fiber Space opens. "Stay tuned for more details soon," Google said. RCP Companies Director Odie Fakhouri said there is one last 5,500-square-foot space adjacent to Google Fiber at Shops at Merchants Walk and they hope to attract a local business with a strong customer base. "We are asking the public for any local concepts they'd like to see at Merchants Walk," he said. Residents can submit ideas to odie@rcpcompanies.com. The Shops at Merchants Walk is currently home to Whole Foods, Mountain High Outfitters, Orangetheory Fitness, the Masters, Dress Up, Envy, Xtend Barre, Amazing Lash Studio, Farm Burger, Maki Fresh and Local Taco. AL.com reporter Lee Roop contributed to this story. View Comments About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Assistant now offers topical next-word keyboard suggestions Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/05/24 7:57am PDTMay 24, 2017 40 Plus 1 on G+ 57 Share on Facebook 50 Share on Twitter Total Shares147 Google News A number of interesting upgrades for the Google Assistant were announced during the I/O developer conference last week, including the option to use the keyboard as the default input method instead of voice. Now that people have had a chance to play with the new setting it's become apparent that Assistant offers its own next-word suggestions, seemingly related to current events. How this works will depend on which keyboard you're using. If you’re using Gboard, its suggestions line will be disabled entirely and those from the Assistant will be displayed instead, as you can see in the first example below. If you're using another keyboard, such as SwiftKey (shown in the second example below), you'll see Assistant's proposed next words in a supplementary line above the keyboard's own. It stands to reason the implementation is a little smoother with Google's own Gboard.   Left: Assistant suggestions with Gboard. Right: With SwiftKey, Assistant adds a second row of suggestions. From the examples shown, and others we've tested, it seems next-word suggestions from the Google Assistant work much like the instant autocomplete queries that show up when you use Google Search, in that they will change depending on what's trending at the time. This could save you a lot of time if you're searching for something related to current affairs or even recent technology news. Another potentially useful aspect of this new feature can be seen when not entering anything with the keyboard at all. At this point, Assistant will show you the last two voice queries that a linked device has dealt with. In the example below, the last two questions Artem asked his Google Home are now appearing as suggestions. That's pretty useful if you want to see the information Google Home has already read out to you in written form, or if you want to explore the topic further. If anyone comes across anything else of interest, be sure to let us know. Thanks: Kavan Trivedi and Carson Saldanha Tags assistant gboard Google keyboard real-time suggestions Swiftkey subscribe ... Previous Story Google Opinion Rewards is now available in India, Singapore, and Turkey ... Next Story Garmin announces the VIRB 360-degree action camera, can record video at 5.7k and costs $799.99 Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Naga Sridhar Tried this yesterday! I think this makes Assistant more useful than before! Its easy to engage with assistance this way! Total Insecurity Which language? English? And which country? USA? Naga Sridhar Yes and yes! F4LL0U7 Indeed, what IS going on with the Trump and Bill O'Reilly? R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ They are being awesome. Unpopular but awesome F4LL0U7 I think your definition of "awesome" might be unpopular. But I don't know, maybe I shouldn't mess with that fancy and intimidating little Trumpette flag you're wearing on your username. Adam Margeson It doesn't look like it's "Taking over GBoard's suggested words". It looks like it's just stacking the auto-suggest on top of whatever keyboard might be up and leaving GBoard's suggestions line disabled. I'm not saying that Assistant's suggestions are worse than what your keyboard might suggest, but it seems like they're never going to enable suggested words for GBoard in the Google App or Assistant. Scott Scrivens Sorry, that was phrased badly but has now been corrected. Thanks for pointing it out! Winston I don't think Gboard suggestions were ever ENabled for Google Assistant in the first place. It wasnt in Google Search. andy_o The word suggestions are enabled on Assistant, have been since the beginning (since i/o). I depend on them cause I swipe, hopefully this new feature doesn't take that away. Vorastra http://i.imgur.com/oDS1j4z.png Adam Margeson Wierd. Apparently things have changed a bit since I stopped using Assistant. (Switched language to US Virgin Islands to go back to Now On Tap) Adam Margeson Kinda my point. They still haven't enabled it, Assistant is just providing it's own suggestions. AP was talking as if it was enabling it in GBoard and then taking it over. At least, that's how I read the article. Jonathan Payne I still don't have the keyboard option...so cool I guess? Andrew Palmer Try a reboot? Mine arrived quickly which surprised me. makapav Yeah me neither. I still haven't gotten around to setting up the voice personalization between myself and my wife on our Google homes. Maybe that's what I need to do first. Tobias S. And I still don't have the assistant at all.. ddevito So...Google Search? Jesus Google just make it all one app and one consistent experience. Exalm Uhm, it actually is one app. One huge app. ddevito Not on iOS it isn't, nor is the experience all interconnected on Android. Exalm I have no idea how it is on iOS, but on Android blog I would expect people to refer to Android unless specified. :) And on Android it _is_ technically one app. Experience is another thing, and I would agree that it could be more consistent. Ganesh Jain And Google Assistant is not available on my S7edge(Indian veriant) with Google Beta app installed... Abhilash Bingi Try changing your system language to English (US) Ganesh Jain It's on English US Ram S Charan Update your Google play services David Hyman I don't have this yet :( Exalm A question to people who already have this or the new query history: what Google app version do you have? Zaman It is still a kind of proof of concept. Still pretty unriable. Try to update your calendar with that voice control - miss or hit... Using keyboard is still the only option if you want to have the thing done quickly, especialy with a help of an app like that one: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.a3w4u.addquickeventfree Marcelove What's going on with Trump? He is showing his moves... https://youtu.be/eFOyCwCRTgw Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 10 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.746s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google is adding an option to disable all network media notifications on Chromecast and Google Home devices Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/05/23 9:51am PDTMay 23, 2017 32 Plus 1 on G+ 127 Share on Facebook 70 Share on Twitter Total Shares229 Chromecast Google Google Home News The addition of Chromecast network notifications probably seemed like a good idea at the time. They allow you to control media even if you aren't the one who started playback. However, you see those notifications on your device even if you're not watching or listening to the content, and you can end up with multiple cast notifications on a busy network. Google is finally making these notifications optional with a toggle that turns off all the network notifications for your Chromecast or Google Home. Previously, you could only disable the notifications on a per device basis. So, each person on your network had to go into their Google settings and turn off the notifications. According to Google's Chromecast support page, there's a toggle in the Google Home app that can disable the notifications for all content at the network level. Casting to the device will no longer produce a media notification for anyone on your network. Here's now you do it... or how you will eventually. Open the Google Home app. In the top right corner of the Home screen, tap Devices to see available Chromecast devices. Scroll to find the device card for the Chromecast you'd like prevent sending cast notifications. In the top right corner of the device card, tap the device card menu. Under Device info, turn "Let others control your casted media" off. Google seems to have jumped the gun a little adding this to the support page. No one on the AP team has this option in settings yet, even those of us in the preview program. Give it a few days and the toggle will probably appear. Source: Google Support Tags chromecast Google google home notifications subscribe ... Previous Story Instagram 10.22 adds Location and Hashtag Stories to the Explore tab [APK Download] ... Next Story [Update: APK Download] Snapchat adds support for group Stories Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments obk88 about damn time...this is so annoying Paul_Werner If media apps didn't have so many disconnects I'd be more excited about removing the extra notification. This usually saves me when my remote isn't nearby to pause something I'm watching Régis Knechtel https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/bdc26dc659652bf4327d7529629202ff2b4029b31075a2365de69c6365283112.gif Paul_Werner Aw, she looks so sad. It's OK, hopefully Google will fix it... someday. LOL Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ I strangely have the exact opposite problem. If I start playing some music on my Google Home and stop it later (or it stops itself), I'll still have a streaming notification sitting on my phone hours later. Sadly because there is no other interface I'll have to leave that device enabled, but I can finally switch off my SHIELD and Chromecasts! Bartek Juszczak I've been on both sides of that. Sometimes the notification is there for hours when it shouldn't be an you can't swipe it away. Other times the notification of the app that's casting disappears for no reason and this one half saves me though not too much cause all you can do is pause. It's all just quite broken Bartek Juszczak Yeah the casting system is still a bit of a broken mess. With a Chromecast Audio I still can't say "Ok Google, play music on my chromecast", it just doesn't work with audio. With Google Play Music I still can't start playback on my computer. Apps disconnect and casting breaks all the time. Notifications get stuck. Different track name is displayed to what's playing etc. Unable to do anything but pause and play via the notification, should be able to skip tracks, change volume etc etc. Sometimes it all *barely* works. Gailjrobinson Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sv136c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sv136c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs426DigitalFishGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sv136c:....,..... YaKillaCJ The real issue is Google needs to fix the connection issues. Even on stable and great networks, Casting disconnect. Networks where UPnP devices wouldn't skip a beat. We really should have advanced options to refresh rates and option to disable sleep while casting for example. Also part of the issue is the lack of ability to use Casting while offline. I shouldn't have to be online for casting local content. All I'm saying is to fix the real issues and they wouldn't have to try and force annoying notifications to everyone. theProffer I still think it has something to do with Doze. Notifications, casting, bluetooth, etc, wasn't a problem for me until Google put that out there. Could this just be coincidental? Absolutely. It was just something I noticed on my end. YaKillaCJ Doze and other factors does play a role. Some roms however lets you control and add exceptions. Even then, it's an issue, as I stated above. Use cases where UPnP doesn't drop at all, Casting does. 4Ui812 I turned this shit off on my phone as soon as they added it. I kept shutting off other people's cast by accident thinking I was the one who started it. boop Seem like it's broken on O anyway Ryan It should have been an "opt in" feature. I cant say how many times my girlfriend would break casting before we figured this out. Bartek Juszczak It shouldn't have been. This means that if my grandparents get chromecasts/cast devices, it will be super easy for them, either of them can pause or control any chromecast at any time, it's super convenient and if it's not on by default they'll never know it exists. What it should be is a pre-selected option during the initial cast device setup "Allow others in my home to see and control what's playing." Ryan "Allow others in my home to see and control what's playing.", So opt in then? And odds are your grandparents were more likely to constantly just be shutting eachothers casts off like everyone else. Bartek Juszczak Opt-in as in not on by default but can be turned on? This would be preselected as on, if you just quickly skip through the setup it would be on. If you pay more attention you can untick it. Opt in would mean most people wouldn't have it, either because they skipped through setup quickly or because it's unticked by default, so if they're not familiar with it it feels safer to leave it off. And no, a lot of people do use it as intended and not to switch each other's stuff off. Though if the notification said who's casting, had next, previous and volume control buttons, it would be far more useful. YaKillaCJ I disagree. I see it as a nuisance, invasion of privacy, and lacks useful functionality. The very idea is that the device that started the casting is the remote. Not every connected device becomes a remote. I can see and understand its use case but it should definitely have been opt in. keithzg Yeah, one of the upsides of the functionality as it is, is that it helps make Chromecasting easy for my parents. They can even outright forget which device they were casting from yet still turn off Netflix when they're ready to go to bed, for instance. Cory S I live alone, so the most annoying thing about these notifications for me is they aren't consistent. I never know if I pull my phone out of my pocket if the damn thing will be there or not. nxtiak I wish we can ADJUST the volume. I have Google Home playing to my Chrome Audio in my kitchen, sucks that I can't adjust the volume of it using this notification. neoKushan It's not just the volume, all you can really do with the notification is pause and stop. I find this incredibly frustrating, if I've got the app installed I should be able to have full control, or at the very least next/previous - you know, basic media controls for your media notification. Cliff Robertson Oh boy. The notifications I blocked months ago will have a setting to turn it off... Shane Hull Blocked it how? trwnh Thank God. Finally. Richard Branches https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9718c51c9544e88fcd9c489ee5cca7dd7feaef70a61d54217bdbdbd76015224e.gif whispy_snippet The thing is, I actually like the feature on my home network. I'd prefer to keep it on. But what DOES annoy me is when I get two cast notifications for something I'VE cast. Has this been addressed yet? duke69111 This is a device by device basis. Alvar Lagerlof Finally people in my school can't turn off everything we're casting Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 18 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 35 1 Year Ago Today Google Is Preparing To Add The Raspberry Pi 3 To AOSP, It Will Apparently Become An Officially Supported Device 2016/05/24 2:21pm PDTMay 24, 2016 264 2 Years Ago Today An Exclusive Early Look At The New Google Photos App 2015/05/24 10:36am PDTMay 24, 2015 18 3 Years Ago Today ZeroLemon's 9500mAh Extended Battery For The LG G Pro 2 Is Now On Sale For $50 2014/05/24 4:39pm PDTMay 24, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Sci-Fighters, Judge Dredd: Countdown Sec 106, Race Illegal, Mensa Academy, And RE-VOLT Free 2013/05/24 7:11pm PDTMay 24, 2013 41 5 Years Ago Today Better Than Magic - Stick Your Phone To A Wall, Treadmill, Or... Ceiling With PU Pads From The Makers Of Capta 2012/05/24 5:09pm PDTMay 24, 2012 22 6 Years Ago Today HTC "Reviewing" Its Bootloader Policy - We'll Believe It When We See It 2011/05/24 5:16pm PDTMay 24, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today That Was Quick: EVO 4G’s Already Been Rooted 2010/05/24 4:09pm PDTMay 24, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 113 queries | 0.466s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
57° High: 71°   Low: 56° Fri Sat Sun Log in | Register Home News Top Stories Recent News Obituaries Town Square Blogs Meet our Bloggers Most Recent Posts A&E Features and Reviews Calendar Movies Restaurants Real Estate Print Edition Current Edition Archives Special Publications Promotions & Contests Classifieds Join Support Local Journalism Promotions & Contests Contact Submit News Tip/Photo Submit Calendar Item Sign up for Express Contact Info Delivery & Subscription Services News 7 Uploaded: Wed, May 24, 2017, 10:08 am Hangar One restoration to take until 2025 by Mark Noack / Mountain View Voice Hangar One -- the landmark structure at Moffett Field, was stripped down to its steel skeleton. Google subsidiary Planetary Ventures agreed to restore Hangar One as part of a lease deal with NASA for operation of Moffett's runways. Photo by Michelle Le Google's pledge to restore and reskin Moffett Field's iconic Hangar One is going to take longer than originally anticipated. The tech firm is now reporting the job likely won't be done until 2025. The news came out during a report by Google's subsidiary Planetary Ventures last week at the Moffett Field Restoration Advisory Board meeting. Planetary Ventures project manager Anthony LaMarca said the company had just finished testing out different methods to remove toxic coatings from the steel structure. Right now the company is investigating how to build scaffolding to replace the skin that had covered the huge steel framework. "We're looking to be as efficient as possible, but it's hard to say (when we'll be done). All our schedules are subject to change." LaMarca told the advisory board. "By the time we get through all these steps, the skin will be done by 2025. That's quite a ways out." Other problems have emerged for the smaller hangars Two and Three. Planetary Ventures is working to repair the door of Hangar Two. Meanwhile, structural engineers are trying to figure out how to reinforce the wooden framework of Hangar Three, which has deteriorated and is sagging in areas. Both hangars also reportedly have significant trichloroethylene (TCE) and tetrachloroethylene contamination in the soil. LaMarca reported that Planetary Ventures is planning to install an underground depressurization system at Hangar Two to mitigate the pollution. Correction: An earlier version of this story incorrectly identified the coating being removed from Hangar One. Comments 10 people like this Posted by resident a resident of Old Mountain View 12 hours ago Removing all the TCE from the soil is much more important than putting the skin back on the hangers. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       11 people like this Posted by J a resident of Whisman Station 11 hours ago How about this: maybe Google doesn't get to break ground on the Glass Palace of Hooli until they finish this? I'm kind of over Google starting things they never get around to seeing through... Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       9 people like this Posted by No money in it a resident of Willowgate 10 hours ago Google may figure there ain't much (or any) profit in fulfilling that promise. So just put it off for a decade or two or three or four. Another fine "corporate citizen." Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Like this comment Posted by Resident a resident of Blossom Valley 4 hours ago For those of us who can no longer remember the original companies whose buildings in Mountain View are now used by Google, LinkedIn and Apple, there were times we all thought those companies would make major contributions to Mountain View. But then again we can go back further to the time when Mountain View and Sunnyvale fought hard to bring the AIRBASE Sunnyvale CAL to this Mountain View location and build one of the world's free standing structures... and look what they left us. Wonder where Google will be in 2025. Guessing Hangar 1 will not be a priority with them. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Like this comment Posted by AllViolets a resident of Another Mountain View Neighborhood 3 hours ago Good Christ, did anyone really think they'd jump on fixing that!! It's so costly and non profitable, and well they'll think about it again in 10 years Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Like this comment Posted by swissik a resident of Waverly Park 2 hours ago I like the structure as it is now, just the steel ribs, no skin. I also think it would look fabulous if it were painted the same color as the GG bridge in SF. Would become a giant sculpture and a focal point in the South Bay. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Like this comment Posted by Roy a resident of North Whisman 54 minutes ago This hanger will outlive Google. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Don't miss out on the discussion! Sign up to be notified of new comments on this topic. Email: Post a comment Posting an item on Town Square is simple and requires no registration. Just complete this form and hit "submit" and your topic will appear online. Please be respectful and truthful in your postings so Town Square will continue to be a thoughtful gathering place for sharing community information and opinion. All postings are subject to our TERMS OF USE, and may be deleted if deemed inappropriate by our staff. We prefer that you use your real name, but you may use any "member" name you wish. Name: * Select your neighborhood or school community: * Not sure? Neighborhoods - Another Mountain View Neighborhood - Bailey Park - Blossom Valley - Castro City - Cuernavaca - Cuesta Park - Gemello - Jackson Park - Martens-Carmelita - Monta Loma - North Bayshore - North Whisman - Old Mountain View - Rengstorff Park - Rex Manor - Shoreline West - Slater - St. Francis Acres - Stierlin Estates - Sylvan Park - The Crossings - Waverly Park - Whisman Station - Willowgate School communities Other - another community Comment: * Verification code: * Enter the verification code exactly as shown, using capital and lowercase letters, in the multi-colored box. *Required Fields Top Blogs Cherries and Berries By Laura Stec | 1 comment | 401 views View all local blogs   2017 Best Of Don't forget to vote! Don't forget to cast your ballot online. Voting ends May 29th. Stay tuned for the results in the July 21st issue of the Mountain View Voice. VOTE HERE Index Home News TownSquare A&E Home & Real Estate Obituaries Send News Tips Join Print Edition/Archives Fogster Classifieds Express / Weekend Express Special Pubs Circulation & Delivery Promotions About Us Contact Us Advertising Info Terms of Use Privacy Policy   Palo Alto Online The Almanac TheSixFifty.com © 2017 Mountain View Online All rights reserved.   Embarcadero Media   PR MediaRelease   Mobile site
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Technology & Science CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Technology & Science Quirks & Quarks Blog Spark Photo Galleries Google's AI wins Go match in China, but blocks online broadcast Event given little coverage in newspapers and broadcasters The Associated Press Posted: May 24, 2017 11:54 AM ET Last Updated: May 24, 2017 11:54 AM ET Chinese Go player Ke Jie, left, looks at the board as a person makes a move on behalf of Google's artificial intelligence program, AlphaGo, during a game of Go at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen in eastern China's Zhejiang Province. (Chinatopix via Associated Press) Related Stories Big Brother collecting big data — and in China, it's all for sale 4 charged in massive Yahoo hack, including Hamilton man ​Internet users outside China watched a computer defeat its national go champion, but few Chinese web surfers could see it. Censors blocked access to Tuesday's online broadcast by Google, which organized the game in a town west of Shanghai during a forum on artificial intelligence. Robots rising: How far do we want them to go? Google builds an AI to fight online hatred The event got little coverage from Chinese newspapers and broadcasters, suggesting they may have received orders to avoid mentioning Google, which closed its China-based search engine in 2010 in a dispute over censorship and computer hacking. The official response to the game, a major event for go and artificial intelligence, reflects the conflict between the ruling Communist Party's technology ambitions and its insistence on controlling what its public can see, hear and read. The possible reason for suppressing coverage while allowing Google to organize the event in Wuzhen was unclear. Censorship orders to Chinese media are officially secret and government officials refuse to confirm whether online material is blocked. The event showcased AlphaGo, which beats top players at Go, a 25 century-old game played with black and white stones on a chessboard-style grid. It is one of the last games that computers have yet to dominate. Tuesday's game took place in a hall where Chinese leaders hold the annual World Internet Conference, an event attended by global internet companies. Spectators watch a video screen as Go player Ke Jie plays a match against Google's artificial intelligence program, AlphaGo, during the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen in eastern China's Zhejiang Province. The game was not broadcast as censors blocked access to Tuesday's online broadcast by Google. (Peng Peng/Associated Press) Newspapers and websites reported AlphaGo's victory over Ke Jie in the first of three games they are to play this week. The reports were brief, even though Ke's post-game news conference was packed with scores of reporters, and none mentioned Google. There was no TV coverage, even though go has millions of fans in China and Ke, a 19-year-old prodigy, is a celebrity. Google says 60 million people in China watched online as AlphaGo played South Korea's go champion in March 2016. The Communist government encourages internet use for business and education but operates an elaborate system of monitoring and censorship. Censors block access to websites include social media and video-sharing websites such as Facebook and YouTube. Chinese internet companies are required to employ teams of censors to watch social media and remove banned material. Prickly relationship China has the world's biggest population of internet users, with some 730 million people online by the end of last year, according to government data. Web surfers can get around online filters using virtual private networks, but Beijing has cracked down on use of those. Beijing's relationship with Google is especially prickly. The company, headquartered in Mountain View, California, opened a China-based search site in 2006 and co-operated with official censorship. That prompted complaints from human rights and other activists and free press groups such as Reporters Without Borders. In 2010, Google announced it no longer wanted to comply after hacking attacks on the company were traced to China. The company shut down its China search engine and visitors were automatically transferred to another Google service in Hong Kong. That stopped after Chinese authorities objected. Online filters slow access to the Hong Kong site enough to discourage many users. AlphaGo and Ke are to play their second game on Thursday. © The Associated Press, 2017 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Top News Headlines Vote recount leaves B.C. Liberals one seat short of a majority video Father, 2 brothers of Manchester bomber detained as police hunt for 'network' video Justice minister's father calls missing and murdered inquiry a 'bloody farce' audio UBC student blinded by domestic attack graduates law school audio Republican candidate charged with misdemeanour assault of reporter Latest Technology & Science News Headlines Temperatures to 'teeter-totter' across Canada this summer Report on failed European Mars lander concludes brief, unexpected spin to blame 'They all have plastic inside them': Film shows pollution's impact on Pacific albatrosses Zika virus hit earlier than thought in Brazil, Florida, genome tests reveal read comments Google's AI wins Go match in China, but blocks online broadcast Quirks & Quarks The puzzle of pain: Opioids are killing some, but saving others Stay out of my brain, a Hollywood dinosaur and the Nose Knows Most Viewed Report on failed European Mars lander concludes brief, unexpected spin to blame 7.2-million-year-old pre-human fossils challenge modern human evolution theory Google's AI wins Go match in China, but blocks online broadcast Google plans to 'fix' Toronto by building smart city Blockchain technology behind Bitcoin could be a game-changer, proponents say Canadians 'reluctant' to accept new police powers, prefer privacy online, government finds 1.9 million Bell customer email addresses stolen by 'anonymous hacker' Avoid applying Vicks VapoRub to babies, pediatricians say Leaked Facebook documents show types of content it allows, says report Why it's so hard to land on Mars: Bob McDonald Don't Miss Space Canadian Space Agency gets $80.9 million to develop new technologies As It Happens Meteorologists posit new theory behind 'blood red' sky in Munch's The Scream Early humans Study suggests humans were in North America 100,000 years earlier than believed Q&A Say what? How a Canadian company can clone your voice Robotics The next big thing in construction robotics is building big Ouch Spider bites tourist below the belt Quirks & Quarks Pulling Water from Air, Vibrating Buildings and Support for Research Needs a Rethink Q&A Can't hack it in high altitudes? It's all about genetics Fossils University of Toronto researchers discover 507-million-year old sea creature Space NASA successfully pilots spacecraft between Saturn and its rings Climate change Climate change causes glacial river in Yukon to change direction Sea creatures Candy-striped hermit crab discovered in Caribbean Cannibals Early cannibalism not likely about the nutrition Geology Researchers confirm 'lost continent' below Mauritius Sea Dragon Newly discovered ruby sea dragon seen alive in wild for 1st time Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Machine Learning Innovations Help Google To Understand Purchase Intent “It analyzes trillions of search queries and activity across millions of websites to help figure out when people are close to buying and surface ads that will be more relevant and interesting to them.” Business who are looking to expand their organic website traffic will be able to do so by using this in-market audience feature. The feature allows for targeting of those who have already made searches within the business’s category of products and services. Google AdWords Begins Using Machine Learning to Understand Purchase Intent. One of the most notable machine learning innovations that Google AdWords has announced recently is the addition of in-market audiences for search ads. Businesses who are looking to expand their organic website traffic will be able to do so by using this in-market audience feature. The feature allows for targeting of those who have already made searches within the business’s category of products and services. The way in-market audiences utilizes machine learning is explained by Google here: “It analyzes trillions of search queries and activity across millions of websites to help figure out when people are close to buying and surface ads that will be more relevant and interesting to them.” Google Attribution Google Attribution is another feature Google AdWords will be rolling out in the near future that also relies on machine learning technology. Combining data from AdWords, Analytics, and DoubleClick, businesses can gain greater insight into the effectiveness of their marketing. This new innovation will be able to collect data at all stages of the customer journey. When the customer first touches the brand to when they click “buy”, the system will be able to measure it all. At that point, data-driven attribution will determine the credit assigned to each stage of the purchase process using machine learning. Currently, Google Attribution is only available in beta to a limited number of advertisers. The company says it will be rolled out to more advertisers in the coming months. At this point in time, only a limited number of advertisers will be able to try Google Attribution in Beta. The system will be rolled out to more advertisers in the coming months according to Google. Store Sales Measurement The last new innovation announced by Google was store sales measurement at the device and campaign levels. This new feature will be coming to Adwords in the near future and will allow advertisers to measure the revenue earned in-store from online advertising efforts. That means businesses will soon be able to use AdWords to track both store visits that were generated from online ads, and how much revenue was earned from those visits. Being able to track store visits and how much revenue was generated by those visits should help business owners gain more visibility into the effectiveness of their Adwords advertising dollars. Media Contact Company Name: Seattle Web Works Contact Person: Tylor Bennett Email: tylor@seattlewebworks.com Phone: 206-429-8237 City: Seattle State: WA Country: United States Website: www.seattlewebworks.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsMarketing & Sales, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Potassium Hexacyanocobaltate Market boosting the growth Worldwide: Market dynamics and trends, efficiencies Forecast 2020 Next PostNext Zinc Cyanide Market Outlook to 2021: Emerging Trends and Will Generate New Growth Opportunities Status Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Machine Learning Innovations Help Google To Understand Purchase Intent “It analyzes trillions of search queries and activity across millions of websites to help figure out when people are close to buying and surface ads that will be more relevant and interesting to them.” Business who are looking to expand their organic website traffic will be able to do so by using this in-market audience feature. The feature allows for targeting of those who have already made searches within the business’s category of products and services. Google AdWords Begins Using Machine Learning to Understand Purchase Intent. One of the most notable machine learning innovations that Google AdWords has announced recently is the addition of in-market audiences for search ads. Businesses who are looking to expand their organic website traffic will be able to do so by using this in-market audience feature. The feature allows for targeting of those who have already made searches within the business’s category of products and services. The way in-market audiences utilizes machine learning is explained by Google here: “It analyzes trillions of search queries and activity across millions of websites to help figure out when people are close to buying and surface ads that will be more relevant and interesting to them.” Google Attribution Google Attribution is another feature Google AdWords will be rolling out in the near future that also relies on machine learning technology. Combining data from AdWords, Analytics, and DoubleClick, businesses can gain greater insight into the effectiveness of their marketing. This new innovation will be able to collect data at all stages of the customer journey. When the customer first touches the brand to when they click “buy”, the system will be able to measure it all. At that point, data-driven attribution will determine the credit assigned to each stage of the purchase process using machine learning. Currently, Google Attribution is only available in beta to a limited number of advertisers. The company says it will be rolled out to more advertisers in the coming months. At this point in time, only a limited number of advertisers will be able to try Google Attribution in Beta. The system will be rolled out to more advertisers in the coming months according to Google. Store Sales Measurement The last new innovation announced by Google was store sales measurement at the device and campaign levels. This new feature will be coming to Adwords in the near future and will allow advertisers to measure the revenue earned in-store from online advertising efforts. That means businesses will soon be able to use AdWords to track both store visits that were generated from online ads, and how much revenue was earned from those visits. Being able to track store visits and how much revenue was generated by those visits should help business owners gain more visibility into the effectiveness of their Adwords advertising dollars. Media Contact Company Name: Seattle Web Works Contact Person: Tylor Bennett Email: tylor@seattlewebworks.com Phone: 206-429-8237 City: Seattle State: WA Country: United States Website: www.seattlewebworks.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsMarketing & Sales, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Potassium Hexacyanocobaltate Market boosting the growth Worldwide: Market dynamics and trends, efficiencies Forecast 2020 Next PostNext Zinc Cyanide Market Outlook to 2021: Emerging Trends and Will Generate New Growth Opportunities Status Search Recent Posts United States Schottky Diodes Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Ion-Exchange Chromatography Columns Sales Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast 2021 Industrial Wireless Transmitter Sales Market Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2021 Buttermilk Powder Market to be at Forefront by 2024 Handheld Demagnetizer Sales Industry Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     BUSINESS NEWS FOR TECHNOLOGY DECISION-MAKERS. UPDATED 8 MINUTES AGO. Home Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content You are here: Home / Innovation / Computer Beats Chinese Go Champ Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Computer Beats Chinese Champion in Ancient Board Game of Go PUBLISHED: MAY 24 2017 A computer defeated China's top player of the ancient board game go on Tuesday, earning praise that it might have finally surpassed human abilities in one of the last games machines have yet to dominate. Google's AlphaGo won the first of three planned games this week against Ke Jie, a 19-year-old prodigy, in this town west of Shanghai. The computer will also face other top-ranked Chinese players during the five-day event. AlphaGo beat Ke by a half-point, "the closest margin possible," according to Demis Hassabis, founder of DeepMind, the Google-owned company in London that developed AlphaGo. AlphaGo has improved markedly since it defeated South Korea's top competitor last year and is a "completely different player," Ke told reporters. "For the first time, AlphaGo was quite human-like," Ke said. "In the past it had some weaknesses. But now I feel its understanding of go and the judgment of the game is beyond our ability." Go players take turns putting white or black stones on a rectangular grid with 361 intersections, trying to capture territory and each other's pieces by surrounding them. Competitors play until both agree there are no more places to put stones or one quits. The game, which originated in China more than 25 centuries ago, has avoided mastery by computers even as they surpassed humans in most other games. They conquered chess in 1997 when IBM Corp.'s Deep Blue system defeated champion Garry Kasparov. Go, known as weiqi in China and baduk in Korea, is considered more challenging because the near-infinite number of possible positions requires intuition and flexibility. Players had expected it to be at least another decade before computers could beat the best humans due to go's complexity and reliance on intuition, but AlphaGo surprised them in 2015 by beating a European champion. Last year, it defeated South Korea's Lee Sedol. AlphaGo was designed to mimic such intuition in tackling complex tasks. Google officials say they want to apply those technologies to areas such as smartphone assistants and solving real-world problems. AlphaGo defeated Lee in four out of five games during a weeklong match in March 2016. Lee lost the first three games, then won the fourth, after which he said he took advantages of weaknesses including AlphaGo's poor response to surprises. Following Lee's surprise victory, "we went back to try and improve the architecture and the system," said Hassabis. "We believe we have fixed that knowledge gap but of course there could be many other new areas that it doesn't know and that we don't know either." Go is hugely popular in Asia, with tens of millions of players in China, Japan and the Koreas. Google said a broadcast of Lee's 2016 match with AlphaGo was watched by an estimated 280 million people. Players have said AlphaGo enjoys some advantages because it doesn't get tired or emotionally rattled, two critical aspects of the mentally intense game. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Google. Read more on: Google, AlphaGo, China, Artificial Intelligence, DeepMind, Machine Learning Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Google Links Offline Buys, Online Ads 2. Qualcomm Showcases EV Charging 3. Computer Beats Chinese Go Champ 4. Microsoft Launches New Surface Pro 5. Apple, Samsung Lose Phone Share MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN INNOVATION 1. Computer Beats Chinese Go Champ 2. Showcase for Special Ops Gizmos 3. Microsoft Steps Up Move into VR 4. Musk's Neuralink Plugs Into Brains 5. German Scientists Test 'Artificial Sun' NEWSFACTOR BUSINESS REPORT Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Tech News All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Dave Parrack The Desktop Player All Google Play Music Users Need Entertainment Linux The Desktop Player All Google Play Music Users Need Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 6 Artificial Intelligence Apps That Will Help You Reach Your Goals Self Improvement 6 Artificial Intelligence Apps That Will Help You Reach Your Goals Kayla Matthews May 24, 2017 24-05-2017 6 minutes 6 Artificial Intelligence Apps That Will Help You Reach Your Goals Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Artificial intelligence isn’t coming — it’s already here. Stanford University’s “One Hundred Year Study on Artificial Intelligence” report from 2016 is close to the truth. AI already impacts our lives on a daily basis. The study’s expert panel expects to see AI integrated into industries like elder care, education and public safety by 2030. “The field of AI is shifting toward building intelligent systems that can collaborate effectively with people.” Tech companies are, of course, trendsetters when it comes to new technologies, and AI is no different. In fact, Google has been using AI through an algorithm it calls RankBrain, a machine-learning way to sort through all those Google Search results. While companies use AI to help them reach their business goals, AI can help you achieve personal goals 3 Magical Ways Artificial Intelligence Can Save Your Time 3 Magical Ways Artificial Intelligence Can Save Your Time Artificial intelligence is cutting edge. But the ultimate goal is to simplify our lives We look at how AI can write your emails, schedule your meetings, and save you time. Read More at work or in your day-to-day life. Here are six AI apps you can use right now to help you meet almost any goal you can think of. 1. MyKAI What better way to start chasing your ambitions than saving up the money to do so? MyKAI is an AI-powered chatbot to manage your money and track your spending. Two big perks of MyKAI are: It’s completely free to use. You can connect to your Kai chatbot over Facebook Messenger, your SMS application, or Slack, so there’s sure to be a way for everyone to access the bot. There’s no learning curve to it. It understands natural, conversational language. The more you chat with your Kai bot, the more it learns about you and your personal finance goals. All you have to do is sign up on the MyKAI website and connect your bank accounts. The bot is compatible with over 20,000 US banks and credit card companies, and works across multiple accounts. Of course, you wouldn’t give your banking data to just any chatbot, but MyKAI was created by Kasisto, a spin-off company from the one that created Apple’s famous Siri. Banks DBS and Wells Fargo also back Kasisto. According to the company’s website, MyKAI was designed to be extremely secure: “No personal or financial data is ever stored, and MyKAI uses read-only data about accounts from a secure independent aggregator.” If you’re ready to get a better handle on your finances with minimal effort, consider giving MyKAI a go. Sign Up — MyKAI for iOS, Android, and Windows Phone (Free) 2. Time The Time app uses AI and statistics to help you stave off procrastination and finish tasks well ahead of deadlines. The app has a to-do list interface 8 Super Simple To-Do List Tools to Keep You Focused 8 Super Simple To-Do List Tools to Keep You Focused A to-do list is the simplest productivity system. These eight minimalist to-do list tools are for tracking your daily tasks without the fuss. Read More , allowing you to easily add new assignments, hold and drag to reorder, or swipe left to delete. When you tap on one of the tasks, a timer begins and the on-screen color changes from green to yellow to red as time passes. If you don’t meet your desired time for a given task, you’re not off the hook. The app then starts counting up to pressure you to make it to the finish line. The app’s AI comes into play over time, learning how you work and offering you personalized suggestions on productivity. You can also look at a visualization of how much time you’ve worked, saved, and added during each given hour. This helps you get a better idea of tasks you completed quickly and those that took extra time. Time acts as a nudge to help you get things done. It also helps get you into the habit of resisting procrastination. Download — Time for iOS ($0.99) 3. Trevor Many AI chatbots 8 Bots You Should Add to Your Facebook Messenger App 8 Bots You Should Add to Your Facebook Messenger App Facebook Messenger has opened up to chat bots, allowing companies to deliver customer service, news and more directly to you via the app. Here are some of the best ones available. Read More have humanized names, and this one is called Trevor. The app is a personal assistant that connects with your phone’s task list and calendar to help you manage time more efficiently. If you know what needs to be completed but have trouble with the time to get it done, try this app once. Using your text-messaging interface, you may tell Trevor you need to buy groceries. Based on data you’ve already put on your calendar, the app comes up with a list of suggested times that would work best for the task. You then text back your desired day and time, and the app will automatically schedule the task on your calendar. For now, the Trevor app integrates with iOS Reminders and Todoist, with more apps coming soon. Download — Trevor for iOS (Free) 4. LifeTracker One of the conveniences your smartphone offers is the ability to give you notifications from a variety of apps. Sometimes that’s more of a curse than a blessing, however, as your phone becomes bogged down by notification clutter. The idea behind the LifeTracker app is to avoid that clutter by delivering reminders about your most important tasks 8 Amazing, Life-Improving Uses for Google Now Reminders 8 Amazing, Life-Improving Uses for Google Now Reminders Google Now has built-in reminders, but are you using them to their full extent? Read More when the time and place are right. First, you pick relevant context for all your activities, then take on individual tasks at a time and place that works for you. The app learns this activity and syncs with your “personal life rhythm” to give you regular, relevant reminders. The app comes with two caveats for those in the U.S. The Android version is only available in the U.K. and the iOS version is in beta. Download — LifeTracker for iOS and Android (Free) 5. Talla For meeting your goals at work, think of Talla as a service assistant that automates answers to internal questions from employees, and manages and prioritizes work requests. The web app works through the Slack and Microsoft Teams platforms. The app will help you save time as it learns how your organization functions. You can train it to automatically handle repetitive jobs or queries 7 Daily Tasks You Didn't Know You Could Automate in a Few Minutes 7 Daily Tasks You Didn't Know You Could Automate in a Few Minutes There are many things you can automate now that will save you time and allow you to focus on other things. We give you seven things you can automate right now with the right tools. Read More , like when you get similar questions from multiple employees throughout the workday. Talla also helps with organization, using a dashboard where you can manage, prioritize and respond to tasks all in one place, rather than relying on a hodgepodge of chat messages, phone calls or emails. Talla can save time training new employees. You can teach the app to answer common questions and give new people the necessary resources to get started. There are several versions of Talla: A free starter version. A Team version for $59 per month. A Growth version for $499 per month. An Enterprise version for $5 per user per month. Download — Talla for Slack and Microsoft Teams 6. Focuster Focuster is a web-based service that integrates with Google Calendar to optimize your day-to-day schedule 5 Online AIs You Can Put to Work Right Now 5 Online AIs You Can Put to Work Right Now Artificial Intelligence are machines capable of learning, and some AIs are pretty good at learning simple tasks right now. Let's look at a few clever programs that can do everyday things for you. Read More . It gives you an idea of how much free time you have each day and helps you prioritize your various tasks. The service reorganizes your priorities until each task is done, giving you reminders along the way to help you stay focused. Focuster adapts to your schedule and helps you transform your calendar How to Optimize Google Calendar With Custom Settings How to Optimize Google Calendar With Custom Settings Have you adjusted Google Calendar's default settings to meet your needs? Just a few clicks could help you be more organized and save time. Read More from a planning tool to a productivity tool. There are three levels of service: Basic for $9.99 per month. Professional for $19.99 per month. Executive for $199 per month. Download — Focuster for Google Calendar What Do You Wish AI Could Help You Achieve? There are a variety of AI-powered productivity apps and services that can help you meet your goals, and there will undoubtedly be more to come as the technology becomes refined. One of the best things about AI is it can learn about you as you go. One of the underrated things about it is it can also help you learn about yourself as you work to meet your goals. This helps you work smarter. Aside from using these AI apps to better manage your daily tasks and goals, what do you wish AI apps like these could help you accomplish? Tell us in the comments section below. Previous PostApple Begs Android Users to Switch to iPhoneNext PostAirPods, Beats, and W1: Choosing the Best Wireless iPhone Headphones 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Kayla Matthews 108 articles Kayla Matthews is a MakeUseOf Self-Improvement and Tech Explained writer. Check out her website to read more of her latest posts. Advertisement Latest Giveaways BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending 10 Free Operating Systems You Maybe Never Realized Existed Technology Explained Linux 10 Free Operating Systems You Maybe Never Realized Existed Search Excel Spreadsheets Faster: Replace VLOOKUP With INDEX and MATCH Productivity Search Excel Spreadsheets Faster: Replace VLOOKUP With INDEX and MATCH All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Tech News All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Advertisement Related Articles Are You Using Gmail’s Oldest Secret to Reach Inbox Zero? Internet Productivity Are You Using Gmail’s Oldest Secret to Reach Inbox Zero? 5 New Productivity Apps to Stop Procrastinating and Get Back to Work Internet Productivity 5 New Productivity Apps to Stop Procrastinating and Get Back to Work How to Use Evernote as a Project Management Tool Productivity How to Use Evernote as a Project Management Tool Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
GadgetHelpline Toggle navigation Twitter Facebook YouTube Tumblr Instagram Home News Categories Apple Android Blackberry Gaming General Gadgets Digital Cameras TV’s Internet PC’s Laptops Sat Navs & GPS Home Entertainment Smart Home IoT How to Interactive Guides Lifestyle Lifestyle News Lifestyle Guides Lifestyle How To What is Gadgethelpline Lifestyle Gadget Helpline Membership Benefits Join our club Refer a friend Contact Search Join our club Home » General Gadgets » Google Assistant Cometh Google Assistant Cometh Facebook Twitter Google+ Print E-mail Posted by: Morgan Walker on 24 May, 2017 6:02 PM Google Assistant Now Google are heading into uncharted territories with AI, changes are imminent. First, we had keyboard and mouse. This evolved to keyboard and touch, now we will have vision and voice as viable input devices. This has all come about through deep learning.  We could go into an involved explanation here on how deep learning works, what a neural net is etc but we wont. Click the link below for a good, rough explanation.  “Instead of writing programs that solve the problem, we write programs that learn to solve problems.” If you are one of the early adopters and already have a Google Home, its thanks to deep learning that it can now recognise up to six members of your household.  Pretty impressive considering how different peoples voices are, especially in the U.K. where the number of dialects are almost uncountable. With in home smart cameras this means you can literally ask Google what it thinks of your outfit. Google will be able to converse with you on the outfit and suggest other items of clothing or maybe changing a colour or adding a specific accessory. Working on your car and wondering what a specific part is called so its replacement can be ordered? Just show Google the part and it should be able to at least find similar items, maybe even name it for you. The above imaginings are not in a couple of years time either.  This could literally be a few months away from fruition. Google Assistant SDK (Software developers kit) Google have recently released a set of developers tools that give manufacturers the option to install Google assistant into almost any device. This means anything you could consider a smart item will be able to converse with you. Not only this but the assistant can now support transactions and there are currently 70 plus smart home companies working with Google Assistant today. Google assistant is now available on iphone as well, watch yourself Siri!                   Facebook Twitter Google+ Print E-mail Tags: AI, deep-learning, ga, google assistant, sdk Post a comment Cancel reply Your comment * Your email address will not be shared or made public. Name * Email * Please enter an answer in digits: five × one = Related News Lens & Home Updates – Google IO 2017 Posted by Morgan Walker on 19 May, 2017 BBC iPlayer Changes & BBC Account Creation Posted by Morgan Walker on 16 May, 2017 Faster Browsing Via Chrome – Now On Android Posted by Morgan Walker on 12 May, 2017 Sailor Moon Phone by Meitu Posted by Morgan Walker on 10 May, 2017 RFID, iot and Automation – Whats It All About? Posted by Morgan Walker on 10 May, 2017 Article categories: Android, Apple iOS, Apps, Contactless Payment, Gadget News, General Gadgets, IoT, Mobile Phones, Smart Home, Wearable Tech Join our club! We are a unique technical support helpline covering the top selling gadgets in the UK. Sign up now Membership benefits Refer a friend Support and contact Cancellations Follow Gadget Helpline Tweets by @Gadget_Helpline Sponsored Link Gadget Helpline is part of the TMTI group of companies.© Copyright TMTI Ltd 2011, all rights reserved. Home Contact Gadget Helpline Terms and Conditions This site uses cookies: Find out more.Okay, thanks
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Don't Miss: CW@50: Vint Cerf's 'love affair' with tech Windows 10 Redstone: A guide to the builds Excel 2016 cheat sheet Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. For enterprise protection, antivirus software is no longer enough Read CW’s May digital magazine! How Veritas is getting its cloud on Buyers’ Guide: Prices dropping for data visualization software More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Enterprise Applications Application Development IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? Business Software in the App Age By Ben Kepes, star Thought Leader, Computerworld | May 24, 2017 9:35 AM PT Opinions expressed by ICN authors are their own. Opinion Twilio does speech recognition and understanding, the right way Twilio’s CEO Jeff Lawson never wanted to do speech recognition. So what has changed? Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Adolphe Bitard More like this Get to know the Premier 100 Class of 2017 Microsoft's custom voice recognition service hits public beta Will Alexa become my companion data analyst? Video 5 Easy Data Visualizations in R We’ve all had horrendous experiences with voice recognition when calling a support center – I’d like to think that it’s just me with my slightly unusual Kiwi accent, but everyone I talk to has similar stories of getting exasperated at an automated call center that hopelessly gets even the most basic speech recognition exercises wrong. It’s a sad reality of the modern world that organizations try to shoehorn users into solutions that aren’t yet fit for purpose, just to save some costs. The world of communications has been the focus of Jeff Lawson for the past few years. Lawson is founder and CEO of Twilio, the company that offers a modular communications platform that developers use to power the communication functions of their apps. From tiny startups to huge companies like Uber rely on Twilio to manage all the communication stuff, so that they don’t have to. in a phone conversation prior to Twilio’s annual developer conference, Signal, Lawson told me that ever since the beginnings of Twilio, back when all they did was voice communications, he has hated voice recognition. This is somewhat problematic since his customers would often ask him for speech recognition functionality to build in with the other tools that Twilio offers. Lawson, however, stuck to his guns – since, in his view, existing speech recognition offerings were really expensive, time consuming to implement and wildly inaccurate too boot, he was loathe to go anywhere near them. Fast forward to today and we see that speech recognition has come a huge way – the three big public cloud vendors, AWS, Google and Microsoft, all have their own speech recognition-powered products (Alexa, Home and Cortana respectively) and have trained their voice recognition models to extremely high levels of accuracy – indeed most speech recognition products from large technology vendors now have accuracy measures that better humans’ abilities. And so, this change in the technological building blocks and improvement in the accuracy and efficiency of speech recognition and understanding has made Lawson take stock and reassess his position. As he puts it, the time is now right for Twilio to introduce products that leverage these high-quality solutions that cloud vendors are now offering. To this end, Lawson is announcing on stage that Twilio will offer two new products – Speech Recognition and Natural Language Understanding. The obvious effectiveness of products such as Amazon Alexa and Google Home (alongside Microsoft’s early forays into Cortana-like functionality on physical devices) has encouraged Lawson to take these building blocks and wrap them into the Twilio platform. On launch, speech recognition will offer a single line of code integration that will support 89 different languages and dialects. I was interested to know, given the investments that all three big public cloud vendors (as well as IBM) are putting into this space, who Twilio is using for this initial offering. Lawson informed me that Google got the big tick. While he doesn’t dismiss the possibility of leveraging other vendors going forward, his assessment was that, at least today, Google offers the best options for Twilio’s specific use case. As he explained, a telephone use case required speech recognition algorithms to be trained differently. 11khz, 8 bit mono is a different problem than ambient speech and Google seems to have done the best job of getting the problem solved so far. Another issue that anyone in the speech recognition field needs to face is that single-word answers are easy, but conversational language is a very different story. That is where Twilio’s Natural Language Understanding product, due out later in the year, comes in. This engine can understand intent and map to code that acts on a particular intent. Thus the core intent of a spoken sentence, rather than the words themselves, are what is important. An example “Hey, do you think it’d be possible to maybe change a flight I have booked for Monday night to the next day?” becomes “intent: change flight, from: Monday pm to: Tuesday PM. The other thing that is important to note with regards Twilio Understand is that it is a distinct product and hence can be utilized as an engine to be applied to other use cases. Understand can, for example, be applied to an SMS message to get a more accurate read on what the message really means. It can be trained once, and thereafter act across many channels – it can even be used to power Amazon Alexa, I deliciously ironic fact that Google’s natural language understanding will be used to power actions on arch-rival Amazon’s device. Lawson told me that in his view the Alexa documentation is really complex, and developers need to write an application multiple times. With Twilio, however, they can write once and Twilio pushes to the relevant different platforms. Understand also uses Twilio’s TwiML programming language, therefore the same verbs that developers use to power a Twilio phone call can power Twilio understand. While speech recognition might be a bit of a departure from Lawson’s formerly held beliefs, it is a logical one and one which Twilio customers are likely to appreciate. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? Related: Application Development Cloud Computing Unified Communications (UC) Ben Kepes covers how technology helps business compete. Follow Computerworld's IT Salary Survey 2017 results You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Assistant Now Provides Topical Word Suggestions By Adnan Farooqui on 05/24/2017 09:43 PDT Google has gradually been improving its artificial intelligence-powered virtual assistant called Google Assistant. Just last week, it announced that users will now be able to type in their commands to Assistant if they don’t want to use voice commands. Assistant is also capable of offering users topical next-word keyboard suggestions so that they can punch in their commands quickly by relying on these suggestions. This feature depends on the kind of keyboard being used on the Android device. Gboard users will see the suggestions line disabled entirely and Assistant’s suggestions will be shown in that place instead. Users who have a third-party keyboard installed on their device, like Swiftkey, will see proposed next-word suggestions from Google Assistant in another line above the keyboard’s own suggestions. Having two rows of suggestions on top of a virtual keyboard that already takes up considerable screen real estate isn’t exactly ideal implementation, therefore, those who want to take advantage of this feature will be better off with Gboard. Next-word suggestions from Google Assistant appear to be very similar to autocompete queries that are displayed when using Google search. They vary depending on the context. This feature is now live and accessible to all those who have an Android smartphone that’s compatible with Google Assistant. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Google and google assistant. Related Articles 2017-05-23 Jamboard, Google's $5000 Collaborative Whiteboard, Goes On Sale 2017-05-23 Google’s AlphaGo Beats The World’s Number One Go Player 2017-05-22 Mophie Google Pixel XL Juice Pack Launched 2017-05-20 Android System Updates Can Soon Be Paused 2017-05-18 Soon You’ll Be Able To Send Money Using Google Assistant 2017-05-18 LG And GE To Add Support For Google Assistant In Their Appliances 2017-05-17 Google Assistant Picks Up New Features, Launches On iPhone 2017-05-15 Google Assistant For iOS Launch Expected Soon Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google is under fire for watching you while you shop even when you're not online Hayley Peterson May 24, 2017, 12:04 PM 8,410 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google is watching you while you shop in stores. Thomson Reuters Google has long tracked shoppers' activity online. Now it's stepping up its surveillance and watching them offline, as well.  That means that when anyone makes a purchase at the grocery store or happens to drive by a Home Depot, Google knows. It's gathering that information using data from multiple apps, from YouTube to Google Maps, combined with billions of credit-card transaction records, the company announced Tuesday.  Specifically, Google has access to about 70% of credit and debit card transactions in the US, the company said. Google is packaging all of that information together and sharing it with marketers to prove that its online ads are prompting people to make purchases, whether they buy online or in a store.  For example, Google can tell a company like Sephora how many shoppers saw an ad for eyeliner, and then later visited a Sephora store and made a purchase. This new location-tracking service tied to credit card records has raised some privacy concerns.  Google says it protects all customer data and that it doesn't collect or provide marketers with any identifying information for shoppers, such as names or credit card numbers.  The Google services "match transactions back to Google ads in a secure and privacy-safe way, and only report on aggregated and anonymized store sales to protect your customer data," the company said in a blog post.  But Paul Stephens of the consumer-advocacy group Privacy Rights Clearinghouse says the services compromise customers' private data.  "What we have learned is that it's extremely difficult to anonymize data," Stephens told the Washington Post. "If you care about your privacy, you definitely need to be concerned." Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: The chain hailed by Wall Street as a 'retail treasure' runs the most disastrous store we've ever seen NOW WATCH: Everything you need to know about Echo Look — Amazon's new device that will judge the way you dress Loading video... More: Retail Google Shopping facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google is under fire for watching you while you shop even when you're not online Google is under fire for watching you while you shop even when you're not online Google has long tracked shoppers' activity... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: A deep dive into Tesla's stock price and Amazon 20 years after its IPO More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google is promising advertisers more granular data for their campaigns Mike Shields May 24, 2017, 12:00 PM 923 facebook linkedin twitter email print Adam Berry / Stringer / Getty Images See Also Facebook is promising to use its greatest asset to help media companies make more money A startup that has built digital profiles on 200 million people has raised $31 million There was something missing from the TV industry's sales extravaganza Google is promising advertisers access to more granular data on their ad campaigns, along with more flexible and powerful tools to track the performance of their advertising spending. The search giant is rolling out a new ad measurement product called Ads Data Hub which is designed to make it easier for marketers to get in-depth information on ad campaigns. Whether that will be enough for marketers who have been frustrated by Google’s closed ad buying system remains to be seen. Google is touting the product as a cloud-based measurement solution that should be more adaptable and secure than existing offerings. The company says Ads Data Hub is also designed with mobile ad campaigns in mind. For example, Google says it’s less reliant on traditional “tracking pixels” to monitor campaigns. These pixels, or small bits of code, have been common to desktop ad campaigns but don’t typically translate well on mobile devices. And marketers are increasingly advertising on multiple devices, which can compound the data they need to crunch. “Understanding customers is increasingly fragmented for marketers,” said Brad Bender, Google’s vice president of product management. “Making sense of the massive amounts of data marketers pull in is fundamentally hard.” That’s surely true. But typically, ad agencies and their marketer clients like to measure ad campaigns using third parties, and have that measurement process be detached from the company they are buying ads from. Google and Facebook have been accused of being inflexible when it comes to allowing marketers to track ad campaigns using outside vendors. Some advertisers have pushed Google to let them push their own tracking code onto YouTube’s app, for example, something Google has largely resisted. More recently, Google agreed to an audit of its ad data collection process to be administered by the Media Rating Council, an independent metrics watchdog for the media industry. Google executives say that while Ads Data Hub is not necessarily being launched as a response to that pressure, advertisers will be able to use the product to pull impression-level data for campaigns running on Google’s own sites like YouTube and across the web via the Google Display Network. And advertisers can plug in their own data from other third party sources, said Bender. “We want to enable them to bring that data and leverage it in this environment,” he said. “This should allow for custom reporting.” Google has signed on the ad buying firm Omnicom Media Group as an early test partner for Ads Data Hub. Slavi Samardzija, global CEO of Omnicom’s data-centric ad division Annalect, said that Ads Data Hub offers marketers a "whole new level of capability and flexibility within Google’s environment,” which should help them better gauge the impact of ad campaigns on their businesses. However, Samardzija noted that since the data outputs available via Ads Data Hub are “based on log-files generated by Google ... it does not address the issue of lack of third party measurement.” Get the latest Google stock price here. NOW WATCH: Former Navy SEAL commanders explain why they still wake up at 4:30 a.m. — and why you should, too Loading video... More: Google Advertising facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google is promising advertisers more granular data for their campaigns Google is promising advertisers more granular data for their campaigns Google is promising advertisers access to more... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: A deep dive into Tesla's stock price and Amazon 20 years after its IPO More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Advertising Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 25, 2:35 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology How To Use Google Updates That Make Family Sharing Of Photos, Calendars, Live TV Easier By Denisse Moreno On 05/24/17 AT 12:36 PM Close Google rolled out features Wednesday for family members who love doing stuff together, including updates for easier photo sharing and calendar use.  How to Use Google’s Family Features To use Google’s latest family features, you’ll need to set up Google Play Family Library account by going to https://families.google.com/families or by going to the Android Play Store app menu and tapping Account > Family > Sign up for Family Library. If you’re the family manager you can add up to five people to your group, as long as they live in the same country as you. Google’s family account currently works to share apps, movies, books and other entertainment. Read: Google Adding Shared Rooms, Voice Chat For Watching YouTube VR Videos Google introduced family sharing features for Google Calendar, Google Keep, Google Photos and reminded the public about the household YouTube TV streaming plan. Google Calendar You can now plan your kid's soccer games, doctor’s appointments, dinners and other activities with Google’s shared family calendar. When you create a family on Google, a calendar named “Family” will automatically appear. Those who are in your group account will see the family calendar when opening Google Calendar on iOS, Android or desktop. All family members will be able to see, create, edit or delete events on the shared calendar. If someone is removed from the original family account, they will lose access to the shared calendar. The calendar will be deleted if the family manager leaves the group. You won’t be able to add those who aren’t family to the calendar, but they can be invited to events. Google Keep The new Google Keep feature allows family to share reminders, shared lists and notes with loved ones. When you start a note on Keep you’ll be able to share it with your family members at once, instead of each person individually. Notes shared with your family group displays a family group icon. Anyone in the family group will be allowed to edit or delete notes you share with loved ones. Unlike the calendar feature, you’ll be able to add people who aren't in your family to notes you shared with your family account. Google Photos Google Photos now allows you to share pictures with your family quickly. To share your images and videos, go to Google Photos and select the media you want to send to family members, click share and select Family group to share your content. You also have the option of adding a message when sharing your photos. Read: YouTube TV Adds Networks To Channel List, Including BBC America, AMC YouTube TV Google also reminded the public about its streaming service YouTube TV. The service allows for six household members on the $35 monthly plan. Each family member gets a cloud DVR with unlimited storage. YouTube TV launched last month and includes Fox, NBC, ABC, CBS, FXX, ESPN, SEC Network and the Big Ten Network, Telemundo, BBC America, IFC and AMC, among others. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Android TV Upgrade Announced By Google Google Assistant To Be Installed On 1 Billion Devices By 2021: Report Recommended Business Coffee Shops Serve Up Temptation To Hackers A recent report found corporations are concerned about mobile security and believe Wi-Fi networks in public places like coffee shops serve as one of the biggest risks to employees. Technology Opinion Of Microsoft Mostly Unaffected By WannaCry Ransomware Attack Public opinion on Microsoft hasn't changed in the wake of the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, a poll from Morning Consult indicates. World Summer Solstice On Saturn It happens once in about 15 Earth years but was observed by the Cassini spacecraft, which has been in the gas giant’s vicinity since 2004. National Vermont Senator To Introduce $15 Minimum Wage Bill Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, who is backed by Democrats in his agenda to introduce $15 minimum wage bill, will release the legislation Thursday. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Assistant now offers topical next-word keyboard suggestions Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/05/24 7:57am PDTMay 24, 2017 40 Plus 1 on G+ 57 Share on Facebook 50 Share on Twitter Total Shares147 Google News A number of interesting upgrades for the Google Assistant were announced during the I/O developer conference last week, including the option to use the keyboard as the default input method instead of voice. Now that people have had a chance to play with the new setting it's become apparent that Assistant offers its own next-word suggestions, seemingly related to current events. How this works will depend on which keyboard you're using. If you’re using Gboard, its suggestions line will be disabled entirely and those from the Assistant will be displayed instead, as you can see in the first example below. If you're using another keyboard, such as SwiftKey (shown in the second example below), you'll see Assistant's proposed next words in a supplementary line above the keyboard's own. It stands to reason the implementation is a little smoother with Google's own Gboard.   Left: Assistant suggestions with Gboard. Right: With SwiftKey, Assistant adds a second row of suggestions. From the examples shown, and others we've tested, it seems next-word suggestions from the Google Assistant work much like the instant autocomplete queries that show up when you use Google Search, in that they will change depending on what's trending at the time. This could save you a lot of time if you're searching for something related to current affairs or even recent technology news. Another potentially useful aspect of this new feature can be seen when not entering anything with the keyboard at all. At this point, Assistant will show you the last two voice queries that a linked device has dealt with. In the example below, the last two questions Artem asked his Google Home are now appearing as suggestions. That's pretty useful if you want to see the information Google Home has already read out to you in written form, or if you want to explore the topic further. If anyone comes across anything else of interest, be sure to let us know. Thanks: Kavan Trivedi and Carson Saldanha Tags assistant gboard Google keyboard real-time suggestions Swiftkey subscribe ... Previous Story Google Opinion Rewards is now available in India, Singapore, and Turkey ... Next Story Garmin announces the VIRB 360-degree action camera, can record video at 5.7k and costs $799.99 Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Naga Sridhar Tried this yesterday! I think this makes Assistant more useful than before! Its easy to engage with assistance this way! Total Insecurity Which language? English? And which country? USA? Naga Sridhar Yes and yes! F4LL0U7 Indeed, what IS going on with the Trump and Bill O'Reilly? R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ They are being awesome. Unpopular but awesome F4LL0U7 I think your definition of "awesome" might be unpopular. But I don't know, maybe I shouldn't mess with that fancy and intimidating little Trumpette flag you're wearing on your username. Adam Margeson It doesn't look like it's "Taking over GBoard's suggested words". It looks like it's just stacking the auto-suggest on top of whatever keyboard might be up and leaving GBoard's suggestions line disabled. I'm not saying that Assistant's suggestions are worse than what your keyboard might suggest, but it seems like they're never going to enable suggested words for GBoard in the Google App or Assistant. Scott Scrivens Sorry, that was phrased badly but has now been corrected. Thanks for pointing it out! Winston I don't think Gboard suggestions were ever ENabled for Google Assistant in the first place. It wasnt in Google Search. andy_o The word suggestions are enabled on Assistant, have been since the beginning (since i/o). I depend on them cause I swipe, hopefully this new feature doesn't take that away. Vorastra http://i.imgur.com/oDS1j4z.png Adam Margeson Wierd. Apparently things have changed a bit since I stopped using Assistant. (Switched language to US Virgin Islands to go back to Now On Tap) Adam Margeson Kinda my point. They still haven't enabled it, Assistant is just providing it's own suggestions. AP was talking as if it was enabling it in GBoard and then taking it over. At least, that's how I read the article. Jonathan Payne I still don't have the keyboard option...so cool I guess? Andrew Palmer Try a reboot? Mine arrived quickly which surprised me. makapav Yeah me neither. I still haven't gotten around to setting up the voice personalization between myself and my wife on our Google homes. Maybe that's what I need to do first. Tobias S. And I still don't have the assistant at all.. ddevito So...Google Search? Jesus Google just make it all one app and one consistent experience. Exalm Uhm, it actually is one app. One huge app. ddevito Not on iOS it isn't, nor is the experience all interconnected on Android. Exalm I have no idea how it is on iOS, but on Android blog I would expect people to refer to Android unless specified. :) And on Android it _is_ technically one app. Experience is another thing, and I would agree that it could be more consistent. Ganesh Jain And Google Assistant is not available on my S7edge(Indian veriant) with Google Beta app installed... Abhilash Bingi Try changing your system language to English (US) Ganesh Jain It's on English US Ram S Charan Update your Google play services David Hyman I don't have this yet :( Exalm A question to people who already have this or the new query history: what Google app version do you have? Zaman It is still a kind of proof of concept. Still pretty unriable. Try to update your calendar with that voice control - miss or hit... Using keyboard is still the only option if you want to have the thing done quickly, especialy with a help of an app like that one: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.a3w4u.addquickeventfree Marcelove What's going on with Trump? He is showing his moves... https://youtu.be/eFOyCwCRTgw Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 10 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.746s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Search for: Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Home Android How to Fix Clash of Clans Device Is Not Compatible Problems How to Fix Clash of Clans Device Is Not Compatible Problems By Cory Gunther Posted on 12/20/2016 With almost every big Clash of Clans update a few problems tend to arise. The latest was a major December update aimed at improving the game. There’s plenty to love about the latest changes, but it’s also causing problems for some. Here we’ll explain how to fix the “Device is not compatible” error while trying to update Clash of Clans on Android. Additionally, we have more details about Google accounts not syncing correctly for saved villages. It’s one of the most popular titles on Android and iOS. Millions of people play it daily. This isn’t the first time we’ve seen this error message, but recently it has been happening more frequently. Most other issues can be fixed with the instructions below. Read: Clash of Clans Updates: 7 Things We Want Next The last update added tons of level 11 troops, cheaper costs and other things. However, it also added some problems. In fact, some can’t update the game at all. As a result it can’t be played. This is a big issue, and hopefully the few suggestions below can help. If you haven’t updated you’ll see a notification upon launching the game that an update is available. You cannot play until you accept this, go to the Google Play Store, and update to the latest version of the game. Everything is fine for those on iOS, but Android users are being met with a very odd problem. Users are getting an error on the Google Play Store for Clash of Clans that says, “Device is not compatible with this version” and are unable to update. Supercell confirmed this is a problem, and has offered up a fix for those having issues. Players affected by "Your device is not compatible with this version", please try: Settings >App Manager>Google Play Store>Clear data/cache — Clash of Clans (@ClashofClans) January 26, 2016 If you can’t update, you can’t play. Some are even in an active Clan War and can’t update in order to fight before time runs out. Which as many can imagine, would be very frustrating. Update: On February 26th Supercell made some changes and had another small maintenance break to fix the device incompatible and other Google services issues. Let us know in the comments below if the problem is still going on. Update #2: On March 4th Supercell finally fixed the Google Play Store device not compatible Clash of Clans problem, as well as the Google Games ID and sync issue many users have been experiencing. According to them, those who were unable to sync their Google Games account to restore or save a village, and the thousands of users who couldn’t update, should all be able to download the latest update from the Google Play Store release late last night and this morning. Head into the Play Store, check for updates, and download it right now to get back to Clashing. Update #3: The new December Clash of Clans update made this issue appear again. Users have also experienced crashes while in global chat, chat logs being out of order and other small things. Supercell may release another optional update to fix this. Even people that have been using the same device for well over a year are having issues. We’re seeing reports all over Twitter that people with tablets, the LG G3, Galaxy S6 and other devices are all experiencing this error. I’ve updated a Galaxy S7, Nexus 6P, Pixel C tablet and Nexus 9 all without any problems. So we’re not sure what is causing this at the moment, or what Android devices are experiencing it. https://twitter.com/fan_paige_wwe/status/692022893786615809?ref_src=twsrc^tfw If you are trying to update Clash of Clans on an Android device but running into problems, there are a few potential fixes. There is either something messed up with the Google Play Store, or something Supercell did. They’re blaming it on the Google Play, and suggest users clear the Store cache or data to resolve it. Above are basic instructions, but below are screenshots to help those experiencing issues. Instructions To fix the Clash of Clans update “your device is not compatible with this version” error message, try clearing the Google Play Store cache, and then data. Next, restart the Google Play Store and accept the update again. Pull down the notification bar on your Android device and hit the gear-shaped settings icon, or find “settings” in the application tray. From here navigate to Apps, or App Manager. Next scroll down and find Google Play Store. Select this, and tap “Clear Cache or Data” as shown below. This should erase everything, and get rid of any corrupt files that seem to be causing this problem. Supercell claims this will fix the error. Multiple comments suggest it worked. Now go back and download the update. Other Options However, if this doesn’t solve the problem another option is to uninstall Clash of Clans and re-install it. Yes, that sounds scary, and no one wants to lose their entire village by uninstalling the game. You won’t. Obviously proceed at your own risk and use caution. Read: How to Transfer Clash of Clans to a New Phone If the game is backed up to Google+ or Google Games (an option in settings) your progress is saved. Meaning you can uninstall Clash, reinstall it, and restore your progress simply by going into settings and connecting to Google+, and it will restore your village in less than 10 seconds. However, if you never linked the two, this won’t work. So do not uninstall Clash of Clans unless you know it’s backed up. The guide above goes over a few details regarding transferring the game to a new phone, which is also how you can save progress. That said, if you can’t open the game you can’t link it to Google Games. Do not uninstall Clash of Clans unless you know it is saved. Conclusion This is a big problem. Supercell states that clearing the Google Play Store cache is your only option, and it should solve any issues. They’re currently looking into other options, and will offer up additional information if available. At the end of the day, did clearing the cache or data fix it for you? Let us know in the comments below. Those who fixed it using other methods, feel free to share it below. The December update was loaded with content and a Christmas theme. Expect a bug fixing update in 2017 along with removal of the winter theme. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Share on Linkedin More In Android Samsung Galaxy Android Nougat Update Info (2017) The Samsung Galaxy Android Nougat update is rolling out in force and today we want to take… 05/24/2017 47 min read Clash of Clans Update Problems & Fixes A huge Clash of Clans update arrived in May that brings a whole new dimension to the game,… 05/23/2017 17 min read 4 Reasons Not to Install Nexus 5X Android O & 5 Reasons You Should Installing the Nexus 5X Android O update beta might be tempting but some of you are probab… 05/23/2017 4 min read Load More In Android 248 Comments 248 Comments kim 01/26/2016 at 1:37 pm No, it did not work for me. It is asking me to redeem and then asking for a code. Reply Tyr 01/27/2016 at 7:46 am Heya! It didn’t work out for me at first until I cleared out my Google Play Services as well. Hope it helps! Reply JUCARIBU 01/28/2016 at 10:44 am THAT WORK FOR ME THANKS Reply Albertman 01/31/2016 at 7:57 pm My clash restored and updated after i deleted the cache and data from google play store and play store services Reply C. Sims 02/02/2016 at 8:38 pm Listen to the man or woman lol… Delete all data in “Google Play Store” & “Google Play Services” from your phones settings… this guaranteed to work (then go back to Google play store, accept terms. Then update the app)… from what I know it works with newer phones, if not you could be out of luck. Reply ScottManJo 04/19/2016 at 6:26 pm Finally got all my favorite Supercell games loaded onto my Galaxy Tab E Lite. Be sure to clear out the Cache & Date from the following 3 apps: Google Play Services, Google Play Store AND Google Play Games. I was able to get CoC & Boom Beach by clearing the first 2 but only could get Clash Royale after clearing Google Play Games. Hope this helps! Good luck & god speed! Reply Jeremy 05/02/2016 at 9:40 pm ^^ had to do all 3 for mine to work also! Thanks. Reply Michael 07/17/2016 at 10:51 am OMG DUDE THANKS!! I got the same device and got super nervous when I couldnt get clash of clans! Your a lifesaver! Reply Arjun 10/26/2016 at 4:31 pm Now This worked for me.. erazin all 3 of those.. Reply Uhoh 05/27/2016 at 11:50 am Worked for me too. Thanks! Reply Laryssa 02/06/2016 at 8:11 pm I have the g4 it didn’t work for me. Won’t even come up when I search it. Neither does boom beach so I am guessing it has something to do with supercell. Very frustrating because I have been playing for over a year Reply Emily 04/24/2016 at 11:26 pm Same here, very frustrated and I can’t back it up as to is so I can’t uninstall and reinstall even if I could. Reply Shaun 02/20/2016 at 9:41 pm i am having this issue with needing a redeem code to even get on the play store now! Reply Moaz 02/29/2016 at 7:24 am Thank you very much, it worked immedietly after i did these easy steps, am really grateful :-) thx again Reply Logan 03/20/2016 at 1:20 pm Didn’t work for me. It said the cache was cleared, but still refused to download. Reply anirban mitra 03/22/2016 at 6:02 am m using nokia x series and google play store is not supported in my device..how can i back up if i uninstall it Reply Amanda George 03/26/2016 at 2:09 pm I just bought a new tablet and it is saying device in not compatible. I have nothing to clear out. I don’t understand. Reply wardojr 07/03/2016 at 3:07 am try updating play store service… Reply sol goslin 01/26/2016 at 1:44 pm No it diddnt work. I had hopes it would but no such luck. This sucks. I cant even get to the supercell customer service/help line. There may be other issues with this though. Im also noticing a significant drop in the speed of my device, so it may be something that either supercell got in its system, or someone hacked google and delivered a little viral surprise. If thats the case Im sure it will make itself known in a bigger than life fashion. Hopefully that isnt the case. Keep posting updates on what happens. A LOT of people are locked out of the game through this. Reply Clara Icasiano 07/22/2016 at 8:35 pm just uninstall in play games then install it again. Hope it works :) \ Reply Tom 01/26/2016 at 1:46 pm no…. Reply Steve 01/26/2016 at 1:52 pm Hi. I’m on an amazon fire tablet which doesnt support google+ so my game isn’t backed up. Is their going to be a patch for the 26/1/16 update for these devices . Thanks Reply Richard King 01/26/2016 at 1:52 pm I uninstalled coc. I cleared all info/cache for Google play store, and I restarted the phone. Still says my Samsung S5 is not compatible. I have tried everything that has been suggested. This is very irritating. Reply David Stumhofer 07/01/2016 at 5:57 pm dude did you ever figure it out? Reply Tom 01/26/2016 at 1:56 pm I can help you all I just did it. Anyone who needs help email me at tom@gettyindustries.com Reply Kyle 01/26/2016 at 5:49 pm How did you do it? Reply rick 01/26/2016 at 1:58 pm did not work on my galaxy s5 Reply Robby 01/27/2016 at 12:36 pm Hey I cleared my Google playstore cache and data 3 times and it finally worked. Try giving that a shot Reply Mike 01/26/2016 at 2:20 pm Didn’t work on my LG G4, I tried u installing and reinstalling… Still not compatible. Reply Tyr 01/27/2016 at 7:52 am I use LG as well. It allowed me to install CoC with the update after I cleared up my Google Play Services as well. Reply Gameparson 01/26/2016 at 2:28 pm Did not work Reply david diresto 01/26/2016 at 2:38 pm didnt work… i also uninstalled now i cant re install because it still says not compatible. please help me Reply K-G San Carlos 02/04/2016 at 1:31 am Same thing with me bro! Reply jose hernandez 01/26/2016 at 2:45 pm Clearing the cache di no do any thing it stil cant update Reply Lorrianna 01/26/2016 at 3:05 pm Okay, these two things didn’t work, but I uninstalled Google Play and that worked. Reply Bryan 01/26/2016 at 3:15 pm Not working , you’d think one of the biggest apps out there would have have a fix!!!! Reply Josh 01/26/2016 at 3:24 pm nope, didn’t work for me galaxy s5 Reply Gameparson 01/26/2016 at 3:27 pm Funny it worked the 3rd time I tried it. Had to hit the cache first than the data Reply Martin 01/26/2016 at 3:32 pm Uninstalled it and now it won’t pop up in my app store.. Reply dan 01/26/2016 at 4:12 pm That’s what happened to me too Reply Arturo 01/26/2016 at 3:42 pm No, i have a LG Leon LTE with android 5.1.1 Reply Alisa 01/26/2016 at 3:48 pm On the third try it worked for me as well. Reply Shawn 01/26/2016 at 3:56 pm I had no problems with update but my friend and leader of our clan is. This isn’t the first time and they always say the same fixes and is not working. He brought a new phone and 3_4 months , the same problem. And with their lack of customer service good luck on their emails telling you to contact them in the game. If not fixed soon I will retire my three accounts and so will my friend with four, and its sad seeing that we both spent over $150 on accounts each. Reply Nathalie Blues 01/28/2016 at 2:55 pm I have spent over $1300 and lead a clan where my friends have spent the same. This is not acceptable SuperCell. Get with the freaking program and fix this. Fix it now ! Reply dan 01/26/2016 at 4:09 pm Did not work for me either. Th 9 and 3 years of playing gone. They need to sort this shit out. That’s bullshit. Reply Scott 01/26/2016 at 4:12 pm Didn’t work on my galaxy s5 active. Thus is very frustrating being I’m in a active war and can’t attack. Plus I have my pumps boosted and are unable to collect them. There had better be some compensation from super cell for this. Reply dan 01/26/2016 at 4:18 pm I’m glad its not just me that’s having issues. My collectors were boosted too. Reply HaMoOoOd 02/02/2016 at 10:51 am I got dark elixir cOllerton boosted !and I am about to get the king that’s so dumb Reply Justin 01/26/2016 at 4:30 pm At first it did not work for me as well. What worked was clearing cache per the suggestion, but when doing the update go to my apps and bulk update all apps that need an update. If I went directly to COC under my apps I still got a message stating it wasn’t compatible. Reply Dave 01/26/2016 at 4:32 pm I deleted the game and now its completely gone from the google play store, same for boom beach Reply Bethany 01/26/2016 at 4:50 pm Nope didnt work Reply Ryan 01/26/2016 at 5:05 pm After just clearing the cache my problem was fixed . hope that helps everyone else Reply LEI 01/26/2016 at 5:30 pm Me too..tried to uninstall coc but unforunately when i try to download it again, cannot find coc in play store… Help pls… Reply Anthony Williams 01/26/2016 at 5:47 pm Didn’t work for my kindle fire. Reply Bob the clasher 01/26/2016 at 6:23 pm Figured it out!! MUST SIGN CLASH OF CLANS INTO GOOGLE PLAY! go to settings→apps→clash of clans and then clear data (i know scarry). Then go to play store and my apps. Click “update all” and clash of clans will be on the list. Once it has updated, click on the clash of clans icon. It will load and come up with a new village. DONT CLICK ANYTHING YET!!! In the top left corner it says “sign in” click that and something will pop and start loading. Wait until it says “Would you like to laod Chief Whateveryournameis village? Click “yes” Clash of clans will restart loading up. Then your village is back!!! :-) Reply Tadeusz 06/12/2016 at 11:22 am Thanks, man! Worked for me. Reply Mike 01/26/2016 at 6:35 pm Ok here how to do it uninstall the app then clear cash then data in the store then reinstall from your – my games Reply Techymarkbo 01/26/2016 at 6:52 pm This is what I did to get it to work. I used a device that updated the file correctly. I then went into an app called App Monster and backed it up. I then shared the install file to my Google Drive. I then side loaded to the “uncompatible” device and installed with no issues. Reply amit 01/26/2016 at 7:08 pm nope, cleared cache, cleared data, didn’t work, I’ll wait for a new fix, it it doesn’t happen in a week, I’ll try re-installing the game, and if I have to start from scratch, then I am not playing this game anymore, can’t invest so much time again Reply Dennis 01/26/2016 at 7:16 pm I’m on an Asus memo tablet. I cleared the cache in the store and game. That didn’t work. I uninstalled CoC. It didn’t show up in the Play Store. I went to Google Play Games app and was able to install from there. I had to restart the device before it would load. I had to log back intonthe google account and all is well. Reply Tanner 01/27/2016 at 8:54 am This worked for me thanks a lot!! Reply Mike 01/27/2016 at 2:13 pm ANYONE HAVING PROBLEMS TRY THIS. TRIED EVERYTHING ELSE AND THIS IS WHAT WORKED. THANKS DENNIS!! Reply Nick 01/26/2016 at 7:19 pm Just started a clan war yesterday nd when I went to fight today I find out that I cannot update my game to play and therefore screwed out of this clan war. And no this did not help me to update clash of clans nothing changed. You’d think they would test this update out on all platforms before they release it… Reply swerdna 01/26/2016 at 9:13 pm did not work for me Reply Galo 01/26/2016 at 10:08 pm I just did what it said and it won’t work. I also can’t uninstall because it’s not showing up in my playstore. What do I do? Reply shahab 01/26/2016 at 11:01 pm I m using Android oppo find 7 and have restored my phon. but when going to play store and trying to instaall clash of clans. same probs occurs. ur device is not compatible. playing with this device since last year.. but facing prob. tried all things. ceares cache but not working Reply dinomon 01/26/2016 at 11:02 pm It didnt work for my sony xperia m4 Reply rizwan 01/26/2016 at 11:04 pm i did any thing but not work, even i restore my phone. Reply Eric 01/27/2016 at 1:10 am Does not work for galaxy s5 even after clean cache and data in the playstore. Also deleted it mean I no longer have the game installed. Reply Rakesh 01/27/2016 at 1:16 am Got my new phone lg g flex2 and used to play Coc.but after update its not compatible with my device, i have tried all the above options but it’s not working… Reply Omnimpotent 01/27/2016 at 3:26 am i tried the above method and it dident work but what i did do to get it to work was, i uninstalled Clash of clans on my Lenovo Yoga 2 tablet, then i logged into my goggle account on my pc and found COC on the play store there and asked it to install it on my tablet device. Reply Karlisx 01/27/2016 at 4:32 am Managed to get update but after game is all time crashing and no launching :( Reply Jvg30 01/27/2016 at 5:12 am For all those that say it doesn’t work…it worked for me after a few tries.. Go to settings\app(app manager)/Google play store app/clear data/cache and uninstall Google play app and reinstall clash all good Reply arjay apas 03/22/2016 at 12:32 am This bad I never update this game in my lenovo why? Reply Jamal Taylor 01/27/2016 at 5:50 am Still wont work for my LG leon i uninstalled it went back to play store and because its not compatible with the phone i cant find it even when i type in clash of clans HELP ME PLEASE Reply Giovany 01/27/2016 at 5:59 am No it did not work. I clear data and cash and still does not work. I unistall the game and went to play to install it again and it said your device is not compatible my phone is a lg Reply Phillip McCammon 01/27/2016 at 6:08 am Did anyone get it to work on there samsung galaxy s5 yet Reply Angela Huffman 04/02/2016 at 9:02 am Go to Vshare Market Lite and download it, Worked fine for me ! Reply Kathleenrlanda 01/27/2016 at 6:20 am 0=1116my friend’s aunt makes $72 /hour on the laptop . She has been without a job for 10 months but last month her pay check was $15585 just working on the laptop for a few hours. have a peek at this site… See More Reply Guru 01/27/2016 at 6:35 am So, just to add to the mix, this issue is not Model dependent. My wife and I both have LG V410 tablets. They are both Android 5.0.2, same kernel versions, build numbers, etc. Hers works fine and had no issues at all. Mine is completely hosed. Tried updating, no dice. Tried Clearing the data and cache, same. Tried uninstalling\reinstalling, no longer able to even see COC in Google Play. Re-tried clearing the GP cache and data, still not available. Reply Techymarkbo 01/27/2016 at 7:10 am For those not seeing in Google Play store after installing, You have to go to Google Play Games app in order to install after uninstalling. Your device is listed as not compatible so it will not show up. Also, if you find a copy of the new update By searching coc apk file on Google, it will install by side loading also. Reply Techymarkbo 01/27/2016 at 7:15 am Here is a link to the latest download for sideloading. http://www.apkmirror.com/apk/supercell/clash-of-clans/clash-clans-8-116-2-android-apk-download/ Reply Shawn 01/27/2016 at 7:29 am S5 being playing for a year now suddenly cant play, this is unacceptable, why was the upgrade not tested, when will you resolve it?! Reply Umang 01/27/2016 at 8:02 am For everyone who’s facing this problem..go to Google play store through your browser, log in and install the game. Worked for me without any issues. Reply delphineous 01/28/2016 at 11:28 am I have tried many of the suggestions on this page and its comments. This is the one that worked. Install from the browser based play store. Reply bernard 01/27/2016 at 8:12 am Nexus 9 lolipop 5.0.. Just own it today and it didn’t show doc on play store.. It did show on play game but when click install, it redirect to play store and list as incompatible and no install button appear. Have tried to clear cache and data for play store, play game , even play service for more than 10 times. Still, not even can install. Reply Jordan Heaps 01/27/2016 at 8:14 am Clear Cache then Bulk Update all apps and it worked Reply bernard 01/27/2016 at 8:20 am OK, I really have no idea on this. After I post the above comment, now it show up on my play game and when click install in my play game, it redirect me to play store and god bless the install button shows up! Installing.. Later update u guy on that Reply bernard 01/27/2016 at 8:40 am OK.. Nexus 9 brand new lollipop 5.0 after setting my google account straight looking for coc(not dare to update firmware) 1. It did not show up on play store but yes did show on play game. Click install on play game redirect me to play store but is list under incompatible device. No install button after that 2. Read comment here and have tried clear cache, data and uninstall update for play store, play game, and play service. Still no luck. Not even show up in play store. 3. Post my comment here and back try again. It just suddenly show up. Install it and play.. No lag no issue. Around 1 hours of time for me to make that god damn stupid install button appear in my play store for doc game! Stupid conclusion from me after tried to install it. Someone say clear 3 time and bulk update. So, MAYBE after we have clear that, it will automatic download the update for playstore and it need sometime for that and without any notification on it. Give it some time after clear cache and data than try again. Hope that’s help. Reply Sean 01/27/2016 at 10:07 am Motorola moto 3. Cleared cacache. Nope. Cleared data. Nope. Play store not the problem. Reply Sean 01/27/2016 at 5:15 pm I used a program called Clean Master to wipe the coc cache. I’m now back in business. Reply Matt 01/27/2016 at 10:53 am Cleared data, allowed upgrade Reply Talha 01/27/2016 at 2:07 pm Hi All, I am using a LG G4 and as stated was facing the same problem as all of you. Here is what worked for me. 1. Cleared Cache 2. Cleared Data 3. Checked every time after clearing, nothing happened. 4. Restarted my phone and tried again. It worked. I hope it works for you all as well. Happy Clashing Reply Mike 01/27/2016 at 2:15 pm See Dennis comment for fix Reply Karl 01/27/2016 at 2:37 pm It seems the problem appears when you are in the CoC page in Play Store. Then you get the message of incompatibility. I cleared Play Store cache and data once. Not solved. Did it once more and restarted the phone. Not solved. Instead chose option ‘update all’ on notification drop-down menu. It updated CoC! Opened CoC page in Play Store. Did still after update say device not compatible and no option to open the game. But I can open CoC on the screen shortcut! Problem solved. Reply Alex 01/27/2016 at 4:17 pm Okay look it worked for me 1. Settings 2. Storage 3. Uninstall Google Play Store 4. Go to Google play store 5.download Clash of Clans and it should work for you Reply Van 01/27/2016 at 5:09 pm Same issue ‘Device is not compatible’ with my HTC One. I did everything here from clearing cache to restarting phone. Nada. I uninstalled CoC and now it’s not even showing up in Google Play Store. Wth… Reply vish 01/27/2016 at 5:20 pm I cleared my play store data and it worked for me. Thanks a lot Reply Che 01/27/2016 at 5:40 pm i cleared cache and data in play store and cleared cache in google services. updated all other apps that needed it. uninstalled clash of clans and then went to app manager – all apps and found clash of clans on the list and hit install. that finally got it back working on my phone. just had to re sign in once it loaded back up. i have the tmobile LG Leon LTE Reply Clare Snow 01/27/2016 at 5:41 pm My LG g3 phone is good LG tablet I have tried everything &NOTHING worked Reply Zackary Stone 01/27/2016 at 7:51 pm No mine didn’t work.. I really enjoy playing this game. So plz fix this prob. Fast…. Plz Help. Reply tre thomas 01/28/2016 at 5:10 am No after 42 tried of clearing data still not working Reply hrtofvalro 01/28/2016 at 6:07 am I cleared Google Application Manager cache/data. That didn’t work. I decided to uninstall the game and check the store, where it still said my device (LG phone) wasn’t compatible. Vexing to say the least. The thing that did the trick was checking in Google Play Games (different application from Play Store) > My Games > Clash of Clans. I was able to download and install CoC from here and it worked. Obviously not happy with the way recent updates have been pushed out and have caused problems for me and my friends. Reply Nathalie Blues 01/28/2016 at 2:48 pm I put my tab 3 back to factory and wiped out all my contents of my device. still not working. I am so freakin pissed right now. it has been three days and I am a complete addict. Reply Nigel 01/28/2016 at 6:08 am Funny thing with this new update it work on my hudl 1 and not on my hudl 2 main account on hudl2 which was in a war :-( Reply Mark Collins 01/28/2016 at 7:56 am Download COC apk file for side install. Worked on my wife’s htc. I posted link to one above. Reply Justin 01/28/2016 at 1:11 pm I had to clear the cache and data Google play, Google play services, and Google play store 3 times before it worked. Reply Nathalie Blues 01/28/2016 at 2:44 pm I reset my device to factory and it still does not work for me. this is very upsetting since I have put much money into this game and have several accounts. this is my best account. not good… Reply Kathi Brown 01/29/2016 at 12:25 am Worked on our hudl 2 you just need to restart the device to let the changes take effect Has anybody got a fix for the walking dead game app on android please Reply Jaz 01/29/2016 at 10:29 am No it didn’t work Reply dana 01/29/2016 at 1:45 pm WORKED FOR ME!! Galaxy s4 Reply Nicky 01/29/2016 at 5:25 pm Hi guys.. Try this, go to App setting then do the following 1. Clear the cache of google services. 2. Go to Google Play Store App then clear the cache first then the data. I tried this and I was able to get the update and play it again.. ho[e this help.. Thank you Reply Techymarkbo 01/30/2016 at 8:39 am I’ve had many do my process with success. I provided a link above for the apk file download to load without google play skipping all the clearing cache etc. Some are finding that method to not work, but side loading does work 100% of the time. Reply Joey 01/29/2016 at 8:37 pm Ok. I have lg risio…… This helped so much… Although it didn’t work after I followed the sreps, so if it still doesn’t work try restarting your phone. Not turn it off but restart it. Reply venice 01/29/2016 at 9:15 pm Hi guys, try this too 1. go to application manager 2. find goggle play store 3. click clear data 4. and restart the phone 5. open clash of clans 6. then click update i tired this and i was able to update and play it again, hope this solution can help, thanks you :) Reply Garry Pennycuff 01/30/2016 at 11:42 am Stii no good on Samsung Tab 4 Reply Lena Bloyer 02/10/2016 at 2:24 pm Deleting updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services is the key! Deleting the Google Play Store data and cache didn’t work for me. However, deleting all updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services worked! I was able to re-install COC after removing updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services. Reply Ryan Earls 01/30/2016 at 5:06 pm This didn’t work for me. I use an lg sunset. Reply Lena Bloyer 02/10/2016 at 2:25 pm Deleting updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services is the key! Deleting the Google Play Store data and cache didn’t work for me. However, deleting all updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services worked! I was able to re-install COC after removing updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services. Reply Jim 01/30/2016 at 7:33 pm This did not work for me. Samsung note 4 Reply Peter 01/31/2016 at 1:19 am Didn’t work for my LG LG2. SuperCell has lost my business and play. Too bad, I kind of enjoyed that game. Terrible update. Reply Charles Robert Clute Jr. 01/31/2016 at 12:48 pm I did all the suggested fixes on my Samsung S5 none worked. Reply Lena Bloyer 02/10/2016 at 2:23 pm Deleting updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services is the key! Deleting the Google Play Store data and cache didn’t work for me. However, deleting all updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services worked! I was able to re-install COC after removing updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services. Reply Mwolf 02/01/2016 at 12:27 am fortunately after reading all the comments and selected one specific way, i started to initiate on how to restore my COC based on the suggestion that majority has given freely…and thank you so much it did work for my LG G4 stylus…i had tried clearing cache for two times and it did work….just be patient i know the feeling of losing the village… Reply rodolfo 02/01/2016 at 6:30 am No. Thos did not work for me, i have a LG LEON and my brother has I t too i cant get it but he can. Reply MANU 02/01/2016 at 8:09 am I tried above steps…. but it is still same ..not compactiable with phone. Please help. Reply Lena Bloyer 02/10/2016 at 2:21 pm Deleting updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services is the key! Deleting the Google Play Store data and cache didn’t work for me. However, deleting all updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services worked! I was able to re-install COC after removing updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services. Reply roland garcia 02/02/2016 at 4:03 am the clash of clans app doesnt even show up in the play store when i try to search it. it did when i first bought the LG tribute 2 phone but for some reason now it doesn’t even show it as a downloadable app. Reply Alystair 02/02/2016 at 6:00 am Didn’t work for me I’m going to try reinstalling the game all together. … Reply Alystair 02/02/2016 at 6:04 am Yup…. It’s uninstalled…. now I can’t reinstall it. Same message on Google play. My device isn’t compatible. .. it was a few weeks ago…. not cool supercell!… Reply Lena Bloyer 02/10/2016 at 2:20 pm Deleting updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services is the key! Deleting the Google Play Store data and cache didn’t work for me. However, deleting all updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services worked! I was able to re-install COC after removing updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services. Reply Sana 02/02/2016 at 9:58 am No can’t play on Samsung Mega :( Reply HaMoOoOd 02/02/2016 at 10:44 am FI wasn’t have the same people but suddenly in Google play it comes for me can’t establish a riedble etc..i fixed this people by clearing my host and Google play worked will but I found Google play us different so I searched for clash of clans I disn’t found it so I sears he’s again from Google Chrome I do find it but can’t download it Pleas help!! Reply HaMoOoOd 02/02/2016 at 11:36 am This works with on s5 5.0 1- be sure that your google service and play games is in the last version 2-go to settings>application manger 3-first clear the cach of google play and then data 4-clear the cach of google service 5-first clear cach of play games and then clear data 6-turn off your phon 7-press the home screan with lock button and volum up together to enter the reboot mod 8-select reboot by clecking lock button and go and down by volum buttons 9-reboot and hope it works srry for bad english but not my native language Reply Pierre 02/03/2016 at 4:19 pm My wife’s lgg4 had this same issue I fixed it by going to her update center and clicked update all and it downloaded coc no problem!! Reply Anish Chandwadkar 02/03/2016 at 10:06 pm Not working on xperia c, is latest version for xperia c is 4.1.10????? if not, plss help me how to update manually, as clicking on it isn’t working. Reply Zach Lorenzen 02/03/2016 at 11:27 pm Yes :) thank you I disabled google play store and it worked Reply sami 02/04/2016 at 10:57 am thank you for helping and i need help the game is good and i like it but now new updates does not match with my mobile can not open latest version i need help Reply Ousman 02/04/2016 at 2:28 pm Thankyou that worked and I can finally play again after 2 weeks Reply R Macalandag 02/04/2016 at 7:37 pm Worked like a charm on LG Leon! Thanks. 1. Go to Apps>Google Play Store 2. Clear cache. 3. Delete data. 4. Uninstall update. 5. Restarted and downloaded Boom Beach successfully. Reply dom 02/04/2016 at 11:34 pm Cleared cache and data for Google play store and Google play services. Then I cleared cache and data from COC. Uninstalled COC, then restarted my phone. Open the app store and it was able to download Reply Joey 02/09/2016 at 7:42 pm I have a blu and I cleared cache, and data on both Google play services and store and its still saying not compatible and this is my favorite game please help Reply Lena Bloyer 02/10/2016 at 2:16 pm Deleting updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services is the key! Deleting the Google Play Store data and cache didn’t work for me. However, deleting all updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services worked! Reply moin khan 02/10/2016 at 5:00 am Moin khan Shett I don’t know how to clear DTA man I have lva magnum x604 Reply Lena Bloyer 02/10/2016 at 2:14 pm Deleting updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services is the key! Deleting the Google Play Store data and cache didn’t work for me. However, deleting all updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services worked! Reply Kristal 02/11/2016 at 4:58 am OK so here’s what I had to do on our galaxy S5s running 5.0 cleared data from Google play store and Google play services restarted device did a batch update Boom! COC finally showed up Happy clashing everyone Reply Deadlydonut77 02/12/2016 at 7:38 pm I don’t have that problem I go onto the app and the screen stays black and doesn’t load Reply Richard heath 02/13/2016 at 12:57 pm I couldn’t sort it at first. Using an old galaxy s3. Finally sorted it out by Clearing the cache first And then the data. Did this in all Google play and services apps. Happy clashing Reply heather 02/19/2016 at 10:35 am so im having this issue, not with clash of clans, but with 2 other apps in my phone! both by different co. so frustrating. ive been trying the things that you guys are suggesting and still no luck so its not just supercell. Reply Angela Huffman 04/02/2016 at 8:59 am Go to Vshare Market Lite and download it, Worked fine for me ! Reply Griff 02/20/2016 at 3:10 am Nope, didn’t work on my LG Reply daniel 02/20/2016 at 11:58 pm Had to clear cache and data about 6 times Reply DARIUS 02/21/2016 at 7:29 pm IT WORKS FINE Reply Vini 02/21/2016 at 8:32 pm HI EVERYONE!!! This clear cache stuff sux….DOWNLOAD THE DIRECT APK from the latest version, so at the time to open It wont check on google play or anywhere else…Just install the latest APK, google it and install…It will work in ALL devices Reply susana 02/22/2016 at 3:07 am For me, with an LG Flex 2, the ONLY OPTION was (after clear cache and data): UNNINSTALL google play store app. Yes remove it, and install it again from zero. Reply Guido 02/22/2016 at 8:17 am Have followed the instructions regarding clearing the Data and the Cache in settings, but still will not allow the game to play. Playing in a Samsung Galaxy S5 phone. Reply mhs 02/23/2016 at 11:51 pm Not working for me, Galaxy tab 3v Reply mhs 02/24/2016 at 12:43 am Can someone help me not working Reply mhs 02/24/2016 at 12:44 am Pls help me Reply P M 02/24/2016 at 3:39 pm Thanks a lot, this trick worked on boom beach. Reply Hraklhs 02/25/2016 at 12:17 am If clearing play store doesn’t work,clear services google play,it worked for me Reply Marc 02/25/2016 at 5:24 am Download an older version of Google play is the only temporary fix so far. Reply Aj 02/27/2016 at 7:51 am No it did not work on me still can’t open my coc its just loading suddenly coc close Reply Aj 02/27/2016 at 8:27 am Its force to close coc and can’t even enter Reply Heather 02/29/2016 at 7:50 am Have u tried to dl it from Facebook? That worked for us. Reply Heather 02/27/2016 at 6:26 pm Ok, my son got a new tablet today. And as all of u COC is not an option in the app store. So I downloaded Fb to his tablet, searched COC game app and down loaded it from there. Worked and I now have a happy kid. Hope this helps someone. Reply kushan 03/02/2016 at 8:03 am Thank you very very much this was the best help it worked on me Reply sirajhakkani 03/02/2016 at 9:37 pm No its not working for me – now on google play store it is saying “NOT AVAILABLE FOR YOUR DEVICE” i was playing it earlier on my device “LG GPAD V410” and was working fine Reply Aaron Rabah 03/04/2016 at 12:22 pm Same problem. Activated a new phone this morning, searched for coc in play store…..nothing….done a Google search pulled up the install from Google play store clicked it and my device is not compatible. I spent all day up until five mins ago trying to figure it out….nothing…all hope was lost….until I googled cover game download and downloaded outside Google play store….bam!!!!…..problem solved…..already loaded my acct. And fought my first match….and won Reply ben 03/04/2016 at 5:44 pm It won’t even let me download the game to begin with! Reply Abi 03/05/2016 at 12:41 pm I tried re-installing it. Didn’t work. I can’t even search for it in the store. When I went over to check on all my apps and clicked on Clash of Clans, “Your device is not compatible with this version.” Reply J 03/05/2016 at 7:01 pm Husband got new phone last night and clash won’t load tried all pack install as well as cleared play store and services cache……any other ideas he is not happy Reply rupak 03/05/2016 at 9:18 pm am not finding any of the supercell games in the play store even i cleared the caches & data still not getting the app for download Reply Heather 03/05/2016 at 9:20 pm Try to do outside of play store…try through Facebook Reply Heather 03/05/2016 at 9:22 pm That’s supposed to say down load not do* Reply Carlajslaton 03/06/2016 at 7:40 am 010101=1m­­­­­­­­­y b­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t f­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­d’s h­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­l­­­­­­­­­f-s­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­r m­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­k­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­s $87 /h­­­­­­­­­r o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­p­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­p . S­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e h­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s b­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­n o­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­t o­­­­­­­­­f a j­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­b f­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r e­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­g­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­t m­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­s b­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­t l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t m­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­h h­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­r c­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­c­­­­­­­­­k w­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s $16467 j­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t w­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­k­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­g o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­p­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­p f­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r a f­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­w h­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­s. find more info… See More Reply cobalt 03/08/2016 at 8:33 pm My coc update is not allowing me to start my game upon mobile data. Plz help me out. Reply Liz 03/09/2016 at 7:32 pm Still getting “device not compatible” on a Samsung Galaxy S4 & it’s March 9th, 2016! Reply khambie 03/10/2016 at 6:01 pm my th10 account vanished after i update my coc..now the worst thing is i clear data for my coc and make an new village but it sync on the gmail of my th10 account..i been playing for almost 2 years and now this happen..kindly fix this a soon as possible..thanks.. Reply bob 03/13/2016 at 3:43 pm Omg I just got a samsung tab e lite I got worried at first when it didn’t work but I didn’t twice and I work thx so much super cell and whoever posted this Reply Sasha 03/17/2016 at 6:53 pm Yeah I have a galaxy S5 and I am trying to download the game but it’s not letting me I tried the clearing data trick but it didn’t work so any suggestions out there. Reply sied 03/18/2016 at 8:11 pm I got this problem after resetting my zenUI C,play store said that my device isn’t compatible n this is how I fix it… 1. I reset my phone again (wow) 2.Update Google play games n my play store 3. I didn’t update my Google play services (connection problem) 4. Then I restart my phone n open the play store And I found COC and boom beach again. 5. Update the Google play services (if u want to play that game) And I’m done… hope this helpful Reply ankur tadav 03/21/2016 at 2:33 pm Didn,t work for me please tell me another way to solve this problem i want to play this game please , please , please Reply dave 03/21/2016 at 11:35 pm i did all the instruction above and didn’t work cant they give another update Reply Dixhita 03/23/2016 at 2:34 am It didnt work at all n its really very frustrating.. I hope its fixed as soon as possible. Reply Angela Huffman 04/02/2016 at 8:58 am Go to Vshare Market Lite and download it, Worked fine for me ! Reply MJ 03/23/2016 at 10:22 pm hey . what hapen to my old village ? Reply santanu mandal 03/26/2016 at 12:45 am DID WORK FOR ME……….THANK U ALOT………I LOVE CLASH AND AM DYING TO PLAY AGAIN THANKS A LOT… Reply chad 03/31/2016 at 1:05 pm When I search them it doesn’t even come up. Nothing from supercell does Reply Joyce 04/02/2016 at 12:48 am It didnt work on me very frustating since im on th10 already and cant open my account since your last update Reply Angela Huffman 04/02/2016 at 8:57 am Go to Vshare Market Lite and download it, Worked fine for me ! Reply Amanda 04/06/2016 at 8:09 am 4/6/16 I had the “Not compatible” problems on my Samsung Avant, resetting the cahce fixed mine. My son however, just got a new Alcatel One Touch when he opened it, we updated all apps. Google Play shows the app as attached to his previous apps, but will not let us load it on his phone. We tried the “Clear Cache” fix even thought the phone was 2 hours old. This did not fix it. He is the entire reason I play the game. If his can’t be fixed, I will delete mine soon as well. Please give him a solution as to how we can load Clash Of Clans on his new Alcatel. Reply CaPtAiN_DrOgO 10/09/2016 at 3:18 am try downloading the apk file from any website(latest ver) and then update google play services and google play games from play store…….worked for me…gd lk Reply jarie 04/06/2016 at 11:59 pm i have a problem in my ohone rio craze junior its open my village and a few minutes clash of clans is error and back to main menu Reply jarie 04/07/2016 at 12:01 am please help me to fix this problem Reply kim diamse 04/11/2016 at 8:22 pm I did everything you said in this post, cleared my data and cache and forced stopped the app. But I still can’t install clash of clans or clash royale. Device is still not compatible. My phone’s Asus Zenfone 2 (4gb ram) so I don’t understand why my device isn’t compatible. I was playing the game yesterday, after I factory reset my phone it suddenly became incompatible? Reply fredrick 04/24/2016 at 8:02 am Same thing is happening here Reply CaPtAiN_DrOgO 10/09/2016 at 3:15 am try downloading the apk file from any website(latest ver) and then update google play services and google play games from play store…….worked for me…gd lk Reply Shayne 04/12/2016 at 7:49 pm Fix did not work (HTC One M7) so I uninstalled it and now its not available on Google Play. Unable to download. Reply Jomoma 05/17/2016 at 2:31 am Google search the download Reply fredy saputro 04/18/2016 at 8:10 pm restart your device after clear data , try it Reply fredrick 04/24/2016 at 8:01 am Two days before its working now I formated. Phone and tried to install clash of clans from Google play store they are saying its not compatible Reply jchanman33Joe 04/28/2016 at 6:01 am I had to uninstall all updates for both google play store and google play games service, clear caches, I then turned them off and back on then reset my phone and it worked. Reply David 05/10/2016 at 6:07 am Its saying it’s not compatible with your device for me to. Im on a sony xperia E3. I tried clear Defaults and cache to no joy Now can no longer get on all super cell games. :( Reply David 05/10/2016 at 9:06 am Try downloading aptoide. I looked on YouTube and found this and it works. Worh a try if you can not get on with any other means :) Reply Purus 05/11/2016 at 6:41 am After installation when I open it there is s popup says ”downloading content” but after that it crashes not working for long time can you solve this? Reply Jomoma 05/17/2016 at 2:29 am Turn your security off , I had the same problem , Reply David Gowans 05/13/2016 at 7:07 pm Try deleting the aptoide download and download it again. It may have got corrupted during download. Reply Jomoma 05/17/2016 at 2:25 am 3 days and it works now , I had to turn security off and load from another sight ( up download I think ) there’s several of them , a warning comes up that it may harm computer , you know it’s secure because you have had the game before ! It took less then 5 min , I turned the security back on right after loading the game , it can be done and don’t give up ! Reply slayified 05/17/2016 at 4:53 pm All of you are doing it wrong! You must clear data and cache for all (Google Play Services, Google Play Games, and Google Play Store) Then, you must go to the application manager again and tap on google play store and force stop it, unless it already is force stopped. Then try downloading it again. Reply cam 05/18/2016 at 8:57 pm I have a Samsung galaxys3. I can’t even search for Coc in the play store. I have to go to the browser to find it and it always says its not compatible. Tried erasing all three Google play stuff and still nothing. This is highly upsetting Reply Spondon Banerjee 05/24/2016 at 12:12 pm i tried everything that u said from clearing data and cache from google playstore…..to uninstall and re-install it again….but still its showing the same problem “the device is not compatible with your device”. i have asus zenfone2 with 4 gb ram….whats going on????? i have been playing for almost 5 months now….and suddenly this problem cropped up….please take the necessary steps to fix it as soon as possible…… Reply Chris 05/30/2016 at 11:52 pm 1. try to restart the phone 2. try to login to google with different account that having coc 3. try to play coc from google play 4. keep trying i’ve done several times doing that until i got worked on my tablet… Reply Macizo 05/25/2016 at 11:14 am Nothing Would work for me until I updated all the different apps that’s needed approval for updating. My old Samsung s4 broke and I just got a new one today. Hope this helps. Reply jyoti 05/26/2016 at 7:24 am Unable to installed/update COC in my VIVO Y36 MODEL. After 90% DOWNLOAD IT WAS AGAIN START FROM 0, CAN ANYONE PLZ HELP ME OUT !!! Reply Mohamed 05/31/2016 at 1:56 pm please my clash of clans is not show the number of elixir or gold or gems and some text Reply buffboy 06/02/2016 at 10:25 pm I cant find coc in playstore. Its not there. I found it aftr in googleplaygames in my acc, cause i recently went on it inanother dev. And i updated google play, cleared data and cache, but still it didnt come in playstore. So i found it out in google play in recently played games, and it showed there “install”. So i tapped on it, but it keeps saying unfortunately google play has stopped. Wth Reply Jessie Junior Baylon 06/04/2016 at 3:35 am i did all the thing but it keeps happening Reply Ssb Shohag 06/04/2016 at 11:32 am I have a phone that can not run google play service.I have a clash of clan id into that’s phone,but I can not saved my game progress…how can i sing in google play games with my id….pls help Reply Baljeet 06/06/2016 at 3:20 am hello, it’s really nice and informative blog, After the update i facing some problems with my game. Thanks for sharing this problem Reply Harrold 06/27/2016 at 8:30 am I absolutely agree that all the websites that promise free gems are scam, but Clash of Clans bots are a completely different thing. I use Clashfarmer bot for over a year, it’s a free software. When i am on boost i make 2 million an hour. If i am not on boost I make just under a million an hour. Even the wall upgrade doesn’t suck anymore! :) Reply Xalan Collins 07/07/2016 at 7:34 pm This was super helpful! I was really freaking out for a second, but this made me fell so much better now that I can install it! Reply Xalan Collins 07/07/2016 at 7:35 pm feel so much better* My spelling is off today Reply dodo 07/17/2016 at 8:13 am work to boom beach Reply yash piithadia 07/31/2016 at 4:49 am No its not working by clearing cache or data pls do some thing i am laying this game from past many days and now it says it is not compatible Reply Chuck Saddlemire 08/04/2016 at 7:30 am Cleared play store and services cache and data. Worked! Reply vairamani 08/15/2016 at 9:51 am hai..i transfered to new device,,and i opened new village it asked for loading the previous village, i clicked load, its also loading but its not entering into my village its keep on trying but no use.i tried everything which is posted above.can any one help me in this. Reply starbright678 08/23/2016 at 12:24 pm I tried everything on here and nothing worked, so I went into my settings>apps>google play services>manage space>clear all data. It then had me agree to the terms again and voila, clash of clans showed up in the play store and I was able to download that AND clash royale Reply Aayusha 09/16/2016 at 7:59 am Seems like none of these tips work for rooted devices. WHY SUPERCELL?WHY!!?? Reply CaPtAiN_DrOgO 10/09/2016 at 3:11 am try downloading the apk file from any website(latest ver) and then update google play services and google play games from play store…….worked for me…gd lk Reply Parimal Gunjan 10/12/2016 at 2:45 am it works! Reply dawa 10/12/2016 at 10:21 pm i played till CC level 6 and after updating..its giving it is not avalable in your country..what should i do? i dont want to lose my base. Reply Mighty Hax 10/23/2016 at 8:56 am I am using a samsung tab 3 (old) all has been cleared but still now working Reply Mighty Hax 10/29/2016 at 9:05 pm The same here I am using an old samsung tab 3. All that fix solution is not working for me. Reply herysusanto 10/25/2016 at 4:47 pm What a software program we use to fix clash of clans if link device error..thanks bro Reply kay 11/22/2016 at 3:16 am I FOUND A CLASH OF CLANS DIAMONDS GIVEAWAY! http://maxclashgems.com Best players use this!! (nGHUT) Reply peter 12/19/2016 at 5:20 am Can I clear the cache even I forget all my password Reply santosh 01/07/2017 at 9:57 pm I brought new tab lenovo a2 10-70 compatable error plz fix it as soon as possible I am middle in war Reply ChPlaya 03/19/2017 at 7:13 am I also have the same problem and have overcome through this article, thanks for sharing this helpful way Reply mohamad 03/20/2017 at 1:48 pm BBC BBC Reply CH Play 04/06/2017 at 8:42 pm how to install google play on genymotion Reply Nicholas 04/17/2017 at 6:38 am YAYYYY!!!!!!!! Solved it !!!!!!! EVERYONE WHO HAS PROBLEM WITH A NEW PHONE or FACTORY RESETTED PHONE. Just wait for your Play store to be updated. It should solve the problem. IF the above doesnt work. :D :D :D :D :D :D Glad to be of assistance.. I also have the latest APK if anyone wants… you can download it here. let me know if it works for anyone else, This APK works for me. Doesnt need update again from google play/ Reply Justin 04/17/2017 at 6:38 am Hi,don’t mean to be a bother but I have a new tablet which is apparently incompatible with COC,I followed your directions and installed the apk you provided but im having the “new update – incompatible with device”problem and am wondering if its me,the device or the apk that’s the problem, thanks for the help as well mate Reply Lyle peekenschneider 04/17/2017 at 4:45 pm I can’t download clash of clans to my phone and I wanna know why this phone has Android so what is going on Reply Vicky 04/19/2017 at 5:28 pm The worst ever ..is a money sucking game with no results acievements no money no fun …and completely no response if you may have questions..is there no int . Agency who protect people against that kind if money grabing games ..they start with 7.5 $ payments for additional gold and then . ..is 15 and then 20 ..it never get less is always more ..is a totally fraud system legal ? Reply pratik 05/22/2017 at 6:32 am My device is not compatible Reply Rajesh kumar nath 05/23/2017 at 12:30 am being playing #Clash Of Clans for almost 6 months on the same phone, after the boat update now it is telling your device is not compitable for this version Reply Mudassir dar 05/24/2017 at 9:20 am I have same problem when I open clash of clan it shows this your device is not compatible that version then I take my brother phone and update clash of clan there then I will transfer into my device and it work fine .. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Follow GottaBeMobile Best Call of Duty WWII Deals 8 Best Galaxy S8 Screen Protectors 100 Best Android Apps for 2017 5 Best iPhone 7 Camera Lenses and Add-ons 16 Best LG G6 Cases 5 Best Apple Watch Alternatives 5 Best Chromebooks for 2017 7 Best Online Tech Learning Apps and Sites Best New 9.7-inch iPad Cases 28 Best iPhone 7 Cases Best iPhone 7 Skins 15 Best Offline Android Games 15 Best 2016 MacBook Pro Accessories Best Bluetooth Game Controllers for Android Best Fighting Games for Android (2017) 5 Best iPad Alternatives Running Windows Best Galaxy S7 Clear Cases 5 Best Alarm Clock iPhone Apps Best Password Managers for Android Best Action Games for Android (2017) © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved, SXL Media, Inc.
BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 What you need to know in advertising today Mike Shields May 24, 2017, 12:13 PM 64 facebook linkedin twitter email print Inside our campus network room, routers and switches allow our data centers to talk to each other. The fiber optic networks connecting our sites can run at speeds that are more than 200,000 times faster than a typical home Internet connection. The fiber cables run along the yellow cable trays near the ceiling. Google Google is promising advertisers access to more granular data on their ad campaigns, along with more flexible and powerful tools to track the performance of their advertising spending. The search giant is rolling out a new ad measurement product called Ads Data Hub which is designed to make it easier for marketers to get in-depth information on ad campaigns. To read more on whether Google's new ad data product will go far enough to please some skeptical marketers, click here. In other news: The deal that created Ben Lerer's new media empire, Group Nine, totaled $585 million. The entity includes the brands Thrillist, NowThis, The Dodo, and Discovery Communications' Seeker. Viacom is exploring sports-free, entertainment-only skinny pay TV bundle. The offering is expected to land in the $10 to $20 monthly price range – significantly cheaper than offering like Hulu's recently announced $40 per month package. Amazon is opening its first brick-and-mortar location in New York City. The new store, housed at Columbus Circle in midtown Manhattan, is the e-commerce giant's seventh physical outlet in the US. The ad tech elite gathered in New York on Tuesday for the annual Luma Digital Media Summit. Among the big topics on the agenda were Facebook's Live programming and the future of the TV business, reports Digiday. The impact of digital ad fraud may be on the decline.  A new report from the Association on National Advertisers and the fraud detection vendor White Ops predicts that the ad industry will lose $6.5 billion to ad fraud in 2017. That's down 10% from last year, reports AdExchanger.  NOW WATCH: China built a $350 million bridge that ends in a dirt field in North Korea Loading video... Follow Advertising: The Brief and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Advertising: The Brief and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: The Brief facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru What you need to know in advertising today What you need to know in advertising today Google is promising advertisers access to more... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: A deep dive into Tesla's stock price and Amazon 20 years after its IPO More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Business Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Technology Stories» PayPal Sues Pandora Over Logo Slow Down on the Tweets After Terror Attacks Uber Admits Stiffing NYC Drivers Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos' Big Idea Was Bananas Hack Exposes Florida Owners of Concealed Guns Most Loved and Hated Telecom Companies in US If You Invested $100 in Bitcoin in 2010, You'd Have $75M Now Secret Rules for Facebook Moderators Leaked After One-Star TripAdvisor Review, Restaurant Goes 'Nuclear' Apple Reinvents the Pizza Box, and It's a Wheel Boy and His Teddy Bear Wow Cybersecurity Experts A Tower That Fights Smog Is Waging a Battle in China Technology / Google Go to Grid|Next Story Google's Latest Move Has 'Massive' Privacy Implications Tech giant will start tracking offline purchasing By Evann Gastaldo,  Newser Staff Posted May 24, 2017 10:45 AM CDT 67 comments Comments This Oct. 20, 2015, file photo shows a sign outside Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif.   (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File)This Oct. 20, 2015, file photo shows a sign outside Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif.   (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) (Newser) – Google already tracks what you buy online; it's about to start tracking what you buy offline, too, the AP reports. The tech giant announced Tuesday it will start tracking money spent at merchants' brick-and-mortar stores by people who've clicked on those stores' digital ads. Google has access to about 70% of credit and debit card sales in the US, it explains, via partnerships with other data tracking companies; its new tool will match up those sales with the ad clicks of users logged into Google. Google can then let merchants know how effective their digital ads are at leading not only to online sales, but also to in-person sales, thus possibly convincing companies to increase the money they spend on online ads. Google runs the world's largest digital ad network. The Consumerist explains that location services on your phone could also be helpful in tracking offline purchases, giving this example: "Why yes, John Smith did see four ads for your coffee drink online yesterday, before spending exactly what one of those drinks costs at a location of yours near his office." And, as CNN reports, Google will also start making more of an effort to get people into physical stores by offering up local store information on YouTube ads. Google says its new tracking tool is not invasive and that the company won't have access to the exact amount spent or the particular items purchased by a user, but one privacy expert says it's possible for aggregated data to be used to identify individuals—and another marketing expert says this type of data could be tempting to hackers. "The privacy implications of this are pretty massive, so Google needs to tread very carefully," he says.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   2% Hilarious 6% Intriguing 4% Depressing 1% Brilliant 73% Scary 14% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 67 comments You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Next on Newser: Woman Caused $350K in Damage at Ex's House: Cops Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 67 comments Nasochkas May 24, 2017 5:55 PM CDT Nothing new here. All the various payment, retail and online companies collaborate and share data. I will in marketing and see it. but no is not possible to identify individuals in aggregated data by definition. The data does reside in non -aggregated form but no one cares about it. Marketers want to be able to reach x number of people with certain characteristics. No one cares to identify by name that someone bought a coffee. POStrump May 24, 2017 2:36 PM CDT F Google. People Start Paying with cash and stop using Google. They are the CIA. atonausar May 24, 2017 1:26 PM CDT Time to amp up anonymous browser and vpn speeds. View all 67 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Teen Leaps to His Death After Sex Video Accusations 1 Tenant Heard Tale of Missing Woman, Started to Dig 2 Transcript of Trump's Call to Duterte Is Leaked 3 Girl's Dad: Don't Blame Us for Sea Lion Snatch 4 Alaska Workers Make Grisly Find in Channel Debris 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Enter to Win a Trip to LA! People Performing Acts of Kindness After Manchester Explosion Will Move You to Tears Melania Appears to Slap Trump’s Hand Away and the Internet Cheers The Best Man at Pippa Middleton's Wedding Compared Her to a Dog During His Toast This Is Trump’s Most Unpopular Tweet From the Past Year, According to Science South Korea President’s Hot Bodyguard Is Driving the Internet Crazy Dramatic Video Captures Sea Lion Dragging Girl Into Water Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Killer Tide: Addicts Share Their Stories Local Lawmaker Demands Explanation Following Security Breach At LaGuardia... Could A Five Minute Fix Add Years To Your Life? Experts Say It Can Go to CBS Local Is This the Comic That Birthed Modern Sci-Fi? Uncharted Territory Not Yet a Thing of the Past The Outsider Photographing the Gritty Side of Brooklyn Go to Ozy It’s time to deep clean that Keurig — here’s how you do it This deer died from a hunting wound, but hunters found something remarkable... This crocodile thought it had a tasty snack when a lion decided to go for a swim Go to Rare Who Sings ‘Time Of My Life’ In ABC’s ‘Dirty Dancing’ Remake? 5 Differences Between ABC’s ‘Dirty Dancing’ Remake And The Original Movie 10 Things You Didn’t Think To Pack For MDW That Will Actually Save You Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter US world science US politics business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Guardian Small Business Network Adventures in Business Ask the experts: how to build your resilience Join us from 1.00pm to 2.00pm on Wednesday 31 May BST to talk to our panel about how to adapt and recover from adversity as an entrepreneur Updated Bouncing back from failure is easier if you’ve developed your resilience. Photograph: Alamy Stock Photo Supported by About this content Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Emma Featherstone @emfeatherstone Wednesday 24 May 2017 12.18 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 24 May 2017 14.47 EDT Key events Show 12.16pm EDT 12:16 What we'll be discussing Live feed Show 12.17pm EDT 12:17 How to join in the discussion Make sure you are a registered user of the Guardian (if not, it’s quick to register) and join us in the comments section below on 31 May. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.16pm EDT 12:16 What we'll be discussing Do you easily adapt to stressful situations? Are you quick to recover from failure? The more confidently, and honestly, you can answer yes to these questions, the more likely you are to be resilient. It’s a trait valuable to business owners, whose careers can be rife with knock backs. Indeed, four in 10 businesses cease trading in their first five years, according to an analysis of Office for National Statistics data by Ormsby Street. Whether you’ve been told your idea is unfeasible, been refused a bank loan or are dealing with a difficult client, strength in adversity will enable you to keep your enterprise alive – and help it grow. And yet some of the simplest strategies for improving resilience – getting enough sleep, exercising regularly and eating healthily – can be challenging for time-strapped entrepreneurs. But looking after yourself, taking breaks and creating a support network are a worthwhile investment. Questions we’ll look to cover in this webchat include: What is resilience? How can entrepreneurs help themselves to be more resilient? Where can they go for support in times of adversity? How useful are strategies such as mindfulness or cognitive behavioural therapy for building resilience? What’s the impact of poor mental, or physical, health on resilience? What practical steps can entrepreneurs take to make their businesses resilient? Updated at 12.21pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.29pm EDT 12:29 Submit a question You can post questions in the comments section below during the chat. Or you can send questions in advance, or during the discussion, by emailing smallbusinessnetwork@theguardian.com or by tweeting us at @GdnSmallBiz with your question. You can also post questions in the comments section at any time before the chat and the panel will take a look when it begins. Updated at 12.17pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close Topics Guardian Small Business Network Adventures in Business Entrepreneurs Mental health Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Guardian Small Business Network › Small business back to top US world science US politics business more become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsetters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All T-Mobile Continues Going After Verizon Customers With iPhone and Pixel Payoff Offer Natalie Walters May 24, 2017 11:51 AM EDT T-Mobile (TMUS)  is continuing to try to lure Verizon (VZ) customers away with aggressive promotions -- in this case, offering to pay the unpaid phone payments of customers with either an Apple (AAPL) iPhone or a Pixel phone from Alphabet's (GOOGL) Google if they switch carriers.  The limited time offer is being branded as #GetOutoftheRed in reference to Verizon's nickname "Big Red" and plays on the expression for being in debt. The promo starts May 31 and applies to owners of an iPhone 6S, SE or 7 model or any of Google's Pixel phones. Customers previously had to buy a new phone and transfer photos, contacts and apps to it when they switched carriers. "All that hassle -- gone!" the announcement says.  While customers can keep their phone after switching to T-Mobile, they do have to enroll in a $15-per-month phone insurance plan. AT&T (T) and Sprint (S) customers that switch can also get the rest of their qualifying phones paid for, but they will still have to buy a new phone when they join T-Mobile because it's harder to switch phones from those companies to a new carrier.  T-Mobile chief operating officer Mike Sievert told Fortune that the company wants to show customers that they aren't stuck with a carrier just because they bought a phone from them. "There's no such thing as a Verizon iPhone, there's no such thing as a Verizon Google Pixel," Sievert explained. "These are globally applicable technologies that work on all of the networks. People think they're stuck because they have to switch phones when they switch carriers and it's just not the case." T-Mobile's stock didn't seem to be reacting strongly to the news, with shares trading down slightly to $67.30 in early morning trading on Wednesday. The stock is trading up about 17% YTD and up a stunning 60% in the past year.  This announcement is just the latest development in the war for customers between the "Big Four" wireless carriers -- T-Mobile, Verizon, AT&T and Sprint. Earlier this year, all four companies started offering unlimited data plans in order to stay competitive. No plan is truly unlimited, however, as download speeds will slow when customers use a certain amount of data. Now that having an unlimited data offering isn't special, T-Mobile decided to also raise the threshold for when download rates will slow down for a customer to 32 GB from the previous 30 GB. That puts it one step ahead of Verizon and AT&T's 22 GB threshold and Sprint's 23 GB threshold.  T-Mobile also noted that this was the first of three big announcements coming this summer. The company's colorful CEO John Legere also took time in the announcement to needle his rival. "To kick off summer, we're going BIG right out of the gate and throwing a lifeline to millions of Verizon customers," T-Mobile CEO John Legere said in a statement. "So, now is the best time ever to #GetOutoftheRed!" Read More Trending Articles: Puma Bio FDA Advisory Panel Live Blog Tesla Could Be Worth $500 a Share if Its Model 3 Rollout Goes Smoothly, Analyst Says With Sears on Its Deathbed These 3 Things Are Must Watch Jim Cramer on Lowe's, Tiffany, Nvidia, Intuit, Nucor, Best Buy, Costco, Burlington and Ulta If you liked this article you might like T-Mobile Targets Verizon With #GetOutofTheRed Limited Time Offer Starting May 31, you can keep your phone when you switch to T-Mobile. TheStreet Staff May 24, 2017 1:03 PM EDT AT&T CEO: With Time Warner, We'll Have Almost One Trillion Ad Impressions a Year AT&T's Randall Stephenson discussed Time Warner's massive trove of ad inventory and how it plans to leverage it at an investor conference on Tuesday. Chris Nolter May 23, 2017 10:45 AM EDT Sprint CEO Says Merger With T-Mobile Would Create a 'Turbocharged Maverick' Savings and other benefits would be "significantly more" than the $30 billion estimates some have floated, Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure said. Chris Nolter May 22, 2017 5:51 PM EDT Trending 11 Countries to Visit With Caution FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal How People Reacted to China's Credit Rating Downgrade Hints the Entire Stock Market Has Gone Crazy Here's Apple's New iPhone 8, Maybe Step Away From the Ledge: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Wednesday 5/24/17) Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 This artist has a classroom of robots that chat, count and draw portraits This artist has a classroom of robots that chat, count and draw portraits Robots 1 day ago AlphaGo's Ke Jie defeat offers a sobering look at the future of man versus machine AlphaGo's Ke Jie defeat offers a sobering look at the future of man versus machine Artificial Intelligence 1 day ago WannaCry laid bare the NHS' outdated IT network – and it's still causing problems WannaCry laid bare the NHS' outdated IT network – and it's still causing problems NHS 1 day ago Andela, with Zuckerberg’s help, wants to connect a generation of African programmers Andela, with Zuckerberg’s help, wants to connect a generation of African programmers Technology 1 day ago Why Brexit and Trump are to blame for a rise in retro gadgets – and how brands take advantage Why Brexit and Trump are to blame for a rise in retro gadgets – and how brands take advantage Psychology 1 day ago 3D mapping uncovers extra layer of tectonic plates hidden in Earth's mantle 3D mapping uncovers extra layer of tectonic plates hidden in Earth's mantle Earth 1 day ago 11 of the best documentaries on YouTube right now 11 of the best documentaries on YouTube right now Documentaries 1 day ago The web is being misused: Opera's founder on why Google tracking should be banned The web is being misused: Opera's founder on why Google tracking should be banned Technology 1 day ago These serialised e-books drip-feed the story to leave you in suspense between chapters These serialised e-books drip-feed the story to leave you in suspense between chapters Books 1 day ago Scientists teach E.coli bacteria to 'draw'. Bacteria draws Mario Scientists teach E.coli bacteria to 'draw'. Bacteria draws Mario Bacteria 1 day ago Apple begins testing 5G technology that could make future iPhones super fast Apple begins testing 5G technology that could make future iPhones super fast WIRED Explains 1 day ago Could Square help the struggling high street survive Brexit? Could Square help the struggling high street survive Brexit? Technology 1 day ago Government plans to push through powers that will force tech giants to hand over encrypted messages Government plans to push through powers that will force tech giants to hand over encrypted messages Privacy 1 day ago WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for May 24 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for May 24 Technology 1 day ago Nokia 3310 is finally on sale in the UK Nokia 3310 is finally on sale in the UK Nokia 1 day ago Transferwise's Borderless bank account lets you save money in different currencies Transferwise's Borderless bank account lets you save money in different currencies Fintech 1 day ago You will soon be able to control your £15 IKEA lights using just your voice You will soon be able to control your £15 IKEA lights using just your voice Lighting 1 day ago Microsoft's new Surface Pro gets a bump in battery life and performance Microsoft's new Surface Pro gets a bump in battery life and performance Microsoft 1 day ago Instagram adds Location and Hashtag Stories to its Explore tab Instagram adds Location and Hashtag Stories to its Explore tab Instagram 1 day ago Snapchat adds custom Stories you can create with friends Snapchat adds custom Stories you can create with friends Snapchat 1 day ago Mobile wallet Curve launches 'time travel' tool to let you 'shop in the past' Mobile wallet Curve launches 'time travel' tool to let you 'shop in the past' WIRED Money 1 day ago AlphaGo wins again. DeepMind's AI has beaten Chinese world number one Ke Jie AlphaGo wins again. DeepMind's AI has beaten Chinese world number one Ke Jie Artificial Intelligence 1 day ago Security firms 'confident' the WannaCry attack was caused by the Lazarus group Security firms 'confident' the WannaCry attack was caused by the Lazarus group NHS 1 day ago Wingsuit pilot Fraser Corsan attempts to break 4 world records in 42,000ft jump Wingsuit pilot Fraser Corsan attempts to break 4 world records in 42,000ft jump Extreme Sports 1 day ago Amazon Echo's best Skills – and how to use them Amazon Echo's best Skills – and how to use them Amazon Echo 12 May 2017 The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 18 May 2017 The biggest movie releases coming out in May The biggest movie releases coming out in May Film 08 May 2017 The biggest new game releases for May The biggest new game releases for May Gaming 12 May 2017 The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 1 day ago This month's free games for PlayStation Plus This month's free games for PlayStation Plus Playstation 27 Apr 2017 Watch the F1 2017 season on Sky in Ultra HD Watch the F1 2017 season on Sky in Ultra HD Formula One 14 May 2017 Google tracks everything you do: here's how to delete it Google tracks everything you do: here's how to delete it Technology 20 Mar 2017 The best Netflix series and Original shows to watch right now The best Netflix series and Original shows to watch right now Netflix 01 May 2017 Best podcasts 2017: Podcasts like Serial on tech, culture and more for your commute Best podcasts 2017: Podcasts like Serial on tech, culture and more for your commute Podcast 16 May 2017 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About ONLY £1.50 AN ISSUE + FREE DIGITAL EDITIONS Subscribe Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up This artist has a classroom of robots that chat, count and draw portraits This artist has a classroom of robots that chat, count and draw portraits Robots 1 day ago AlphaGo's Ke Jie defeat offers a sobering look at the future of man versus machine AlphaGo's Ke Jie defeat offers a sobering look at the future of man versus machine Artificial Intelligence 1 day ago WannaCry laid bare the NHS' outdated IT network – and it's still causing problems WannaCry laid bare the NHS' outdated IT network – and it's still causing problems NHS 1 day ago Andela, with Zuckerberg’s help, wants to connect a generation of African programmers Andela, with Zuckerberg’s help, wants to connect a generation of African programmers Technology 1 day ago Why Brexit and Trump are to blame for a rise in retro gadgets – and how brands take advantage Why Brexit and Trump are to blame for a rise in retro gadgets – and how brands take advantage Psychology 1 day ago 3D mapping uncovers extra layer of tectonic plates hidden in Earth's mantle 3D mapping uncovers extra layer of tectonic plates hidden in Earth's mantle Earth 1 day ago 11 of the best documentaries on YouTube right now 11 of the best documentaries on YouTube right now Documentaries 1 day ago The web is being misused: Opera's founder on why Google tracking should be banned The web is being misused: Opera's founder on why Google tracking should be banned Technology 1 day ago These serialised e-books drip-feed the story to leave you in suspense between chapters These serialised e-books drip-feed the story to leave you in suspense between chapters Books 1 day ago Scientists teach E.coli bacteria to 'draw'. Bacteria draws Mario Scientists teach E.coli bacteria to 'draw'. Bacteria draws Mario Bacteria 1 day ago Apple begins testing 5G technology that could make future iPhones super fast Apple begins testing 5G technology that could make future iPhones super fast WIRED Explains 1 day ago Could Square help the struggling high street survive Brexit? Could Square help the struggling high street survive Brexit? Technology 1 day ago Government plans to push through powers that will force tech giants to hand over encrypted messages Government plans to push through powers that will force tech giants to hand over encrypted messages Privacy 1 day ago WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for May 24 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for May 24 Technology 1 day ago Nokia 3310 is finally on sale in the UK Nokia 3310 is finally on sale in the UK Nokia 1 day ago Transferwise's Borderless bank account lets you save money in different currencies Transferwise's Borderless bank account lets you save money in different currencies Fintech 1 day ago You will soon be able to control your £15 IKEA lights using just your voice You will soon be able to control your £15 IKEA lights using just your voice Lighting 1 day ago Microsoft's new Surface Pro gets a bump in battery life and performance Microsoft's new Surface Pro gets a bump in battery life and performance Microsoft 1 day ago Instagram adds Location and Hashtag Stories to its Explore tab Instagram adds Location and Hashtag Stories to its Explore tab Instagram 1 day ago Snapchat adds custom Stories you can create with friends Snapchat adds custom Stories you can create with friends Snapchat 1 day ago Mobile wallet Curve launches 'time travel' tool to let you 'shop in the past' Mobile wallet Curve launches 'time travel' tool to let you 'shop in the past' WIRED Money 1 day ago AlphaGo wins again. DeepMind's AI has beaten Chinese world number one Ke Jie AlphaGo wins again. DeepMind's AI has beaten Chinese world number one Ke Jie Artificial Intelligence 1 day ago Security firms 'confident' the WannaCry attack was caused by the Lazarus group Security firms 'confident' the WannaCry attack was caused by the Lazarus group NHS 1 day ago Wingsuit pilot Fraser Corsan attempts to break 4 world records in 42,000ft jump Wingsuit pilot Fraser Corsan attempts to break 4 world records in 42,000ft jump Extreme Sports 1 day ago Amazon Echo's best Skills – and how to use them Amazon Echo's best Skills – and how to use them Amazon Echo 12 May 2017 The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 18 May 2017 The biggest movie releases coming out in May The biggest movie releases coming out in May Film 08 May 2017 The biggest new game releases for May The biggest new game releases for May Gaming 12 May 2017 The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 1 day ago This month's free games for PlayStation Plus This month's free games for PlayStation Plus Playstation 27 Apr 2017 Watch the F1 2017 season on Sky in Ultra HD Watch the F1 2017 season on Sky in Ultra HD Formula One 14 May 2017 Google tracks everything you do: here's how to delete it Google tracks everything you do: here's how to delete it Technology 20 Mar 2017 The best Netflix series and Original shows to watch right now The best Netflix series and Original shows to watch right now Netflix 01 May 2017 Best podcasts 2017: Podcasts like Serial on tech, culture and more for your commute Best podcasts 2017: Podcasts like Serial on tech, culture and more for your commute Podcast 16 May 2017 Artificial Intelligence AlphaGo's Ke Jie defeat offers a sobering look at the future of man versus machine China's 19-year-old Go player Ke Jie faced off against Google's AI – and it beat him at his own game By Jamie Fullerton 1 day ago By Jamie Fullerton Wednesday 24 May 2017 Chinese Go player Ke Jie after his first match against Google's artificial intelligence programme AlphaGo VCG/VCG via Getty Images Shortly before what he said would be a “sleepless night” on Monday, Ke Jie, the world number one player of the Chinese board game Go, took to social media. The next morning he was scheduled to play his first of three games against AlphaGo, the algorithm developed by DeepMind, the British AI company owned by Google. ADVERTISEMENT “It may defeat Lee Sedol, but not me,” 19-year-old Ke boasted, after accepting the AlphaGo challenge, referring to the South Korean pro player toppled by DeepMind’s system last year. Writing on Weibo on Monday, his tone seemed less bullish as he announced he would never take on an AI player again after this week’s games. AlphaGo wins again. DeepMind's AI has beaten Chinese world number one Ke Jie AlphaGo wins again. DeepMind's AI has beaten Chinese world number one Ke Jie Artificial Intelligence 1 day ago “The speed of development of AI has been beyond our imagination,” he wrote. “I believe that the future belongs to AI. However, AI is a cold machine. Compared with human beings, I can’t feel its passion and enthusiasm towards Go. Its passion [ie. heat] only comes from a fast-working CPU. I will use all my passion to play these final games.” READ NEXT AlphaGo wins again. DeepMind's AI has beaten Chinese world number one Ke Jie AlphaGo wins again. DeepMind's AI has beaten Chinese world number one Ke Jie By Matt Burgess The feeling that the setting for Ke’s matches – the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, a water town near Shanghai – marked an end game for AlphaGo’s gaming exploits would be fuelled further by comments from DeepMind founder Demis Hassabis later. But first, the immense interest in AlphaGo in China was demonstrated when Hassabis walked in front of delegates in Wuzhen’s Internet International Conference and Exhibition Center yesterday morning. "When tested in January, posing as an online player named Master, AlphaGo clocked up 60 wins in a row, including some against Ke" The crowd thrust forward, smartphones aloft, as the besuited AI expert got the kind of reception usually reserved for a Bieber or Beyonce. “It’s funny: when we go to the UK no-one knows about us or AlphaGo,” Hassabis said backstage later, when asked about his celebrity status. “Then we go to China or South Korea and it’s crazy. After this week we’ll go back to our lives as underground workers.” ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT This startup wants to solve the social care crisis with AI This startup wants to solve the social care crisis with AI By Oliver Franklin-Wallis Hassabis’ work over the past year has focused on making AlphaGo, already proven to be a world-beater when it defeated Lee by four games to one in Seoul, the perfect Go-playing system. Since beating Lee it had been learning by playing millions of simulated games against itself, while the DeepMind team ironed out weaknesses exposed by the South Korean’s single game win against it. When tested in January, posing as an online player named Master, AlphaGo clocked up 60 wins in a row, including some against Ke. Few people gave Ke much hope of winning the $1.5 million prize on offer for conquering his digital nemesis yesterday. Sipping coffee in the beanbag-strewn lobby of the conference centre, one Japanese journalist who covered the Seoul matches talked about the excitement and uncertainty around that event, compared to the feeling of inevitability in Wuzhen. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT These headphones are always listening and can replay sounds from your past These headphones are always listening and can replay sounds from your past By James Temperton Hassabis, too, must have known it was close to a dead cert. When I asked him if the week marked an end game for the algorithm, he said the question of what comes next would be addressed soon. “We’re hoping that in a year or two we could be in a conference like this, hopefully announcing some science-based venture that would be very meaningful in the real world.” He added that the National Health Service could benefit from the AlphaGo algorithm aiding medical research, and that the environment could benefit. AlphaGo has already been used to reduce energy consumption in Google data centres by around 15 per cent, by making cooling systems 40 per cent more efficient. Ke, who is from China’s Zhejiang province, where the summit took place, didn’t seem particularly cool-headed as he took his seat opposite the AlphaGo proxy in a high-security game room at 10.30am. He bowed twice, nibbling the side of his mouth as he got stuck in. His plays, however, were bold, including an early move to place stones in three corners of the board and later, one to the centre. They were manoeuvers that mimicked those performed by AlphaGo in previous games Ke had studied. Playing the algorithm at its own game ultimately didn’t work, though, and by early afternoon he knew the game was lost. These headphones are always listening and can replay sounds from your past These headphones are always listening and can replay sounds from your past Music 3 days ago READ NEXT Google I/O 2017: all the highlights from the tech giant's developer conference Google I/O 2017: all the highlights from the tech giant's developer conference By Matt Burgess “The result was sort of expected,” said professional Go player Michael Redmond as he waited for Ke’s post-match talk in the main room. “As far as beating the machine now...it’s going to be difficult. But it’s hard to judge how it’s improving because it’s beyond the top players now.” Ke has further games to play this week against AlphaGo, which will also square off against a multi-player team and take part in a match paired with human players. Facing the crowd shortly after his loss, the world’s best human player came across as if he knew the results already, saying: “I haven’t found any weaknesses in it. I tried but failed. Its ability to understand, learn and decide has greatly improved and it’s difficult to catch up. Maybe the only way is to find bugs.” STR/AFP/Getty Images He described AlphaGo as the “god of Go”, and was asked about his Weibo post from Monday. “With this sort of development, in the near future the gap between humans and AI will not be filled easily,” he said. “I believe in the power of AI, that it will make the future better, and that the future belongs to AI.” ADVERTISEMENT He gave a further reason as to why he wouldn’t take on AI again, highlighting another crucial difference between algorithms and humans: “It doesn’t feel nice if you know you can’t win...” Europe vs Silicon Valley: behind enemy lines with the woman deciding Google's fate Europe vs Silicon Valley: behind enemy lines with the woman deciding Google's fate Politics 12 Apr 2017 280 million people watched Lee’s matches against AlphaGo, and there was a comparable global buzz in anticipation of Ke’s. Millions of Chinese Go fans would have been frustrated when authorities in the country suppressed coverage of the Wuzhen event. Google is blocked in China, where the Communist party’s grip on the internet and press is tightening as it seeks to strangle free speech and dissent. Google had government approval to host the AlphaGo event, but a live stream on the Chinese Bilibili platform was pulled shortly into its broadcast. A Chinese state media source confirmed that authorities ordered that Google not be mentioned by name in their reports. Considering the Chinese public’s passion for Go and AlphaGo, the shutdown added a sour note to what could be the last gaming outing for the world’s most impressive gaming AI, at this level at least. Let’s hope the announcement for the next step for DeepMind won’t get stamped on so hard. Artificial Intelligence Technology Google Share this article RECOMMENDED AlphaGo wins again. DeepMind's AI has beaten Chinese world number one Ke Jie AlphaGo wins again. DeepMind's AI has beaten Chinese world number one Ke Jie By Matt Burgess Google 1 day ago Google's DeepMind wins historic Go contest 4-1 Google's DeepMind wins historic Go contest 4-1 By Matt Burgess Artificial Intelligence 15 Mar 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 28 January WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 28 January By WIRED Business 28 Jan 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for January 5 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for January 5 By WIRED WIRED Awake 05 Jan 2017 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 35 Plus 1 on G+ 70 Share on Facebook 61 Share on Twitter Total Shares166 Applications Google News Videos Today Google started rolling out another update to Google Voice, bringing things up to 5.2 The new version of the app brings widgets in three new sizes. It also provides a new setting in the app for the 7-year-old call screening feature. The feature has been around for a while, but you can now enable and disable it via the app. It seems the last few months were no fluke, and Google is committed to keeping Voice updated now that it's been redesigned out of the Holo era.    At first glance, things look the same. The Google Voice app hasn't been redesigned or changed graphically. After all, we did just see a redesign. But, it does have some sweet new features. There are three new widgets and a new option for call screening. The only visual indicator that you'll find in the app of the version change to 5.2 is that new call screening option in the settings menu. You can find it under "Calls," and toggling it enables or disables a pre-call automated message that tells you who is calling, and gives you the option to take the call or ignore it. To be clear, this is the same feature that Google Voice has had for 7 years online, but now we are able to enable and disable it via the app. It is a simple tweak, but a useful one.     There are also the three new widgets, which you can see above and below. The two smaller widgets offer just a couple of options, and the smallest only has one button, which controls which number you call from. You can toggle between four different call modes for Google Voice, and a toast indicator and. These are the same four that were present in previous versions of Google Voice. Namely the ability to set Google Voice for all calls, the SIM for all calls, Google Voice for international calls only, or to ask each time. They might be the same options as before, but now it's much easier to switch between them, as you don't have to open the app every time you might want to change it. The middle-sized widget adds two more buttons. You get a do not disturb mode toggle and a messaging shortcut to the app. Both of the widgets are resizable, and each one turns into the other if you adjust it to meet the other's parameters.    The third widget is the big one, and I have expanded it in the images here past the default size to show things off. It basically brings all the functionality of the app over into your homescreen. You can see missed messages, calls, and voicemails, with a tab at the bottom for each. The same outgoing call and do not disturb toggles are present, though they are larger and include text indicators. You also get the messaging shortcut, and it shows you your Google Voice number in the corner, should you be the forgetful type. The new update started rolling out yesterday, though not everyone seems to have gotten it. I have not, but I was able to install the latest version manually. If you don't see the most recent version on Google Play, feel free to pull it down via APKMirror. Download QR-Code Google Voice Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk download call screening Google Voice update video widgets subscribe ... Previous Story 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) ... Next Story PayPal integration in Android Pay is going live Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Billy Presley "WOULD YOU LIKE SOME MAKING FUCK, ..." Phenomenal Kyle Gospodnetich Life changing yochanan ...BERSERKER! Gailjrobinson Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sv133c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sv133c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs423TopFishGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sv133c:....,....... Ryne Hager MY LOVE FOR YOU IS LIKE A TRUCK. darrsil Does this fix the voicemails not updating in the Google Phone app? This broke after the Voice redesign. Jeremy Couch This is all I want to know too! I guess I'll try it and report back. Jeremy Couch It's still missing. I'll restart and check again but doesn't look like good news. Ryne Hager Nah, it is still missing. abqnm First being able to finally f*n type to assistant and, and now this, the second major release for Google Voice, all in one week? I/O time does have some benefits. Carson Saldanha Wait, Voice now works with Assistant?! abqnm No, I don't think so. Maybe. Haven't tried, sorry. But what I was talking about us that you can now type to Google assistant instead of having to use your voice. When it replaced Google Now, it made the home button shortcut that used to allow easy access to searching by text go to Assistant, which was voice only. But Google finally, after many horrible months as fixed this by adding a keyboard popup in Assistant. And then the Voice app gets an update, so I was relating the too because both of these were very long-awaited updates. Though the screen calls one was like a decade old, but it finally came. The keyboard was only 3 months, but it was a considerably more important feature. WitnessG What is that circle icon in the status bar? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Looks like battery, which is a little redundant. WitnessG Is it part of O or is it a rooted feature cause I think it looks nicer than the regular battery icon. Roh_Mish Nope. Rooted feature. davidofmidnight Now if they would put some effort into accurate transcriptions... Adam Margeson Put some effort into? You should hear the quality of their source material. They've come a *long* way, especially the last couple years. Santos Chavez They have, I've had Google Voice for years and it used to be laughably horrible, but it's vastly improved since then. Even the recent Spanish transcription that was added gets 90% of what was said right. andy_o wth, finally added Spanish? Is it recognized automatically? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ I mean, it's certainly better, but I still get some pretty amusing transcriptions every now and then. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ That third blurred out face looks so familiar... Ryne Hager He's just some dick from AP comments. hp-fourtwenty multiple account control!!!!!!!!! Adam Margeson Except they've got it in their terms of use that you only have a single Google voice account. jcopernicus Been there since the last major update, and it's broken if you DONT want an account signed in, as it will randomly try to go through the setup. gvanmeter I hope they fixed photos getting turned sideways after being sent and the lack of 3gppp video support. jcopernicus Still no voip? oh Erick Wright Would be nice if we can make this the default SMS app destinyhud would be nice but then after 2 years google will remove it. so why even bother mama1nana I wonder when Google will allow Google Assistant to send GV sms. keithzg Obligatory "why can't we have this in Canada?" (Hilariously enough, I had a phone number that would have worked for this, but it got taken away by the corrupt right-wing provincial government for hilariously dumb and self-serving reasons years before Google Voice became available.) Justin Bassett Now if only those on Project Fi could use it.... www_LAAG_us Sounds like everyone has same complaints I do. C'mon google make some substantive changes. Im tired of little silly stuff and window dressing..oh wait thats right google engineers do what they want to do not what users want. sorry Jeffrey Linton Thanks Ryne for the info. MattBoan I'm still waiting for them to unify Voice and Hangouts. Well. Mostly just the VoIP feature that for some reason is allowed on Hangouts, but not the friggin' official Google Voice app. They've been saying it is "coming soon" for months if not years now. www_LAAG_us Amen to that sam1331 "Your suffering waiting on Google will not go unnoticed, and will be rewarded in the next life!" - A recovering 6-year Google Voice user I don't know why Google is putting more focus on Google Voice these days, but I suspect it will still be treated as a second class citizen as it always has, with its users always hoping Google will smile upon them and finally make it awesome. It's always one update away... Nexus✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Still no outgoing calls from the app (voip) forced to use carrier minutes to place calls. On iOS you have been able to for quite a while. Means on Android the hangouts dialer and hangouts stats installed. Sigh. destinyhud well u have hangouts dialer to make voip calls using google voice number. so u r not without an option. I am waiting for them to add that feature to google voice and then i will uninstall hangout dialer rap I've been getting more frustrated with Google Voice lately. It takes forever to connect and now about half the time, the call doesn't go through and I have to try a second time or use my sim card # which confuses people. I'm trying to figure out if it is related to my phone being connected to a wifi that requires a sign in (like a public wifi) or maybe just a week wifi. Po Lite My guess is you have shotty internet at those times. I hope this was fixed in this version 5.2 but ever since 5.0 was released Google Voice requires internet to make phone calls if you don't believe me try it. Turn off WiFi and Mobile Data reboot phone and you will not be able to make a call with Google Voice. Then go to APK Mirror and download any 4.x version and do the same thing and it works every time. I tried to convert to the new google voice and give up on hangouts but I go to areas where cell is ok but 3G and LTE are bad and Google Voice 5.x will fail on dialing. So I changed back to Google Voice 4.x and works like a charm. So now I am back on Google Voice version 0.4.7.10 and Hangouts for SMS. oh well hope it gets fixed. BTW this problem exists on three different phones 1 AT&T and 2 T-Mobile. rap I got an email with a helpful reply from Po Lite but I don't see it showing up here. It sounded like exactly the problem I am having. I will sum up what it said: Since version 5.0, internet access (wifi or mobile data) is required to make a GV call. Po Lite had this same problem and reverted back to GV version 0.4.7.10 so could make calls where have cell reception but no data. atc-tech Nice! The call screening thing is one of the features I was really missing from the app! I like the new app and I have been using it for SMS every since it came out. It's better than Allo because I can use it across multiple devices (tablet, phone, work phone) and it has an web client version on the website! What I really wish I could do now is use Google Assistant to send SMS via Google Voice with no workaround or "ghost" numbers. Also, VOIP calling from within the app. xyz Still US-only. Still don't give a fuck about voice. Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 18 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 35 1 Year Ago Today Google Is Preparing To Add The Raspberry Pi 3 To AOSP, It Will Apparently Become An Officially Supported Device 2016/05/24 2:21pm PDTMay 24, 2016 264 2 Years Ago Today An Exclusive Early Look At The New Google Photos App 2015/05/24 10:36am PDTMay 24, 2015 18 3 Years Ago Today ZeroLemon's 9500mAh Extended Battery For The LG G Pro 2 Is Now On Sale For $50 2014/05/24 4:39pm PDTMay 24, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Sci-Fighters, Judge Dredd: Countdown Sec 106, Race Illegal, Mensa Academy, And RE-VOLT Free 2013/05/24 7:11pm PDTMay 24, 2013 41 5 Years Ago Today Better Than Magic - Stick Your Phone To A Wall, Treadmill, Or... Ceiling With PU Pads From The Makers Of Capta 2012/05/24 5:09pm PDTMay 24, 2012 22 6 Years Ago Today HTC "Reviewing" Its Bootloader Policy - We'll Believe It When We See It 2011/05/24 5:16pm PDTMay 24, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today That Was Quick: EVO 4G’s Already Been Rooted 2010/05/24 4:09pm PDTMay 24, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 18 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 125 queries | 0.343s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Assistant now offers topical next-word keyboard suggestions Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/05/24 7:57am PDTMay 24, 2017 40 Plus 1 on G+ 57 Share on Facebook 50 Share on Twitter Total Shares147 Google News A number of interesting upgrades for the Google Assistant were announced during the I/O developer conference last week, including the option to use the keyboard as the default input method instead of voice. Now that people have had a chance to play with the new setting it's become apparent that Assistant offers its own next-word suggestions, seemingly related to current events. How this works will depend on which keyboard you're using. If you’re using Gboard, its suggestions line will be disabled entirely and those from the Assistant will be displayed instead, as you can see in the first example below. If you're using another keyboard, such as SwiftKey (shown in the second example below), you'll see Assistant's proposed next words in a supplementary line above the keyboard's own. It stands to reason the implementation is a little smoother with Google's own Gboard.   Left: Assistant suggestions with Gboard. Right: With SwiftKey, Assistant adds a second row of suggestions. From the examples shown, and others we've tested, it seems next-word suggestions from the Google Assistant work much like the instant autocomplete queries that show up when you use Google Search, in that they will change depending on what's trending at the time. This could save you a lot of time if you're searching for something related to current affairs or even recent technology news. Another potentially useful aspect of this new feature can be seen when not entering anything with the keyboard at all. At this point, Assistant will show you the last two voice queries that a linked device has dealt with. In the example below, the last two questions Artem asked his Google Home are now appearing as suggestions. That's pretty useful if you want to see the information Google Home has already read out to you in written form, or if you want to explore the topic further. If anyone comes across anything else of interest, be sure to let us know. Thanks: Kavan Trivedi and Carson Saldanha Tags assistant gboard Google keyboard real-time suggestions Swiftkey subscribe ... Previous Story Google Opinion Rewards is now available in India, Singapore, and Turkey ... Next Story Garmin announces the VIRB 360-degree action camera, can record video at 5.7k and costs $799.99 Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Naga Sridhar Tried this yesterday! I think this makes Assistant more useful than before! Its easy to engage with assistance this way! Total Insecurity Which language? English? And which country? USA? Naga Sridhar Yes and yes! F4LL0U7 Indeed, what IS going on with the Trump and Bill O'Reilly? R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ They are being awesome. Unpopular but awesome F4LL0U7 I think your definition of "awesome" might be unpopular. But I don't know, maybe I shouldn't mess with that fancy and intimidating little Trumpette flag you're wearing on your username. Adam Margeson It doesn't look like it's "Taking over GBoard's suggested words". It looks like it's just stacking the auto-suggest on top of whatever keyboard might be up and leaving GBoard's suggestions line disabled. I'm not saying that Assistant's suggestions are worse than what your keyboard might suggest, but it seems like they're never going to enable suggested words for GBoard in the Google App or Assistant. Scott Scrivens Sorry, that was phrased badly but has now been corrected. Thanks for pointing it out! Winston I don't think Gboard suggestions were ever ENabled for Google Assistant in the first place. It wasnt in Google Search. andy_o The word suggestions are enabled on Assistant, have been since the beginning (since i/o). I depend on them cause I swipe, hopefully this new feature doesn't take that away. Vorastra http://i.imgur.com/oDS1j4z.png Adam Margeson Wierd. Apparently things have changed a bit since I stopped using Assistant. (Switched language to US Virgin Islands to go back to Now On Tap) Adam Margeson Kinda my point. They still haven't enabled it, Assistant is just providing it's own suggestions. AP was talking as if it was enabling it in GBoard and then taking it over. At least, that's how I read the article. Jonathan Payne I still don't have the keyboard option...so cool I guess? Andrew Palmer Try a reboot? Mine arrived quickly which surprised me. makapav Yeah me neither. I still haven't gotten around to setting up the voice personalization between myself and my wife on our Google homes. Maybe that's what I need to do first. Tobias S. And I still don't have the assistant at all.. ddevito So...Google Search? Jesus Google just make it all one app and one consistent experience. Exalm Uhm, it actually is one app. One huge app. ddevito Not on iOS it isn't, nor is the experience all interconnected on Android. Exalm I have no idea how it is on iOS, but on Android blog I would expect people to refer to Android unless specified. :) And on Android it _is_ technically one app. Experience is another thing, and I would agree that it could be more consistent. Ganesh Jain And Google Assistant is not available on my S7edge(Indian veriant) with Google Beta app installed... Abhilash Bingi Try changing your system language to English (US) Ganesh Jain It's on English US Ram S Charan Update your Google play services David Hyman I don't have this yet :( Exalm A question to people who already have this or the new query history: what Google app version do you have? Zaman It is still a kind of proof of concept. Still pretty unriable. Try to update your calendar with that voice control - miss or hit... Using keyboard is still the only option if you want to have the thing done quickly, especialy with a help of an app like that one: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.a3w4u.addquickeventfree Marcelove What's going on with Trump? He is showing his moves... https://youtu.be/eFOyCwCRTgw Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 10 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.746s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Live FLS Google Adds New Family Sharing Features to Calendar, Keep, and Photos – Mac Rumors Posted on May 24 2017 - 7:11am by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 33 Related Intel Brings Thunderbolt To The CPU, Gives It Away – Tom’s Hardware Can These Smartphone Giants Make a Mark in Self-Driving Cars? – Madison.com Mac Rumors Google expanded the range of family sharing features across a handful of its digital services on Tuesday. The new additions rolled out to Google Calendar, Google Keep, and Google Photos. Setting up a family group in Google Calendar now automatically … Google Families lets you share content more easlilyDaily Mail Google adds easy, simple family sharing to Calendar, Keep, and PhotosThe Verge Google brings family sharing to YouTube TV, Calendar, Keep, PhotosSlashGear CNET –Engadget –Android Headlines –Digital Trends all 29 news articles …read more Source:: Tech News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Join Our Email List Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Las Vegas Pol Blasts NFL Oakland Raiders Zennie62 on YouTube Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Oakland Raiders Derek Carr, Wash Redskins Kirk Cousins Seeking NFL Contracts What Did Mark Davis Do To Keep NFL Raiders In Oakland? Kirk Cousins On Terrelle Pryor, Jay Graden Calling Redskins Plays NFL Pro Bowl Game Returns To Orlando For 2018 Ariana Grande Should Sing After Manchester To Give Finger To Attackers SF Bay Area Events Today - Mirror Corp Events 1500 Harrison San Francisco Tony's Wine Cellar & Bistro Empty At Houston Airport 318-542-4347 Fake IRS Tax Evasion Phone Scam Annie Thorisdottir Hot Female Crossfit Athlete In Vogue World Faces Six Attacks In Two Days, Latest In Jakarta Roger Goodell On Mark Cuban's NFL Las Vegas Raiders vs Oakland Comments http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL AFLW Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Every Step Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Eating Out Melbourne Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting RealEstate News Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Classifieds Tributes Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad No Cookies To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose "App Settings" from the menu Turn on the option "Links Open Externally" (This will use the device's default browser) Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy > Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy Options > Under the Hood > Content Settings Check Allow local data to be set Uncheck Block third-party cookies from being set Uncheck Clear cookies Close all Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu. Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Also In News... Fuel claim Motorist claims contaminated Caltex fuel left new car undriveable Fatal smash Mohamad Hassan fighting culpable driving charges over double fatal crash Vanished Search continues for missing Benalla women Judy and Isabel Stephens Law & Order New council to tell courts community expectations on sentencing No apology CFA slams political robocalls that claim splitting the fire service will put families at risk Assault weapons Lord Mayor Robert Doyle calls for discussion about police being armed with semiautomatics Road hazard City of Melbourne to stop issuing new permits for CBD horse carriages Terrifying attack Carjacking victim fights for justice after attacker escapes conviction Tiny room Apartments proposed for Preston without any bedrooms Extract Behind the 1960s Queen Victoria Market Calabrian mafia wars Exclusive Probe into bullying claims against United Firefighters Union boss Back on beat Up to 50 police back on beat with senior custody officers to babysit criminals in Victorian cells Seeking sisters Missing sisters Emily and Tahlee Roper may have been taken out of Victoria Lobby laws Ex-Labor MP Stephen Conroy raises concerns after joining Victorian lobby register Election recount Vote on powerful Labor positions corrupted as rogue delegates vote twice Sponsored Links Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Odds.com.au Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2017 Copyright
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Web Column Tech And now, a brief definition of the web New, 14 comments Linkable; agnostic to the client by Dieter Bohn@backlon May 24, 2017, 11:01am EDT Illustrations by James Bareham share tweet Linkedin What exactly is the web? It seems like a stupid question because we all know the answer: the web is the thing Tim Berners-Lee invented in 1989. It's not the same thing as "the internet," which is what we use to access the web, apps, and streaming video. It's what we visit every day with our web browsers on our phones and laptops. Simple, right? Well, no. Traditionally, we think of the web as a combination of a set of specific technologies paired with some core philosophical principles. The problem — the reason this question even matters — is that there are a lot of potential replacements for the parts of the web that fix what's broken with technology, while undermining the principles that ought to go with it. The web is more than HTML, CSS, and Javascript The tech you think of as "the web" is HTML, Javascript, and CSS. (For simplicity, I'll just refer to it at the "HTML stack.") Those technologies are so open and flexible that they've taken over the world. That very flexibility also means that they've been abused, slowing down the mobile web with trackers that invade our privacy and deplete our batteries. So a lot of tech companies are flailing around looking for ways to fix this problem. There are web apps that work in Chrome but not really all that well elsewhere. There are Instant Articles in Facebook and AMP pages on Google. There are Instant Android apps that stream to your phone over the internet instead of being installed, which go away when you're done with them just like a browser tab. Google claims to be trying to bring some of the open ethos of the web to smart speakers. Hell, go back to 2014 and you'll find Apple pundit John Gruber arguing we should consider apps and "anything transmitted using HTTP and HTTPS" as part of the web. In theory, I don't think there's anything essential about HTML stack when it comes to what the web is. I don't have the visceral hate for that technology that many do, but I do have a deep and abiding love for the principles of the open web. So as a thought exercise, I'd like to define those principles without reference to the technology. The HTML web may be slow and annoying and processor intensive, but before we rush too fast into replacing it, let's not lose what's good about it. And now, a brief definition of the web: To count as being part of the web, your app or page must: 1. Be linkable, and 2. Allow any client to access it. That's it. Okay, not really. There are a lot of details to get into here, specifically with the second point. But let's tackle the first, because it's easy. Whatever it is you're publishing should be linkable: it should have a URL that other things can point to. If it dictates what app is allowed to access it, it’s not really part of the web But links aren't the complicated part; it's the part where your thing should allow any client to access it. For the web, that rule is pretty clear: whether you use Chrome or Safari or Edge or Opera or whatever, when you click a link or type in a URL, you get the page you wanted (more or less). Those pages are agnostic to the client. That agnosticism isn't easy; it's driven by web standards and the W3C organization that crafts them. They have periodically been problematic as this or that browser becomes popular and the company behind it encourages web developers to code specifically to their browser (Internet Explorer 6, Mobile Safari, Chrome), but those issues have tended to resolve themselves over time. When people talk about the "open web," agnosticism to the client is really at the heart of it. A page or app may be free (as in beer) and linkable, but if it only works on specifically proscribed platforms (iOS, Android, Facebook, Chrome), it's not really open. So you can run through all the web-like things in that list above, look at that two-part test, and just say straight up that these things don't count as part of the open web. Google is making a lot of things that could undercut the web Android Instant Apps: only work on Android. Not the web. Facebook Instant Articles and Apple News: pay no attention to their weird URL redirecting and HTML-esque code, they only work on their respective platforms. Not the web. It can get messy, though, especially with technologies like Instant Articles or AMP. Particularly AMP, which is build on a subset of the same HTML stack that powers the web. Any normal web browser can view an AMP page, so, as a technology to supplant the traditional full HTML stack, AMP seems promising. But it's tricky. The only reason that works is thanks to Google's largess. Setting aside how AMP's URL scheme and core business case can be problematic, the real issue for AMP being part of the web is that Google defines the terms of what does and doesn't work on AMP and could limit it whenever it likes. The question is whether any technology with specs that are solely defined by a single company can truly be trusted to be agnostic to the client. Sure, Google has been good for the web (or, better stated, vice versa), but that's no guarantee it won't undercut it if it's profitable. Instant Android apps and custom app indexing are just two ways that the company is hedging its web bets. Twitter's history is instructive on this question. Once upon a time, anybody could make an app that would work directly with Twitter's raw data. It was essentially a real-time news service / social network that anybody could make a client for on any platform. That is, until Twitter capped how many users those apps could have. Twitter is part of the web, but it could have been the progenitor of another kind of non-HTML web had it not locked down its APIs. The open web is a vital part of the open internet; we shouldn’t let it fade away Speaking of questions, I'll re-pose one from earlier: who cares? Well, I do. The openness of the web allowed small companies to become big ones without seeking permission from the biggest ones. Preserving the web, or more specifically the open principles behind it, means protecting one of the few paths for innovation left in the modern tech world that doesn't have a giant company acting as a gatekeeper. And there's reason not to trust those giant companies: there's much less incentive to encourage openness when you have a massive empire to defend. Not everything has to be as open as the web, but some things should be. As we gear up to argue about net neutrality, it's worth remembering that ISPs aren't the only gatekeepers on the internet. I don't have anything against apps or proprietary services. I use them every day. Many of them look like the web and work like the web. But they're not the web. Next Up In Tech Gogoro’s colorful new electric scooter is twice as cheap but just as fast as before AT&T CEO muses about 20-minute mobile versions of Game of Thrones The Splash Drone 3 is the Aquaman of drones You Spider-Can be Spider-Man with your very own Spider-Drone Facebook reportedly orders original video shows from BuzzFeed and Vox Sony is discontinuing its midrange Xperia lines to focus on its flagship smartphones Now Trending Far Cry 5 promises to be controversial, but not for the usual reasons Far Cry’s new enemies are American. DJI's $499 Spark is the company's cheapest and tiniest drone yet It’s about as small as a soda can Amazon is having a rare one-day sale on the Echo Dot The first time this year that we’re seeing discounts on a single Echo Dot DJI will now handicap your drone until you register it with the company Gogoro’s colorful new electric scooter is twice as cheap but just as fast as before It’s still only for sale in Taiwan, though Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 30. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest AlphaGo beats Ke Jie again to wrap up three-part match by Sam Byford Gogoro’s colorful new electric scooter is twice as cheap but just as fast as before by Sean O'Kane 6 comments / new AT&T CEO muses about 20-minute mobile versions of Game of Thrones by Adi Robertson 7 comments / new Netflix is bringing Ellen DeGeneres back to standup by Kwame Opam 6 comments / new The Splash Drone 3 is the Aquaman of drones by Chaim Gartenberg 1 comment / new You Spider-Can be Spider-Man with your very own Spider-Drone by Paul Miller Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... SMS support for Hangouts officially ends today, excluding Google Voice and Project Fi subscribers Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/22 2:29pm PDTMay 22, 2017 98 Plus 1 on G+ 282 Share on Facebook 103 Share on Twitter Total Shares483 Applications Google News Videos Today is the day that Hangouts finally loses SMS support. We were warned by Google about it months ago when Hangouts started showing a warning that it would no longer support the feature. But, as of today, it's finally set to happen. For anyone who isn't on Project Fi or Google Voice — both of which will continue to support SMS in Hangouts — this is the end of an era. Many people, myself included, made the final push into Hangouts over other services when SMS support was added. The integrated conversations made it much easier to keep short communications together in one place. So far there's no word on if SMS support will be coming to Allo. Now that Hangouts support for SMS is finally over, we aren't really left with a clear migration method. Anyone that might have made use of it will have to either deal with using two separate apps again or move over to a new service. If you are looking for recommendations, Google's stock Android Messages isn't so bad. But, if you've been enjoying having SMS and chats merged, that isn't really a solution. Allo is always an option. But, that's the same issue from the other side, you'd still need to find a way to send SMS messages. There's always Facebook Messenger or Signal, which both provide a combined SMS and chat solution. Each has its disadvantages, though.  The latter doesn't have quite the same feature set that Hangouts did, and the former is a Facebook product. Either way, it's closing time. You might have just enough left to send one last SMS before the lights are shut off. If you still plan on using Hangouts for chats going forward, make sure you've updated to the latest version of over at Google Play or APKMirror. Download QR-Code Hangouts Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags Google Voice hangouts sms sms support video Voice subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Start off this week with 17 temporarily free and 15 on-sale apps, plus the first ... ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Anker PowerCore II 3x USB 6A 20000mAh dual input battery $34 after $10 off coupon code Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Never even used it once, Good_Ole_Pinocchio You're definitely in the minority there. Total Insecurity You know, buddy...? I never get it if you are just joking/lying or just clever and funny. Your name makes it pretty difficult to differentiate! Roy Me to crappy app. mxwp not even when you were checking your gmail on the computer and someone sent you a instant message? PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Never had the occasion. Cool story though: I was going to take a screen showing no archives, no "buddies" or whatever, and I see my wife has sent me a bunch of stickers (don't see a date, though). which is a surprise becauyse she's an iPhoner and I didn't even know she had Hangouts. Now I like Hangouts just as they EOL it! Suicide_Note Maybe she meant to send them to her boyfriend instead of you? ;) PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ lol YaKillaCJ Hangout is a great side number. TechGuy22 LOL 4Ui812 Google hangouts ... The only place where people never hanged out . cadtek91 *hung Ryne Hager Dunno, don't remember seeing anyone get hanged either. Even if we all got left out to dr-WHY GOOGLE, WHY?! JVF When referring to people it is always "Hanged", sounds funny but that's just how it is. It's a past participle. Ryne Hager Yup, I know. That was the joke. Jason E Perkins Yup. The past participle form of "hang out" is definitely "hung out." "Hanged" only means "suspended" or "put to death by hanging." 4Ui812 I understand what you're saying and I debated the proper way to put it..... I have to stand by hanged. xyz Hung Lo? instinct I am like 6 different active group chats in Hangouts. Good_Ole_Pinocchio Google doesn't care about you. humulos A truer statement has never been said Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2c9aad5a41d09ce24c4c4e04e7b3a28a2004487ff015df2fc519b5c2a9556024.gif Adrien Aubel Google's messaging strategy is now: - Android Messages for carriers & OEMs - meaning strictly SMS/RCS - Allo for their new consumer messaging service, and the focus of their upcoming work - Hangouts for business/enterprise Nothing personal :) humulos How innocent we once were, at the time when we witnessed Talk, Voice, SMS and G+ Messages become a single product, fulfilling all our dreams. Undone in naught but a few years, with this final limb being ripped from the body. But I guess I'm on Project Fi, so I'm good for now. My parents weren't happy about this news, since our family communicates primarily on large Hangouts threads. mxwp but if they are using actual Hangouts IM threads and not SMS they can still use Hangouts Shannon Butler Home-based mummy Kelly Richards from New York after quitting from her fulltime occupation has able to make from $26000 to $28000 on a monthly basis from freelancing in the house... This is just one way she successfully done it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now humulos For sure, and they still do. They just don't like having to use multiple apps for messaging. Adrien Aubel IMHO those big plans haven't been followed by strict coding/design rules, and Hangouts became progressively a technical mess, then a true nightmare for anybody to work on, with the UI becoming slower with each version, fortunately partly compensated by faster phones. To be fair, SMS/MMS can be very complicated to deal with, and Android development was much harder and potentially messy when Babel has been developed, the technologies available nowadays would have helped a lot. So down the road it would have been neither productive or future-proof to keep iterating all efforts inside Hangouts, at least without a total recode from the ground up. Right now I wonder if they will indeed clean the code up to remove all carrier SMS/MMS, and eventually speed up the app and make it smaller, or just roughly disable it. t_newt If Hangouts became a technical mess, the solution isn't to drop Hangouts, it's to fix Hangouts. They could have made it a framework for their products that any of their messengers could be installed into. Instead they are trying to make it an enterprise Slack competitor. What company is going to trust their company to Google's leftovers? "SMS/MMS can be very complicated to deal with". Apparently this is true at Google. Duder12 They aren't getting the left overs. They are getting two brand new products. Hangouts Meet and Hangouts Chat. pfmiller SMS can be complicated to deal with, but it's not dealt with by Hangouts. The OS handles SMS itself and then gives whichever SMS app you select access to the SMS message database. Adrien Aubel If you mean that the app doesn't have to interact directly with the radio, you're right. But the APIs provided for SMS/MMS by Google are nonetheless very tricky to integrate beautifully with. For example, the ContentProvider could be so much cleaner to interact with, and some OEMs like Samsung crash on non-simple queries. Another example is that most apps ship their own MMS logic, usually based on Google's own sources ( https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/services/Mms/+/master/ ), in case the carrier or OEM customized the system MMS logic and made it not work properly with apps other than their own, or if the system isn't configured correctly, and let the user the option to switch between this logic ("Legacy") and their system when it comes to send MMS. We could expect better from an OS serving 2B active users, but I'm glad it's at least open to 3rd party apps, unlike iOS. My name is…. Nobody ever used Hangouts for SMS outside America. Actually, nobidy uses SMS no more. There DOES exist a world outside America, you know, and its much bigger!! sproc Haha, you wish. Everyone I know is stuck on sms. They try whatsapp and stuff then abandon it. Adrien Aubel Especially iOS users, who already have a great "Messages" app that outsmarts SMS when possible. For them it doesn't make too much sense to download another messaging app every now and then. Rodrigo Gomes da Silva So.. where are you from? Jay No you wish, but you must be in the states. No one i know uses SMS anymore. It's an archaic dead service, only used for bank transaction notifications and amazon deliveries. Everyone else is either on whatsapp (yes 220 million of us in this country and growing at 4 million a month) or (wechat which is like what 85-90 percent of China) No one cares for SMS. xyz And where do you live? America. We already know. TheDrunkenClam What an unnecessarily smug and nagging comment. Winston Well it's true, even if it's smug. Outside the US, SMS is pretty much dead as we've all moved towards WhatsApp, as carriers still don't give unlimited texts by default. I think it's time to start asking another company for SMS integration. Christopher Gannon That would work if so many people in the US weren't using iMessage, where the only way a non-apple user can chat is via SMS. Then apple makes it very difficult NOT to use it, so good luck convincing your friends to give up siri, etc. I'd also like a solution, like hangouts or iMessage, where messages aren't restricted to a phone, and I can seamlessly use both on my laptop, tablet or phone. Jacquilinefpaniagua Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sc164c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sc164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketStockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sc164c:....,..... xyz What an unnecessarily stupid response to a fact. Ryan Yes, but we still have all of the money. xyz You mean the top 1% of your country has all the money. The rest of the developed world gets free healthcare and education, so even our middle class have plenty of spare cash to spend. Magister Good for them. I live in us and everyone uses sms, so that's what I use. What everyone else uses is moot. Michael Sørensen Nonsense. I'm not in the US (Europe) and the VAST majority in my country still use SMS. Alejandro And how do you send voice clips through SMS? Good luck with that runamonk Why the fuck are you sending voice clips? Just call them for fucks sake lol. Jesus you kids these days. IT'S A PHONE. Adrien Aubel At invi we observed that a significant amount of our users rely heavily on push to talk and voice typing. We want to improve it so that when you pick up the phone and put it on your ear it plays any unread message to make it more lightweight, as well as an auto-transcribe, but it's already pretty useful when you and your contact are used to it. When you're biking, on your way to the office, cooking, cute messages to your SO, ideas (that you can send to yourself as well), ... You can let your recipient get to your message whenever (s)he wants rather than requiring his/her availability right here and then. That being said, we'll bring soon WebRTC video calls / possible Duo integration to get face-to-face in one tap, and we expect this to indeed take over and reduce the microphone features usage. nigra truo Hahaha, you look silly defending a deficiency, voice memos are super useful, especially when driving or if somebodie's on a call. Used by many not stuck on sms. runamonk I'm not defending anything, sms is old and very long in the tooth. It should have been removed years ago. Andrew MMS handles voice clips just fine in my experience. dblock Easy, if your SMS app supports this (mine does), you can send voice clips as an attachment like any other MMS message. nigra truo Wow, the man is still using the archaic technology that is mms. Hahaha! I have not sent one like that since 2011, when i discovered whatsapp. Adrien Aubel I don't know if that's exactly what you meant, but on invi ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi ) you have push to talk, voice typing, and ability to share audio externally from any app (depending on the format and your carrier we may host it ourselves and send a link FYI). It's not just yet open outside of USA but I can eventually give you an APK if you can't wait to try it out, lmk! Tomáš Petrík Free for everyone, you say? Not here... And yes, I am in the EU. nigra truo Sms is over in europe, don't know where you are from, but you might want to be less backward and start using whatsapp like a billion other people, sms is archaic and it Can't do so many things that whatsapp can, which is already the defacto international IM standard, even on iphones, as it supports all the platforms. Michael Sørensen Scandinavia. And no one uses WhatsApp. Maybe backwards, but it works, and I still haven't seen a compelling argument for changing... Josh Brown outside america and use it everyday. Jason Hirsch I was very annoyed at having to add Hangouts as my SMS client. I couldn't keep separate separate anymore. Now in combination with Fi, GV, 2 phones and obi it's a nightmare. On this overseas trip i couldn't force Fi to dial via WiFi. So i had to go back and install Hangouts dialer. If they (Google) have a master plan there's no rhyme or reason to it. Nick I'm not sure what the future holds for us Fi users, but it's looking grim. My family and work is in the same boat it seems. I have been promoting Hangouts for a long time since it could handle everything I needed plus some, now as our services split out communications start to waver... All I can hope for now is they at least follow through with their promises to allo and add desktop support. (Status: Soon ™) atc-tech Google Voice users should still be able to use it too, I think? I don't know. I switched the the updated GV app when it came out around the same time the hangouts DEintegration was announced, so I'm not sure, but I think Voice users still can... Aaron Berlin Who knows what the plan is long-term for GVoice in Hangouts, but the actual GVoice app is actually good now. No equivalent to the chrome extension/desktop app, though. Ryne Hager You are right, Google Voice users can also continue to receive SMS messages in the app, I'll make that more clear. atc-tech Cool. I wasn't sure GV still could, but I thought I remembered hearing that we could. I gave up already though and use the prettier new GV app... Wish they would add back more features though. Ryne Hager The new app is so pretty. I do wish my GV voicemails would show up in my call logs again, though. atc-tech Yes! Along with the options for do not disturb mode. mxwp i exclusively use my GVoice number for calls and texts and use it on Hangouts. the update GVoice app has an annoying bug in that it tries to connect every account on your phone instead of just your main one. i have submitted it as a bug but have not heard anything back Tom Harman So when does Allo officially get SMS support, lol. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Same time it gets tablet support: Never. rndusrnm479461 Am I the only one who doesn't understand what's so good about SMS integration in either Allo or Hangouts? Is it really hard for you people to use 2 apps? Jesus christ. Google's "Android Messages" is lightweight anyway, why is it such a problem to use it? It shouldn't even eat much RAM. Kyle Gospodnetich Yes, yes you are. Please never work for Google, or really any company that has a hand in communications. My name is…. No, he is not Kyle Gospodnetich Congrats, now there's two of you idiots. iluvthesoftsoft One do-it-all app > two apps Adrien Aubel Let me know what you think about invi, https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi, we're trying to fix texting on Android and provide transparent switch between SMS&IM (devices handshake when you get into chats so that we determine whether you or the recipient has poor reception and should prefer SMS for example). MJ Two apps? One app for SMS and than Facebook, WhatsApp, Allo/Hangouts, and whatever to cover all my contacts. SMS is the only thing I can message 100% of my contacts with. Adrien Aubel Google's messaging strategy is now: - Android Messages for carriers & OEMs - meaning strictly SMS/RCS - Allo for their new consumer messaging service, and the focus of their upcoming work - Hangouts for business/enterprise They can't risk to upset carrier and OEMs by implementing non-carrier features in Android Messages / the default SMS app they provide. Or at least it's a risk they're not ready to take at that time. Btw I wouldn't say "Android Messages" is that lightweight btw, notably on modern devices it could be so much smoother :( sam1331 I don't get it either. When Android Messages came out I switched my SMS over to it. I quickly realized I was using it almost exclusively for 2 factor verification codes. But really, the notifications all go to the same place, I already have to decide whether to use Hangouts or Facebook Messenger when talking to basically anyone anyway. I also think people should push a little harder to move conversations over from SMS to something else, I've never found that to be very difficult. mxwp SMS is convenient because you know it will work with any American with a cell phone... including "dumb" flip phones. And it actually is really difficult to get people to switch to another service. Apple users just use imessage to send their SMS to me. And then I send them my glorious green bubbles and those ishills can suck it. YaKillaCJ Sms integration is important because it is supported by 100% of telecommunications service providers and integrated on all devices that can make a phone call and has a screen. You can even sms a home phone without a screen depending on carrier/service provider. Thus it messaging that works with 100% of your contacts. Having multiple Apps spread across 100s of contacts is plain annoying. So if any App wants to be taken serious, it needs to be serious and have sms. What's App already fills the void for bypassing sms across the globe. rndusrnm479461 This answer makes the most sense. Thanks. Adrien Aubel Let me know what you think about invi! play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi We're still new and young but we're very serious about our ambitions and not settling when we know it could/should be better. To fix texting on Android, we provide transparent switch between SMS&IM (devices handshake when you get into chats so that we determine whether you or the recipient has poor reception and should prefer SMS for example). Very handy in some countries/areas/events. And lets you reach *anybody* (that has a phone number). My name is…. Nobody uses SMS no more, and if i wanna send a text message to the last of the Mohicans, i will use my SMS app. I dont want no stupid integration and no stupid 'SMS fallback' that will make things worse. Chatting is not texting. YaKillaCJ There are only 2 widely used methods of messaging across mobile devices. Sms and What's App. Sms is supported on EVERY device from 2 way pagers and flip phones to house phones and smartphones. Any device that has a phone number supports sms. The majority of people doesn't care about added features like stickers and gif. We just care that all I need is the person phone number and from there I can call or text them. That's it. Bottom line is that it has to be a standard adopted by carriers on a worldwide scale. Hence what's app reason for such large scale use is it uses existing phone numbers for login, existing phone book for contact list, free, minimum data usage and encrypted. Even that is still not even used by a third of the devices that use sms. Ryuuie Last I checked, WhatsApp charged $1 or someshit. erptastic It has not done that officially for years. And even before that, they always just extended my account. Ryuuie Ah. Looks like it was recent and official as of last January but they dropped it. It was an annual $1 fee to use the app. disqus_Xz3y8OiO3O It's free YaKillaCJ Who actually pays that. I don't recall anyone ever paying. Besides, it's only $1 a year and that significantly cheaper than carriers who don't have unlimited sms charge. nigra truo The majority of people don't care about features? Go check the market share of whatsapp, you are misinformed. The majority does care and only hillbillies still use flip phones. ;-) YaKillaCJ Features are nice but seamless compatibility is more important. Btw last I recall, less than half of mobile phones in use are smartphones worldwide. Using What's App doesn't allow me to message 100% of my contacts, SMS does. Bottomline. nigra truo Sms has endless limitations that is making it useless compated to something as full featured as whatsapp, i found it easier to convince my backwards US friends to use whatsapp, as this will be the universal standard anyway, 1 billion users gives you a hint. YaKillaCJ I do agree that the standard needs to move forward. What I'm saying is that it would have to be a standard adopted by carriers & service providers worldwide. Until then, any App that wants to be taken serious and get use needs to fall back on the current standard. What's App billion users is small compared to the billions in use that support SMS. USA alone has 500million numbers that support sms and that just 1 country. mxwp in the larger scheme of things, I agree with you that it is not a big deal. still, having one app do both was convenient. the other complaint is Android fanboys being envious of iMessage, which Hangouts could have become. exadeci The main reason that people use Imessage is that you get rich messaging capabilities out of the box if the person you are talking to has an Iphone everything is abstracted, you add someone's number and you start chatting right aways no need to exchange accounts id's or find which app you both use. And if the other doesn't have an Iphone you can still message them or if you killed your data plan it sends an sms. But Google doesn't add sms support because they are pushing for RCS which is a GOOD thing: Standalone Messaging 1-to-1 Chat Group Chat File Transfer Content Sharing Social Presence Information IP Voice call Best Effort Video call Geolocation Exchange Audio Messaging Network based blacklist Capability Exchange based on Presence or SIP OPTIONS All this WITHOUT using any data, data needs an link to be established this doesn't. Chris Hannan It's not hard for most of us to use it. The problem is the people we contact don't want to use separate apps. Everyone with iPhones uses iMessage because it just works by default. But barely anybody I know uses Hangouts and nobody I know uses Allo. If it was all built into one app that shipped with Android phones, more people would use it. Troy Leonard and I removed Hangouts as of today I will no longer consider using any google messaging service ever again Sruly J Isn't Gmail a form of messaging? (Or do you not use Gmail?) Troy Leonard Not for long I'm transitioning over to outlook.com. And upgrading my phone to an iPhone. I'm sick of slow to no updates on my phone,and done with Google ruining everything I ever liked about their apps and Android. naysayer Good riddance. Adrien Aubel Let me know what you think about invi (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi), a new app that we're making that brings a lot of the goodies iMessage brings to iOS users, with big long-term ambitions, and still trying to preserve a consistent and sleek UI. Hopefully that will make you stick to Android and you'll make your iPhone friends jealous in a few months/years ;) Zsolt V Why bother evangilizing? He already decided Outlook on an iPhone is better than Gmail, so let him enjoy it. Troy Leonard Your link is broken Adrien Aubel Fixed thanks! Disqus didn't like the closing ')' at the end of the link. XgudwilX eww outloook😲 Total Insecurity Saying "upgrading my phone to an iPhone" is the same as converting from atheism to any religion. Just a downgrade. bekifft It's true, and their failings and obvious ulterior motives in messaging have, for the first time in a decade, made me consider moving my email back to a private service over which I have control. Roy Thank you and have a nice flight. -Matoro Zeliph- Just want to make sure I'm not missing anything. So Google Voice SMS will no longer work too? Corbin Davenport That will still work as well. Ryne Hager Google voice will still work, just like Fi. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ It's primarily that regular SMS will no longer function in the app. A while back they killed of threading of SMS/MMS and Hangout messages, and now they are killing SMS/MMS entirely out of the app and suggestin people to switch to Android Messages. -Matoro Zeliph- Ok cool! I'm good then. Thanks for the clarification everyone Bill Blandford Hangouts SMS looks like it still works for Google Voice SMS too. Essentially, this is like Fi, which is a Google Voice number at heart. My wifi-only-device kids use Hangouts to call and text with a Google Voice #. Timmy Turner Yeah GV will continue to work through Hangouts since the number you use via Project-Fi is a GV given number. Adrien Aubel For people that were still using Hangouts and want to try a new app that also does SMS & IM, that tries to provide a fast & polished experience to fix texting on Android, I'd love some honest feedback! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi We're trying hard to "make it right" and have so much planned on the roadmap, so any feedback is great to have to tweak things up. Let us know what you think! exadeci While the initiative is nice, why would we use your messaging app? If I want an instant message app that does sms and that no one else uses I already got Signal and at least Signal is proven to be secure. What makes Messenger (Facebook), WhatsApp and Imessage good? Their userbase. Ask anyone for a way to communicate and they will use one of those apps, no need for fallback sms when everyone has an account. Adrien Aubel Thanks for your feedback @exadeci:disqus! Great questions :) And Signal is nice as well! It's not for everybody but if you're happy with it keep using it but make sure to check us out in a few months to check that you haven't been missing out, we're going fast! I think there's much more to iMessage that makes it good than their userbase. It is a polished app that just works, and lets you reach anybody, therefore becoming your trusted "go to" texting app. We expect Google to release this summer new capabilities that will let you use IM in more scenarios. Very interesting stuff that we can't wait to let our users benefit from. But our initial target is actually SMS users, people that unlike you and I don't really care about the details, they just want a reliable app that sends and receive their messages. And they're actually quite happy with SMS/MMS in that regard, it just works (when you don't fight with APNs, something we try to prevent as well). We want to transparently "upgrade" those users that may be using Android Messages or a 3rd party app custom-made for the carrier or OEM, not necessarily developed with great care and polishment, and sometimes truly terrible (really, you wouldn't believe what's on some popular carriers, that most users end up using 10 times a day for years). Right now invi is mostly upgrading the transport of your messages and general experience as we develop another big focus of ours: bring your chats to life, try to get out of this 99% of messages exchanged being plain text. Texting can be the most impersonal way of communication and this flattens relationships. A bar suggests as you type relevant media to enrich in 1 tap your message and our users send 12% of their messages with stickers, GIFs, or regular images. Which helps you transmit how you truly felt when writing this message, it doesn't flatten as much your emotions (although we're far from done, it'll get much smarter and more personal on a per-chat basis). It always send instantly over IM as well (no upload or anything like that, optimized WebP images for super-fast download). Open your top 3 chats on Signal, chats that you have with people you care the most about, look at all this flat plain texting, and try to visualize the gap compared to what it could be, how it could have been more personal and transmitting more of your feelings or emotions. We're targeting this gap, and again, we're just getting started but have serious ambitions and motivation. If you use Snapchat, look at all that rich media that gets thrown to your eyes or that you throw to people, that doesn't always make sense and is often disconnected from conversations, sometimes losing its value and feeling like you just threw a bottle in the ocean, just leaving you with a list of who saw it. We're looking at that gap as well, as invi becomes more and more rich in terms of content creation. After a few iterations over a couple of years we believe that we found a solution that will let us bring up our roadmap in a consistent structure. State-of-the-art technology that is although just the foundation for all the exciting stuff that we want to add in the coming months. We are in talks with some OEMs and resellers to make invi default which would help grow invi's user base and help us improve our product with more diverse usage, while some upcoming features of invi should ultimately help us get a lot more users naturally. exadeci Signal has actually Gifs from Giphy, stickers and the possibility to send a location but I don't use this kind of feature even on Messenger it's quite rare that I send a sticker. Google is strongly pushing for RCS adoption which would add all these emotions sharing: https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-uniblog-publish-prod/original_images/Rogers_Google_RCS.gif https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-uniblog-publish-prod/original_images/Telenor_6P_GIF_0UHHQdI.gif https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-uniblog-publish-prod/images/RCS_Android_Update.width-600.png Adrien Aubel Exactly, but how relevant is Giphy? Again don't compare with things you've seen so far but with what it could potentially be if it truly understood your relationships and intentions, if it combined that with your taste and the way you usually communicate with this specific person. And what if your friends or other people were able to add their own media and stickers through channels and then be discovered, liked and followed, with deep intelligence powering it all and bringing the right content to the right user? We built invi to support all this, we don't just use a Giphy API, we used the most advanced and lightweight technologies to communicate in realtime with our backend, even on pretty bad 3G, from where we curate the media that eventually gets recommended to you. The screenshots you attached look great as well, but see Android Messages is a good example there's only 5 packs of stickers that won't get more relevant or smarter no matter how many stickers you use or how many times you use Android Messages. Idk who would use a given sticker hundreds of times, but anyway I'm not sure those were really representative of how Android Messages is most commonly used. The features are technically there, as often, but they're very limited in their potential as of now. The Awesome Bar isn't for everyone but can eventually help people like you, as images just get displayed while you're typing, no action required, and if you see one that you like you can just tap it to see how it looks and enrich your message, send and you're done. Google is pushing RCS, very true! And we're excited about the great work the Jibe team did in the past couple years. They're a bit shy to share their RCS client implementation at the moment, it may be unstable or not well documented at the moment, but we're meeting regularly with Google and hope to add RCS to our transparent switch as soon as possible, even though the user base is a bit limited at the moment it has the potential to grow fast and solve many issues. If they're reluctant for too long we may use other hubs that would communicate seamlessly through Unified Profile. But for now, we're watching the number of users actually benefiting from RCS grow while we focus on other areas of improvements. sam1331 I am actually kind of optimistic about all this, more so than I was maybe a year ago. They've been putting out a steady stream or improvements to Allo, and when I've experimented with it with a friend it actually is an enjoyable experience. Releasing it without a web app is just shocking, but if that's added and it works well, I could totally see moving over to it from Hangouts, where I do the vast majority of my communicating. The other piece of the puzzle is Duo. If they can integrate a Duo button in Allo conversations (like it seems they will), and they eventually add group calling, which can't be that far off, then I think it will be a nice solution for myself and my family. And I've got quite a few friends that are all about Android instead of iOS, so I can see them switching to Allo from Hangouts. But not until there is a web app, because they aren't stupid. Chad Knasinski I would use Allo if they added SMS support and a desktop version like Hangouts had. Nick.Trite Same here. I have Fi so I'll continue to use Hangouts for SMS. I really love the fact that I can switch seamlessly from desktop to mobile and still be sending SMS. Until Allo does that, I won't consider moving. Chad Knasinski Ditto Sir_Brizz And multi-device support. Can't even use it or sync it on my LTE Tablet... Carson Saldanha So, basically Hangouts but revamped? We've come in full-circle. Sir_Brizz Sure. The problem is that every other chat platform has these features in 2016. Including Hangouts. Roy Me to, love it. mxwp unless they remove hangouts from gmail, people will still secretly be using "hangouts" all the time. in fact, the only way Allo will ever take off without SMS is if it replaces Hangouts (gtalk) on gmail and inbox. Chad Knasinski So correct me if I am wrong here but Google wants us to do this with our messages: SMS - Google Messenger Business SMS - Hangouts Messages - Allo Facebook - Messenger Video Chat - Duo Business Video Chat - Hangouts Video Really? Are you kidding me here? Timmy Turner You've got it right and if there's a joke, you'll being waiting a while for the punchline. disqus_em5YfkbWdk What Business SMS and how is 8t different from other SMS? Zsolt V What does Facebook have to do with anything you wrote? So you are corrected. SpadeX Are you new to tech world? John Not exactly. SMS - Messenger SMS (Project Fi and Voice) - Hangouts SMS (Voice) - Voice Chat - Allo Chat - Hangouts Video chat - Duo Video chat - Hangouts Voice call - Hangouts Voice call (Voice) - Voice Nicholas Conrad Email - Gmail Business Email - G Suite SMS - Google Messenger Business SMS - Hangouts Messages - Allo Facebook - Google+ Video Chat - Duo Business Video Chat - Hangouts Meet Phone calls - Google Voice/Project Fi/Google Home FIFY xyz That's only for Google fanboys. Regular people ditched Google's messaging apps a long time ago. Timmy Turner I recommend Textra to anyone looking for a new SMS app. Sleek, customizable and continually updated/supported. Adrien Aubel Textra is very nice, notably customization-wise as you said, you can go deep and fine-tune basically any UX element. And it's super fast and lightweight as well. I am working as well on a new SMS app that also provides IM similarly to iMessage on iPhone, and many other features, most of them upcoming though. Would you mind giving me a honest feedback when you have the time? It's called invi on the Play Store https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi Timmy Turner Sure thing. freshprince_87 That invi SMS app is an awesome app. Near flawless app. but I stop using it because I kept having problems with MMS messages and also it just like Allo in the sense where if you uninstall the app and reinstall it on the same phone all your instant messages are all gone including some of the regular SMS /MMS messages. You need to make the app save all your messages on to an account like a Google account in the cloud. So that no matter what device you use the instant messages will still be there. Adrien Aubel @freshprince_87:disqus Thank you for your feedback! MMS can be very tricky and every carrier has its own set of specificities, I'm sorry about that, it shows we're still young but obviously like you said, such a core functionality bug makes our whole effort worthless for you here. Do you mind sharing your carrier, device model, and Android version? Did you try using "Legacy MMS" in the app settings? About the IM sync, that's an issue we're definitely looking into, considering all potential security and privacy issues, notably as some countries like USA recycle pretty aggressively your phone numbers, and with the desire to bring a Web client in mind. Google should announce this summer APIs that will eventually help us regarding security, so stay tuned :) freshprince_87 Thanks. I didn't use the legacy MMS. I hope that you add the IM sync soon. I'm on a T-Mobile service using the Moto Z Play on Android Nougat 7.0 Adrien Aubel Ok thank you, if you don't mind I have other questions to dive into your problem :) What specifically was failing? MMS sending, receiving, or both? Did it show an error? Is it only on group MMS or all MMS? Whatever information you may have will be helpful. Our next release should bring MMS reliability improvements and notably Wifi texting when supported by the carrier (first MMS may send up to 60s to send as we're trying out routes but then all other Wifi MMS should send very fast). Tom Westrick https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5ecvBaqHBk MJ Thank God I use Project Fi otherwise this would suck big time for me. TJ Mills Thank God I have Google voice.... Def Ref Actually, it sucks for Fi users who wish to economize on data because Hangouts no longer uses cellular SMS but requires a data connection, wifi or cell data. I didn't realize this was happening (because they said Fi wasn't going to be affected) until I got my replacement Nexus 6P and suddenly wasn't receiving SMS texts. They couldn't sort it out, even sending me a new SIM which didn't work either. It wasn't until I really started digging that I discovered that SMS required data to work and you'd either have to use a different SMS app (and lose multi-device sync; esp ability to type on computer thru Gmail) or turn on data. Lame. MJ OK... I am on WiFi most of the day myself but even with no WiFi it's still texting. Confused, you don't have data on Project Fi? Def Ref I keep my mobile data turned off unless I need traffic info for navigation or need to be in contact with someone via FB Messenger. Otherwise between home, work, Xfinity hotspots, etc., I'm usually not far from wifi. I don't care if I can't get my email for a half-hour while I'm driving. When you're paying per MB, you start noticing how much data apps guzzle. But last month I only used 85MB, so my next bill will be just over $24 with tax. Point is that before they killed SMS support, I didn't need to have data turned on to receive texts. Now I do. MJ I just don't see how you would guzzle data if usually on WiFi. I leave data on and use less than a GB a month. Granted, I don't check my email on my phone ever. LOL Dracono Love hangouts never used SMS. It also seems most negative reviews about it being slow was always tired to the SMS feature. I'm now curious with the removal of they'll us the opportunity to evolve or let it idle. mxwp it will evolve into a business app... but hopefully still available for consumers VAVAMk_2 Just give us SMS support in Allo for Christ's sake! Adrien Aubel SMS/MMS can be quite hard to deal with technically and Google didn't choose to go that way. It is possibly also due to the push they did to replace the default SMS app on many OEMs and carriers, strategically it's hard for them to push much of Google's agenda through the SMS app they give carriers, and they're mostly limited to SMS/RCS. Roy Christ will not give you SMS, bat Star of David could promise you RCS in Allo. mxwp Big G repeatedly stated it would never happen tim242 Liar. Adrien Aubel https://twitter.com/amitfulay/status/840236304130428928 Roy Great. It's was the plan all along. Now Allow will get RCS and web browser everything gonna integrate with Duo. I'm all the way in. I never like Hangout. I love Allo. #stop stop babies don't you cry. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman I don't think that's possible. RCS is still mainly just an extension of SMS. If it doesn't support SMS, I don't see it handling RCS. Roy When RCS will come it will be with SMS already. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Based on what? Besnik Rrustemi No problem guys,we have like 69 other Messaging Apps by Google to choose from and maybe 2 new others coming soon. Roy Haha it's so old. Can someone can come with new jokes here? Besnik Rrustemi Well sorry Old Man then, never knew your age before. * Respect for Old People * Sir_Brizz Let the confusion officially begin! Indianajonze google can go fk themselves Robert Gerhart Why isn't anybody asking the bigger question: why the hell does anyone use outdated SMS in the first place? It's like complaining that Hangouts doesn't integrate butter churns and wagon wheels either. There is nothing more annoying than a text message. Adrien Aubel SMS is always nice to have in some situations, that happen more or less depending on where you live. Uncovered areas, concerts or big games, people having no LTE-enabled plans, or simply on some roads and highways. In USA for example all those scenarios happen a lot, notably in some states. And eventually, in most countries you still use SMS for 3rd party services, banks, transportation, or even government-related messages. Most importantly, in countries that still use SMS you can reach *anybody you know* from one app. And that's really a great thing to have. Now you're right, IM is so much more pleasant. Instant delivery, read status, last active time, way faster image format and transport. At invi ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi ) we try to take advantage of this and combine both the way it should be. When you open a chat with somebody, we trigger a handshake to check that both you and the recipient are well connected. If one of both doesn't answer on time, it simply switches to SMS/MMS, it's automatic and out of your way. Otherwise you take advantage of state-of-the-art transport with some unique optimizations. Try to send a GIF over IM and see how fast it goes, compared to MMS or even Whatsapp. Let me know what you think! Aaron Simple; SMS is ubiquitous. Every cellular device in operation can send and receive SMS, from the most current and expensive flagships like the iPhone and Galaxy, to the cheapest budget devices, all the way down to the oldest flip phones. I can text my dad on his flip, my wife on her Nexus or my Capt on his iPhone and each one will receive that message and reply. Show me an IM that can do all of that (that isn't on the iPhone). I guess that invi app that guy's been pedaling might, but I'm waiting for it to gain some traction before trying to convince anybody to switch to yet another IM. Rod The rest of the world uses Whatsapp, everyone has it installed. JG Even people with generic flip phones? Rod Nope, but I don't remember the last time I saw someone with a flip phone. The poor now bear Galaxy Win/Pocket/etc JG My aunt still has one. She recently attempted to upgrade to a smartphone but that seems to have failed big time... Apparently my telling her to tap the icon that's labeled "EMAIL" to get her email is too complicated... That and the free phone she got is a PoS... 512MB of RAM and only 4GB of storage - with the OS consuming all but like 100MB there of. So it didn't perform quite so hot. She seemed a bit surprised her free phone didn't perform as well as my Pixel XL does... Rod You're better off simply calling her. Lol JG Or even better off not getting in touch with her period. I also happened to see another flip phone in use while I was out traveling today. TJ Mills Everyone in China uses Wi chat. Rod I believe you meant WeChat. Yes, but WhatsApp still has the largest userbase. TJ Mills Yes, I did mean WeChat. I knew it looked wrong. My point is that not everyone is on WhatsApp in all places in the world. Where SMS is ubiquitous. Rod I have a friend that came from China, and he says most people in China uses WhatsApp as well. It's pretty omnipresent. Aaron And if everyone in the US would get on board with a single IM that would be great. But here iPhone users tend to stick with the stock Messages app. Great for sending iMessages between each other and SMS to the rest of us. Terrible for convincing them to switch to another IM. And most Android users I know use whatever stock SMS message app came with their phone for texting with iPhone users and old people and FB Messenger for IM with everyone in their friends list. So if you have a strategy for getting everyone on a single IM platform I'm sure the Allo team at Google would love to hear it. Jordan L I agree with your post. iphone users LOVE their stock messaging app, as they should it's the best app on their phone. It feels like, at least in my circle, iphone users have the stock messaging app, Facebook Messenger, and Whatsapp. "older" people only have the stock app as they can barely use their phones in the first place. "younger" people all three. Rod Yeah, I know how it works in USA. As a foreigner, it's funny to see how much you guys rely on SMS lol. Aaron Not funny haha but funny sad. :( Rod USA is a world apart. lomsha Believe it or not, even 2g is still a luxury in some countries, which makes​ instant messaging iffy. In those cases sms is a great alternative. Not everyone is in the 1st world with a sweet smartphone and reliable data access. TJ Mills Standard is better than better. When someone comes up with a universal replacement that works on all classes of phones, then the world can switch. Until then it's a mishmash of services and applications​to communicate. Why does everyone still use email? Because of the standards. Michael Sørensen Convince me why I shouldn't... Currently I can write to anyone for free without first asking them what their preferred platform is. And they can reply for free regardless of said preferred platform. Again, convince me why that's not good enough? And don't say "stickers". Just don't. Security? Bah, no sensitive information sent. Robert Gerhart Two words: phone call. Just freaking CALL them... You already have the phone in your hand, and you know they have one as well. If you can condense what you need to say into 144 characters, it probably isn't important enough to bother the other person with in the first place. No more retarded tap-tap-tap... Turb0wned That was a stupid answer. I'm not going to have 15 different messaging apps to be able to talk to people. iMessage just works with everyone. Adrien Aubel Agreed that there's something pretty great about being able to reach *all your friends* from a single app. At least the ones that have a freaking phone numbers :D Of course, it's just how messaging should be but it also makes sense that all big players would heavily restrict any 3rd party integration, messaging is a huge, strategical, market. nigra truo Very good point, sms is over and has been for a long time, it is just that americans are strangely still in love with the ancient spartanic standard, they are backwards compared to the rest of the globe. Whatsapp for example does not support sms because it REPLACES it obviously. Sms can't do rich communication without ugly crutches, try making a free voice or video call through it, send a full size video, high resolution photos, a contact, a document, your location, an audiorecording and everything encrypted. All these things whatsapp can do natively, on all platforms, not just on iphones or apple devices, 1 billion users speak a clear language. Midnitte At this point, I'm held hostage stuck using Hangouts since it's the only thing that natively supports desktop messaging. Sigh. Bryan Chandler Signal has a Chrome app for desktop messaging. https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/signal-private-messenger/bikioccmkafdpakkkcpdbppfkghcmihk?hl=en Midnitte Ah yea, I would prefer something native though, plus I still use Hangouts for some contacts. I lament the loss of merged conversations too Lord Argyris "Each has its disadvantages, though. The latter doesn't have quite the same feature set that Hangouts did, and the former is a Facebook product." It's lines like these that keep.me coming back to AP. JD My support for Google and their messaging platforms ended the beginning of May. Kelly Clubb Well this sucks for any user that enjoyed an easy to use sms app. I use Hangouts and thankfully for project fi will continue it's support BossMa1n3 Eh..doesn't effect me stop using hangout for sms awhile ago..more interested in a flat screen phone with side bezels as thin as the one in the pic.. Grey PLEASE Bring Hangouts Chat and Hangouts Meet to all users. That has so many new and awesome features. It's like everything Allo isn't. DragoCubed The comment section is rough b_boogey_xl Bye Hangouts! hp-fourtwenty oh ffs...voice is still supported??? hell yeah!! nxtiak I'm waiting for the day G+ contacts disappear from Hangouts. I hate how on PC when I type a name to start a conversation it lists random people on G+. SHOW ME THE NAMES FROM MY DAMN CONTACTS GOOGLE!!!!!!!!! Maave RIP Hangouts. I had group chats, Google Voice, and SMS all in one. Now my group chats have moved to Telegram but I'm still stuck with nerfed Hangouts for GV. Chris Wachtman Hey, what's wrong with facebook? /s Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I switched to Signal because of this mess and I've very happy I did---it works great. The only feature I miss is tablet support, but it's coming soon, and unlike Google, when Signal receives a new feature, it's actually ready to be released, and works well. Jason E Perkins Boy am I glad for the second half of that title. ROB TEXTRA DC_Guy If Apple would just open up iMessage to Android, 99% of our messaging problems would be over. haha Dragos Lucian Totally forgot Hangouts existed. I've been using Telegram for quite some time now and I'm more than happy with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The name of the app is very off-putting if they ever wanted to increase adoption among business/serious users. But as I found out just yesterday, it's actually a really nice SMS apparatus. rap Some say SMS is dead. But not everyone has a smartphone or data. SMS works without either. Adam Margeson Haven't been using it since I switched over to Allo. 1966CAH When it comes to messaging, Google is like an ex-girlfriend. Once, so sweet and alluring, now somebody I want nothing to do with. johdaxx Well, I hope they can sort this mess out eventually. I don't really care too much about SMS per se...but I do need some way to message people that don't have whatever apps I have or have apps I don't have. Especially if they have the audacity to use an iPhone or something. Brandon Hann This didn't affect me since I use Google Voice exclusively and have a data-only plan for my cell service. Let's just hope Google doesn't kill off Google Voice in the future. keithzg I would say, why remove a feature when you're clearly still supporting it for some users anyways, so it's no more maintenance to just leave it enabled for everyone? I would say that, if I thought there was any coherent or rational approach to messaging strategy and development at Google. Personally I switched to Facebook Messenger for SMS, if only because of Chat Heads (multitasking for IM is pretty nice). Was tempted towards Signal, but Signal wants you to import and encrypt your SMS's, and I don't want to get locked into an SMS app. derp_cookies These guys are starting to remind me more and more of Hooli. xyz Good decision. Next step is to discontinue Hangouts, then Allo, then Messages, and then Duo. Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 35 1 Year Ago Today Google Is Preparing To Add The Raspberry Pi 3 To AOSP, It Will Apparently Become An Officially Supported Device 2016/05/24 2:21pm PDTMay 24, 2016 264 2 Years Ago Today An Exclusive Early Look At The New Google Photos App 2015/05/24 10:36am PDTMay 24, 2015 18 3 Years Ago Today ZeroLemon's 9500mAh Extended Battery For The LG G Pro 2 Is Now On Sale For $50 2014/05/24 4:39pm PDTMay 24, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Sci-Fighters, Judge Dredd: Countdown Sec 106, Race Illegal, Mensa Academy, And RE-VOLT Free 2013/05/24 7:11pm PDTMay 24, 2013 41 5 Years Ago Today Better Than Magic - Stick Your Phone To A Wall, Treadmill, Or... Ceiling With PU Pads From The Makers Of Capta 2012/05/24 5:09pm PDTMay 24, 2012 22 6 Years Ago Today HTC "Reviewing" Its Bootloader Policy - We'll Believe It When We See It 2011/05/24 5:16pm PDTMay 24, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today That Was Quick: EVO 4G’s Already Been Rooted 2010/05/24 4:09pm PDTMay 24, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 10 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 133 queries | 0.581s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Google targets enterprise with Chrome bundle for IT admins Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing The rise of online learning – the cure to the UK’s digital skills gap? Geneva to Gather the Internet of Things Experts, Researchers, and Industry at 7th IoT Week Yearly Conference and the Global IoT Summit UK consumers expect autonomous cars to be the norm by 2032 Qualcomm patent issued for ‘The Internet of Shoes’ From AI to VR, the biggest announcements from Google IO How to use Apple Watch SoftBank bets on AI with $4bn stake in Nvidia Shell Downstream CIO: Credibility is key for digital transformation success Failing IoT projects highlight need for strategy change Nvidia looks to build AI Metropolis with video analytics Smart Cities? Not until those cyber weaknesses get sorted German start-up Lilium test flights 2-seater jet prototype SoftBank bets on AI with $4bn stake in Nvidia Bromium CTO: Why the notion of using machine learning to detect malware is completely daft Geneva to Gather the Internet of Things Experts, Researchers, and Industry at 7th IoT Week Yearly Conference and the Global IoT Summit Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS The great data myth: Is cloud really less secure than on-premise? Microsoft looks to DNA storage for cloud based tape replacement RSPCA adopts Sage X3 cloud business management system The great data myth: Is cloud really less secure than on-premise? Microsoft looks to DNA storage for cloud based tape replacement RSPCA adopts Sage X3 cloud business management system Rackspace appoints Joe Eazor as new CEO The great data myth: Is cloud really less secure than on-premise? Oracle Cloud: Standing tall against AWS and Microsoft Azure MuleSoft founder: The application network, a lightning bolt moment, and a bit of luck Are Legacy Systems an Inhibitor to Business Innovation? The great data myth: Is cloud really less secure than on-premise? Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Countdown to GDPR: Everything you need to know to with just one year to go Bromium CTO: Why the notion of using machine learning to detect malware is completely daft Cyber attack fears fuel €1m CISO salaries Countdown to GDPR: Everything you need to know to with just one year to go The great data myth: Is cloud really less secure than on-premise? Cisco tackles IoT security with new threat defence solution Countdown to GDPR: Everything you need to know to with just one year to go AT&T delivers new security features for business networks Bromium CTO: Why the notion of using machine learning to detect malware is completely daft The great data myth: Is cloud really less secure than on-premise? Bromium CTO: Why the notion of using machine learning to detect malware is completely daft The GDPR Jungle: Are you a lion, a fox, or a donkey? Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Nokia, Apple patent dispute ends with partnership Samsung in the market for more software & services acquisitions EE network down across UK as huge data outage hits customers Samsung bixby patent hints at smartspeaker to rival Amazon and Google Best browser for Android Best Keyboard for Android Samsung in the market for more software & services acquisitions Spotify acquires AI startup to compete with Apple Music Alibaba’s Ant Financial $60 billion IPO delayed until 2018 EE network down across UK as huge data outage hits customers Vodafone shares rise despite huge €6.1 billion loss Openreach looks to make 12 million homes ultrafast by 2020 HP laptops could have been keylogging since 2015 Microsoft Windows 10 updates to be released twice yearly 5 ways to adapt your mobile security strategy for IoT Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Rackspace appoints Joe Eazor as new CEO Microsoft to build cloud data centres in Africa The Monster Machine: HPE debuts world’s biggest single-memory computer New $1bn Facebook data centre runs on 100% renewable energy Apple site objector calls for refusal of Amazon €1bn data centre plan The power of Facebook: What the data centre world can learn from Open Compute The big data centre rip off: Majority of cooling equipment not effective Schneider Electric targets IoT and edge apps with micro data centre Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Accelerated computing in data centre driven by AI, says Nvidia Huawei & Global Switch drive O&M efficiency with new modular data centres plan Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Big Data Analytics Need a Quick Data-based Decision in the US? – Don’t Hold Your Breath IBM’s Watson is just the beginning – in 2017 you may be working alongside Data Driven AI (or even a data loving CEO…) Tibco bolsters IoT analytics offering with Statistica acquisition Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation How Veeam is targeting a seamless digital life experience The Monster Machine: HPE debuts world’s biggest single-memory computer What IT can learn from the England Rugby Team Yahoo fuels open source speedway with Daytona, looks to automate application analysis MuleSoft founder: The application network, a lightning bolt moment, and a bit of luck Are Legacy Systems an Inhibitor to Business Innovation? IBM builds its most powerful quantum processor EVER The Monster Machine: HPE debuts world’s biggest single-memory computer Why security should be the cornerstone of hyperconvergence Google targets enterprise with Chrome bundle for IT admins AI, VR and blockchain to factor in the future of applications CIO Survey: Global uncertainty fuels new breed of digital innovators Yahoo fuels open source speedway with Daytona, looks to automate application analysis MuleSoft founder: The application network, a lightning bolt moment, and a bit of luck From Diamonds to OEM: How blockchain will transform the entire supply chain AI, VR and blockchain to factor in the future of applications VMware brings DaaS to Microsoft Azure with Horizon Cloud Why security should be the cornerstone of hyperconvergence Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers English French What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers AI, VR and blockchain to factor in the future of applications From Diamonds to OEM: How blockchain will transform the entire supply chain Enterprise ITSoftware Back to Home Google targets enterprise with Chrome bundle for IT admins Increase / Decrease text size Tom Ball   - Reporter 24th May 2017 Add to favorites Organisations can now have their operations supported by the Chrome Enterprise Bundle. A new Chrome Enterprise Bundle has been launched by Google to provide IT admins with the ability to use and manage the Chrome browser across their organisation. Benefits of this new package from Google include a master installer for deploying the browser, and an array of administrative policy templates. Google also intends to add further capabilities to the bundle in the future. Control options that are provided by this bundle include more than 200 policies to fit the requirements of different organisations, and an Admin Console for setting proxy servers and configuring extensions. Security is given great importance as part of the bundle, and Google says it intends to keep employees safe at every layer of the product. Google adds that Chrome is designed to be very secure when facing phishing and malware, top threats to organisations. This new package will bring Chrome to organisations and enterprises more easily, allowing IT admins to support it, until now Internet Explorer has so far proven the standard supported option. Google has noted a doubling of the number enterprises using Chrome in the last two years, indicating the requirement of a bundle geared towards organisations. READ MORE: Chrome 57 update gags power hungry browser tabs Google told TechCrunch about the way it measures enterprise users to ascertain whether an organisation is using Chrome: “We account for enterprise users based on attributes of their computer configuration, such as if the machine is joined to an active directory domain and if Chrome is being managed via admin-configured and/or deployed policies.” The latest version of the browser, Chrome 58, will involve 29 security updates, will support Progressive Web Apps on Android, and block domains that are using Cyrillic letters. The benefit of blocking domains based on this is that it protects against phishing attacks, a form of cyber attack that has proven effective in recent months. Tags browser Enterprise Enterprise IT google chrome Homepage News List Security web Previous ArticleAI, VR and blockchain to factor in the future of applications Next ArticleSoftBank bets on AI with $4bn stake in Nvidia Most read Hackers turn political saboteurs as cracks in the cloud signal a new frontier for cyber crime Ellie Burns 26th April 2017 IBM brings cognitive assistant to factory for cutting down inspection time Byomakesh Biswal 25th April 2017 Oracle, the newest tech startup? New unit goes for cloud win with AI, VR & AR Ellie Burns 25th April 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel Overcome the Attacker Advantage with McAfee Endpoint Security By Intel Monitor Continuously. Respond Swiftly. By Intel Editor’s Pick Kaspersky antivirus guide – everything you need to know Ellie Burns 4th May 2017 Machine learning in cyber security: The first line of defense against modern threats Ellie Burns 2nd May 2017 Top 30 Under 30 in Cloud James Nunns 28th April 2017 Related News Yahoo fuels open source speedway with Daytona, looks to automate application analysis Ellie Burns 24th May 2017 MuleSoft founder: The application network, a lightning bolt moment, and a bit of luck Tom Ball 24th May 2017 Are Legacy Systems an Inhibitor to Business Innovation? James Nunns 24th May 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Qualcomm patent issued for ‘The Internet of Shoes’ Joe Clark 19th May 2017 4th Revolution Report: Automation boosts revenues 15% and creates, not steals, jobs Ellie Burns 10th May 2017 4th Revolution Self driving car push by Intel sees BMW tie-up and Autonomous Driving Garage Joe Clark 4th May 2017 Latest in Analysis The CEO’s Guide to Data Security – Protect your data through innovation Ellie Burns 3rd May 2017 Exploring Antarctica with Eugene Kaspersky: From art and penguins, to the Glaciator robot Ellie Burns 18th April 2017 Register to Vote Cyber Attack: Who Hacked Brexit? Ellie Burns 12th April 2017 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR Top 30 Under 30 in Cloud 4 weeks ago Countdown to GDPR: Everything you need to know to with just one year to go 8 hours ago Rackspace appoints Joe Eazor as new CEO 14 hours ago Yahoo fuels open source speedway with Daytona, looks to automate application analysis 15 hours ago MuleSoft founder: The application network, a lightning bolt moment, and a bit of luck 15 hours ago Are Legacy Systems an Inhibitor to Business Innovation? 16 hours ago The great data myth: Is cloud really less secure than on-premise? 17 hours ago Diversity in Technology 2017 – going beyond the issue of gender in the workplace 17 hours ago From Diamonds to OEM: How blockchain will transform the entire supply chain 18 hours ago SoftBank bets on AI with $4bn stake in Nvidia 18 hours ago Google targets enterprise with Chrome bundle for IT admins 19 hours ago AI, VR and blockchain to factor in the future of applications 20 hours ago R3 rakes in $107 million in huge blockchain funding round 20 hours ago The rise of online learning – the cure to the UK’s digital skills gap? 1 day ago Shell Downstream CIO: Credibility is key for digital transformation success 1 day ago Why patents are so important for start-up tech companies 2 days ago Failing IoT projects highlight need for strategy change 2 days ago
Just In 5mins Man shot dead, four women gangraped at Bulandshahr highway 20mins Indian woman forced to marry a Pakistani at gunpoint returns home 47mins Pakistan is a key ally: Pentagon 1hr North Korea terms South’s border firing ‘reckless provocation’ 1hr Sensex recovers 123 pts on global cues, F&O expiry 1hr Rupee on way to recovery, gains 25 paise 1hr Russians discussed how to influence Trump via his aides: NYT 2hrs US warship sails close to SCS island: Pentagon spokesman 2hrs Here is Rajinikanth's next with Pa.Ranjith 2hrs U.N. rejects Pakistan's claim that Indian troops targeted its vehicle near LoC 2hrs Media mogul Jerry Perenchio passes away 3hrs Trump’s Russia scandal: where does it stand? Modi to be on four-nation tour from May 29 to June 3 J&K security agencies want ban on social media to continue Sonia calls Opposition leaders for lunch Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Google shortlists six start-ups for support Share On JUST IN 5mins Man shot dead, four women gangraped at Bulandshahr highway 20mins Indian woman forced to marry a Pakistani at gunpoint returns home 47mins Pakistan is a key ally: Pentagon 1hr North Korea terms South’s border firing ‘reckless provocation’ 1hr Sensex recovers 123 pts on global cues, F&O expiry 1hr Rupee on way to recovery, gains 25 paise 1hr Russians discussed how to influence Trump via his aides: NYT 2hrs US warship sails close to SCS island: Pentagon spokesman 2hrs Here is Rajinikanth's next with Pa.Ranjith 2hrs U.N. rejects Pakistan's claim that Indian troops targeted its vehicle near LoC 2hrs Media mogul Jerry Perenchio passes away 3hrs Trump’s Russia scandal: where does it stand? Modi to be on four-nation tour from May 29 to June 3 J&K security agencies want ban on social media to continue Sonia calls Opposition leaders for lunch CLOSE Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes An arduous trek to collect honey Business Industry Industry Google shortlists six start-ups for support Special Correspondent Bengaluru, May 24, 2017 20:52 IST Updated: May 24, 2017 21:53 IST Share Article PRINT A A A This picture taken on May 13, 2013 in the French western   Special Correspondent Bengaluru, May 24, 2017 20:52 IST Updated: May 24, 2017 21:53 IST more-in Programme has aided 26 Indian firms Google announced the names of six Indian start-ups which have been shortlisted for the fourth class of the company’s Google Accelerator Program. Developers’ ‘launchpad’ The company said the six start-ups would be joining a group of young ventures from all over Asia, Latin America, Africa and Europe at the Google Developers Launchpad Space in San Francisco. With this batch, a total of 26 Indian companies had so far joined the launchpad accelerator programme from India. “We’re thrilled to see the quality of start-ups coming from India and we look forward to working [with] them closely for the next six months,” Paul Ravindranath G, programme manager, Google India, said in a statement. One such startup is RailYatri which has created a big data platform that leverages crowd-sourced content to help long distance travellers. Other company IndiaLends has built a credit underwriting and analytics platform for unsecured consumer lending. The fourth class will kick off from July and will include two weeks of all-expense-paid mentorship boot camp. This batch will also gain from Google`s new curriculum that will help the firms to dig deeper into machine learning and artificial intelligence. It would also help them leverage Google’s latest technologies to scale their apps. In the six months programme, Google said these firms will undergo intensive mentoring from over 20 teams across Google and mentors from top technology companies and venture capitalists in the Silicon Valley. Additionally, they will receive equity-free support and credits for Google products. Post a Comment More In Business Economy Markets Industry economy (general) Related Articles << Previous Story No local sourcing needed for 'Make in India', govt tells Tesla Next Story >> Mark Zuckerberg, wife visit Massachusetts high school Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | May 25, 2017 12:36:13 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/business/Industry/google-shortlists-six-start-ups-for-support/article18572235.ece © The Hindu HCL Technologies proposes ₹3,500 crore share buy-back The equity move is to return excess capital to shareholders K. T. Jagannathan Top Picks in The Hindu today Here is Rajinikanth's next with Pa.Ranjith Challenge is to not think we are title holders: Virat Kohli Knock knock? Who’s there? Brad Pitt Fantastic raconteur, wry humorist and a unique 007 Film for thought from Cannes CBSE results: Rumours get students into a tizzy Thanks to wildlife lovers, manja-hit birds fly again Hit by car in 2013, man gets ₹23 lakh compensation Playback singers and their Twitter shenanigans Meet the couple who travelled together to 170 countries Close X Next Story >> Mark Zuckerberg, wife visit Massachusetts high school CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Pepsi, Grubhub, Macy's and More 39 minutes ago Array 0 Marketer's Brief: See the KFC Colonel's Yearbook Cameo 57 minutes ago Array 0 Golden Age of TV Shows Signs of Cracks as Some Channels Give Up 2 hours ago Array 0 What the Industry's New Plan to Fight Ad Fraud Gets Wrong -- and Right By George Slefo - 3 hours ago Array 0 Wait, What? The FCC Let Colbert Off the Hook and the Parents Television Council Is OK With It? By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago Array 0 MailChimp Takes on a Sinister 'Black Hole' in Ads Aimed at Small Businesses By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 What the Industry's New Plan to Fight Ad Fraud Gets Wrong -- and Right By George Slefo - 3 hours ago 0 Wait, What? The FCC Let Colbert Off the Hook and the Parents Television Council Is OK With It? By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago 0 Fight Club: Inside TV's 5 Most Fractious Time Slots By Anthony Crupi - 16 hours ago 0 Bad Locations: WaWa, Walgreens and Others Try to Clean Bad Map Data By Kate Kaye - 4 hours ago 0 How Google Plans to Kill 'Last Click Attribution' By George Slefo - Yesterday 0 Special K Wants Women to 'Own it' in High-Profile Return to Leo Burnett By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 'She's Such an Idiot': Does Your Boss Know You Said That About Her on Slack? By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Amid Plummeting Sales, JC Penney Taps New CMO With 'Broad Retail Expertise' By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Google Offers 7,000 Developers Free Home Devices in Pursuit of Amazon Alexa - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Bad Locations: WaWa, Walgreens and Others Try to Clean Bad Map Data By Kate Kaye. Published on May 24, 2017. Incorrect map locations are a constant struggle for marketers.  Most Popular About a year ago Amanda Hudson missed her Walgreen's health clinic appointment because Google Maps steered her to the wrong side of Grand Parkway in Katy, Texas. She complained in a Google review and gave the store itself a terrible review for good measure. Far from an anomaly, her experience is an everyday challenge for marketers with numerous locations. It turns out that there's a lot of shoddy information floating around online maps, mobile apps and social pages. "Incorrect data is always a problem," said Kyle Eggleston, a senior analyst on the Walgreens search engine optimization team. "It's a constant struggle." In the case of Hudson's missed clinic visit, the store address was correct but the map pin associated with it was misplaced, according to Eggleston. Many companies with hundreds or thousands of locations -- like Walgreens, which has more than 8,000 stores in the U.S. -- use outside services to manage and clean up data errors such as errant map pins and hours of operation incorrectly altered by users. "This is a problem for every single one of these organizations," said Greg Sterling, VP-strategy and insights at the Local Search Association. Companies including Ignite Technologies, Brandify, Yext and MomentFeed are stepping in to provide services for cleaning and distributing data updates across search engines and mapping and traffic navigation tools. Western Union has more than 50,000 outlets, many inside other businesses such as Walgreens and Kroger grocery stores. About five years ago, it worked closely with Google to produce Google Maps pins for its kiosks inside those other stores, according to Amber Hellem, senior marketing manager-U.S. digital and social media at Western Union. Ignite Technologies now sends Western Union data updates to search engines on a daily basis. Beloved mid-Atlantic food and gas fill-up chain WaWa, known for its Hoagiefest and endless coffee selection, works with MomentFeed to get data associated with its 700 locations on point. When WaWa hired MomentFeed to verify its store location pins across Foursquare, Facebook and Google maps, it discovered 2,000 map listings and pages that were created by everyday users, including more than 1,700 duplicate listings on Facebook alone, some with incorrect data. "There's a lot of different conflicting pieces of data in the world about your brand, about your locations," said Todd Miller, director of digital marketing at WaWa. The company is a high-volume advertiser with several campaigns and promotions running simultaneously, including in Waze, the Google-owned crowd-sourced driving and traffic app. With all those campaigns operating and lots of misleading location data floating around, WaWa wants to make sure someone going out of her way to use a Waze coupon for a smoothie doesn't wind up driving in circles. "The worst thing in the world we can do is push an ad to a consumer we can't pay off with," said Miller. Waze itself works with MomentFeed to ensure business data in the app is correct. MomentFeed has a core team of sixteen data verifiers in addition to workers based in the Philippines who are dedicated to manually cleaning up location data, sometimes going so far as calling specific stores to make sure a map pin is placed at a storefront rather than two doors down, or in the center of the galleria. A WaWa ad in the Waze app, where the retailer has to work to keep its location data clean. Credit: WaWa Ensuring correct location and business data for clients with hundreds or thousands of stores and restaurants is "a very difficult problem to solve at scale," said Mark Campos, product specialist at Waze. Despite the tech vendors eager to assist in the cleanup efforts, Sterling of the Local Search Association suggested that multi-location marketers still need to do their own work by consolidating disparate and sometimes conflicting location data that exists within separate corporate departments. "What was a big surprise for me was to discover that very often there's no central place in one of these organizations for location data," Sterling said. "My sense is that the problem isn't close to resolution." In this article: Data-Driven Marketing Digital Mobile Restaurants Retail Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot May 25, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   SEO  >   What does Google's "Project Owl" mean for search and fake news? What does Google’s “Project Owl” mean for search and fake news? SEO 24 May 17 | Michael Bertini Facebook0 Linkedin44 Google+13 Twitter 57 Have you heard of Google’s “Project Owl” yet? If not, then you’re in for some fun, because this is a hoot. Let’s start at the beginning. Fall of 2016: Trump gets nominated to the presidency. Still in fall of 2016: All around the world, people are asking “WHO? WHAT? HOW?” That’s when researchers found that American voters were influenced by misinformation on the internet. The world is completely distressed. They demand that 1) someone be responsible and 2) for them to take action and fix the ‘fake news’ problem. Oh – hi Larry Page and Mark Zuckerberg. Who else other than Google and Facebook, right? The public wants solutions from search engines and social media giants to tackle ‘fake news’ and any other misinformation on the internet. May 2017: TA-DA! Welcome Project Owl. Project Owl is introduced as Google’s answer to addressing fake news. It plans to do this with new feedback forms for search suggestions and the answer box, and authoritative content prioritization in the answer box. And no, we don’t see this affecting marketers or SEOs. As long as you continue to practice white hat methods, your day-to-day should be the same. However, given this can affect searchers’ user experience, we see a few challenges. Challenge #1: Search engines are supposed to be neutral Google is walking on a tight rope. If search engines manage to accomplish tackling fake news, then first, that feels like a violation of the first amendment but second, they will come off as bias to specific news/media sources. Remember, feedback from some users will change the search experience for all on that query. It will be difficult to differentiate what’s ‘right’ for one searcher versus what’s ‘right’ for the other. But, you know what? When personalized search engines are the new thing, this may not even be a challenge. Challenge #2: The proposed plan Let’s take a step back and look at Google’s track record when they are “working to fix” something. Just like many updates in the past, Google says one thing and marketers notice something completely different. Right now, “Project Owl”, according to Google, will rely on the searcher to provide feedback on the autocomplete or on the featured snippet. But, we’re missing the obvious. Let me ask you: When was the last time you went in and changed any of your Google search settings? Or rather, did you even know that it was possible to change Google search settings? Don’t feel bad – I know SEOs who didn’t even know they could do that! Google said and I quote, “We plan to use this feedback to help improve our algorithms.” That is what they told us years ago about link disavow and they still don’t have that right. My take is that it will be several years before Google is able to filter out “fake news”. I personally think TMZ.com spreads lots of fake news, yet they rank for 2,133,648 keywords on Google; and I don’t think Google is going to start taking their keywords away anytime soon. As you can see I don’t think Google is going to put much into this and even if they do it will take years before it’s perfected. I believe Google is in crisis mode right now but sooner than later people will forget and Google will move on or deprioritize this. Challenge #3: Obscure and infrequent queries The third part of Google’s solution is prioritizing authoritative content specifically for obscure and infrequent queries. But, when it’s already such a niche group, how can you determine who that authority should go to? Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin44 Google+13 Twitter 57 Related articles International SEO: 5 ways to scale performance Google Answer Box strategy: The Dos and Don'ts What does voice search mean for your local SEO strategy? 5 reasons to give SEO experts a seat at the website planning table Challenge #4: The blackhats Like every other SEO tactic, there is always the one group of SEOs that capitalize on Google making an algorithmic change or giving us the capabilities to affect how the algorithm reacts. I know blackhat SEOs are going to jump at this chance to devalue other people’s content that don’t serve theirs or their client’s interest. They will probably work from C class IP addresses and run bots on specific timing intervals to make it seem natural. Now what? Overall, a first step is better than no step at all, but here are two ways I recommend as a stronger combat against fake news. First, Google should not only rely on end users to report content that is fake or offensive. Its focus should be less on that and more on perfecting RankBrain, Google’s artificial intelligence. Second, it’s not just up to the Googles and the Facebooks to take action. It’s also a user’s responsibility to determine whether a search listing is worthy of your click and trust. When you see something that sounds outrageous, it probably is. Hoaxes appeal to natural human curiosity, which is why it’s hard not to click, but still, that’s a choice you get to make. Michael Bertini is a Online Marketing Consultant and Search Strategist at iQuanti. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading How to optimize Google My Business listings for multi-location businesses Being listed on Google My Business (GMB) is an essential part of any local SEO strategy. But how can businesses with multiple locations make sure they aren’t penalized in search rankings? Local SEO 08 May 17 | Chris Camps Should Google be more transparent with its updates? Most of Google's algorithm updates nowadays are unconfirmed and unannounced, leaving website owners and SEOs guessing as to what caused a change in ranking and what they can do to fix it. Does Google owe it to its users to be more transparent? Industry SEO 02 May 17 | Rebecca Sentance 8 technical issues holding your content back Failure to properly audit and resolve technical concerns can disconnect your content efforts from the benefits it should be bringing to your website. Here are eight issues you should be considering before committing to any major campaign. Content SEO 01 May 17 | Tom Smith How to identify and fix indexation bloat issues Indexation bloat is when a website has pages within a search engine “index” and can cause issues if not monitored and policed properly. It is an extremely common SEO problem and affects websites of all sizes. So how can you identify and fix it? SEO 26 Apr 17 | Dan Taylor Tags Facebook | fake news | Google | project owl Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/05/24/what-does-googles-project-owl-mean-for-search-and-fake-news/ Send × Want to stay on top of SEO trends? Get top insights and news from our SEO experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide The race to $1,000 – Alphabet and Amazon hit new record highs Amazon and Alphabet are racing to a $1,000 share price Both companies hit record highs on Wednesday Amazon is succeeding while retail continues to fail Google announced new tools to help advertisers target consumers more accurately Todd Haselton | @robotodd 10 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Adam Jeffery | CNBC Jeff Bezos speaking at the new New York Economic Club luncheon in New York on Oct. 27, 2016. Amazon and Alphabet both hit new record highs on Wednesday, as shares of both companies race to $1,000 a pop. Shares of Alphabet are trading up about half a percent, likely on the tail of the company's "Marketing Next" event in San Francisco on Tuesday, where it unveiled its new Google Attribution tool. Google Attribution relies on machine learning to show advertisers how effective their ads are across multiple platforms. Google also explained that Google Attribution can help advertisers predict how likely a specific person is to make a purchase. The company also revealed that it now has information on 70 percent of all credit card transactions in the US, data that will help it continue to effectively target relevant ads to consumers. Google also held its annual developers conference last week, Google I/O, where it laid out new plans to dive deeper into virtual reality and augmented reality, two areas where tech firms are expected to wage war over the coming years. Amazon's new record high is likely a result of a culmination of effects in the market. Retailers such as Macy's, JC Penney had huge earnings misses earlier this month, and the S&P 500's Retail ETF (XRT) posted its worst week of the year on Friday. Amazon has its hand in plenty of successful sectors outside of retail. Amazon Web Services generated $3.5 billion in revenue for Amazon during the last quarter, a piece of its business that's likely to continue to grow as more businesses rely on the cloud for everything from enterprise storage to AI, IoT and productivity services. Finally, and perhaps in a bit of a kick-to-the-shin of the nation's largest retailers, Amazon opened up a new brick and mortar bookstore in New York City on Wednesday. Similar locations are already open in Seattle, Portland, Boston and San Diego and show Amazon's attempt to mix retail with both the digital and physical worlds. Alphabet's Class A shares ended the day 0.73 percent higher at $977.61, while Amazon shares ended the day 0.91 percent higher at $980.35. Todd HaseltonTechnology Product Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AMZN --- GOOGL ---
OUR METHODS OUR TECHNOLOGY OUR WORK CASE STUDIES TESTIMONIALS CLIENTS PARTNERS WHAT WE DO Search Engine Optimization Pay-Per-Click-PPC Display Advertising Social Media Marketing Conversion Rate Optimization Marketing Automation Content Marketing Analytics and Reporting Creative Development Email Marketing OUR THINKING BLOG EBOOKS ABOUT US CONTACT OUR METHODS OUR TECHNOLOGY OUR WORK CASE STUDIES TESTIMONIALS CLIENTS PARTNERS WHAT WE DO Search Engine Optimization Pay-Per-Click-PPC Display Advertising Social Media Marketing Conversion Rate Optimization Marketing Automation Content Marketing Analytics and Reporting Creative Development Email Marketing OUR THINKING BLOG EBOOKS ABOUT US CONTACT 5 Landing Page Tools to Boost Your Conversions Home/SEO/5 Landing Page Tools to Boost Your Conversions 5 Landing Page Tools to Boost Your Conversions Share4 Share6 Tweet +11 Stumble Pin Shares 11 Gone are the days when you could write compelling content on your blog and attract a flock of new audience members. Now, people are busier than ever. To capture their attention, you need a page on your website that speaks to them with the right message at the right time. You need a landing page. Landing pages are the pages a person first sees when clicking to your website from somewhere else. This somewhere else could be a pay-per-click ad on Google, a Facebook ad, a link from another blog post, or an email. The goal of each landing page is different. Sometimes, you’re just trying to get someone to give you an email address. Other times, you’re trying to sell your coaching program priced in the thousands. In either case, you need the perfect page that’ll give you the conversions you’re after. That starts with using the right tool to create your landing page. Here are 5 landing page tools that can help you build out conversion-inducing campaigns. 1. GetResponse Landing Page Creator This is one of my favorite landing page tools simply because it integrates so seamlessly with a host of other options. The GetResponse landing page creator gives you access to hundreds of templates that you can use. There’s bound to be a template to fit your business need regardless of what your conversion goal is. Within each template, you get over 1,000 free iStock images to make your pages come to life in a way that feels good (image wise) for you. The website claims you can have your landing page ready in less than 30 minutes with their system, and I believe that’s true for many people given how easy it is to use. If you’re a rookie at web design, you can still get an attractive landing page without worry about having to code. Each template can be built with a drag and drop editor. That means if you can click a button on a mouse, you can create a landing page. Another important feature is that every landing page template is fully mobile responsive. In Google’s eyes, mobile responsiveness is critical these days, so your SEO won’t take a hit. When you’re ready to hit publish, it’s easy to incorporate your landing page into your other sales funnels (if you use GetResponse). You can set up email funnels, webinars, or other marketing automation scenarios to continue nurturing your leads well after they convert on your landing page. Not bad, especially if you’re only trying to get an email address at first, and not make a sale. 2. LeadPages LeadPages is one of the more well-known landing page creators. It’s often used by bloggers to capture email addresses and promote events or courses. Like GetResponse, there are quite a few templates to choose from. With LeadPages, you can see what past companies have gotten in terms of their conversion rates. Keep in mind that these numbers might not be the same for you. A lot depends on who you’re targeting and your overall value proposition. You can create several pages and test these against each other to find the best message or design. This will ratchet up the cost a little bit, but if budget isn’t a big factor, it can be a good tool to use. There is also a nice analytics section available that lets you see how many people have viewed your page and how it’s performing. To access the most analytical information from your landing pages, you can use one of the integrations available through LeadPages. Although valuable, integrations are a small downside to LeadPages. This software focuses exclusively on landing page templates. That means you’ll still need to integrate your email marketing and webinar software. This isn’t difficult to do, but it does require a small amount of knowing where to find the right codes in the different tools as you finagle them together. 3. LaunchRock Depending on where you are in your sales cycle, you might need a super basic “coming soon” page for your website instead of a longer, more intricate design. In this case, you might want to consider using LaunchRock. LaunchRock is a landing page designer that’s easy to use, even for graphic design rookies. The difference between this and Get Response’s landing page creator and LeadPages is that it focuses exclusively on landing pages for businesses that haven’t quite yet opened their doors for business. If that’s where you’re at, this is a great tool! If not, look elsewhere. Like the first two tools mentioned, LaunchRock comes available with templates. These templates are broken out by industry, making it easier for you to find the right one for your business, even if you’re not quite sure what you need yet. Another benefit is that these templates are each responsive to mobile devices – something that (as I mentioned earlier) is preferred by Google, so your website won’t get dinged on the SEO-front. Probably the best part about LaunchRock is the price. You can get started free of charge, which means you’re not on the hook for anything you don’t truly need. 4. Five Second Test As a rule, you want to limit as many possibilities for distraction on your landing page as possible. That’s why common tips on building a landing page include eliminating the navigation bar and limiting your call-to-action to only be the one thing you’re hoping the person will do –enter an email address, buy, like your Facebook page, etc. Unfortunately, those are the only elements of distraction you can control. What you can’t control is the notifications popping up on the person’s computer or phone. You can’t control who is in the room when the person is viewing your landing page, or what they’re doing. As a rule, you only have about five seconds to make an impression before a distraction threatens to steal your audience’s attention. To ensure you’re making the strongest first impression, you need to know what your audience sees in the first five seconds of landing on your page. The problem? You need unbiased feedback. No one in your company can tell you what the first impression will be because they’re too married to what you’re offering. You need someone completely new to your brand, business, and offering to give you an honest look. Enter: The Five Second Test. This tool lets you start a five second test and get people (usually within your target audience) to share with you what they saw in the first five seconds of looking at your page. When the visitor views the test, they’re shown a snippet of your webpage. Here’s a sample test from the website: After that, the visitor is asked questions about what they saw in the five seconds they were shown the snippet of your website. From there, you can see how people responded. Five Second Test generates a word cloud, giving you excellent visual feedback on your website. You’ll see what sticks out and what gets glossed over. Use this invaluable insight to tweak your page and boost your conversions. 5. Olark When someone’s interested in your offer, she’ll usually spend more than five seconds on your page. As she’s digging into your message and deciding if what you offer is right for her, you want to know what she’s thinking. That’s where Olark comes in handy. Olark is a non-obtrusive tool that you can put on your landing pages to chat with your customers. This little pop up in the bottom right corner lets you offer up help without stealing your visitor’s attention from the message at hand. Here’s what it looks like in action on the Olark website. Once a question is asked, your agents can see a wealth of information about the visitor, including what they have in their shopping cart, how many pages they’ve viewed, and more. From this little chat tool, you can gain valuable insight. Specifically, you can see what questions aren’t getting answered on your pages. Not only can you answer the question right away, making your visitor happier (and more likely to convert) before she leaves, but you can take this feedback and make tweaks to help convert future visitors. Ready, Set, Build There are many landing page tools out there, ready to help you create attractive pages. When trying to decide, think carefully about what’ll drive the best conversions for your goals. If your goal is simply to gather email addresses ahead of your launch, something as simple as LaunchRock might be best for you. If your goals are a little more robust, you might want to have more advanced templates (that are still easy to use) and tools that can give you the type of feedback that’ll let you boost your conversions. What landing page tool has caught your eye? Hand-Picked Related Articles: 3 Psychological Tools To Use In Landing Page Design How To Use Landing Pages In Google Analytics To Find Keywords Top Landing Pages Tips Right from the Industry Experts * Adapted lead image: Public Domain, pixabay.com via getstencil.com Share4 Share6 Tweet +11 Stumble Pin Shares 11 By Jordan Kasteler| 2017-05-09T06:48:39+00:00 May 9th, 2017|SEO|0 Comments About the Author: Jordan Kasteler Jordan Kasteler is the SEO Director of Hennessey Consulting. His work experience ranges from co-founding BlueGlass Interactive, in-house SEO at Overstock.com, marketing strategy at PETA, and agency-level SEO & marketing. Jordan is also an international conference speaker, columnist, and book author of A to Z: Social Media Marketing. Jordan Kasteler Related Posts Leave A Comment Cancel reply Comment Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. SEARCH OUR BLOG NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Categories Analytics & ROI Analysis (197) Company News (80) Content (1,072) Conversion Optimization (132) Display Advertising/RTB (29) Email Marketing (50) En Espangol (7) En Francais (22) Inbound Marketing (189) Lead Nurture & Marketing Automation (62) Local Search (157) Marketing (155) Mobile (69) Partnership Marketing (9) PPC (273) PR (84) SEO (1,972) Social Media Marketing (898) Web Design (320) Latest Posts How To Create The Perfect Visual Content For Social Media How To Repurpose A Blog Post Into A Slideshare 6 Visual Content Marketing #Stats (& How To Take Advantage Of Them) 3 Ways Marketing and Sales Tech Can Boost Your B2B Content ROI 40 Unbelievable SEO Statistics You Need to Know Recent Comments Brad on What Makes Good Backlinks (& How to Build Them!) Ben on Analyze Your YouTube Channel Performance Using Supermetrics Darryl Manco on Understanding Emotion In The Marketing Funnel Amanda Maurer on 3 Targeting Ideas To Scale Your Facebook Advertising Nick R on How To Do Local SEO On The Neighborhood Level Learn more about SEP About Us Why Choose Us? The SEP Advantage Client Reviews and Testimonials Our Process Our Research PARTNERS In The News Contact Us MENU OUR METHODS OUR TECHNOLOGY OUR WORK WHAT WE DO TESTIMONIALS ABOUT US CAREERS OTTAWA THINKING DIGITAL BLOG How To Create The Perfect Visual Content For Social Media How To Repurpose A Blog Post Into A Slideshare 6 Visual Content Marketing #Stats (& How To Take Advantage Of Them) 3 Ways Marketing and Sales Tech Can Boost Your B2B Content ROI 40 Unbelievable SEO Statistics You Need to Know Privacy Policy | Contact Us GIVE US A CALL 1.877.486.7875 NEWSLETTER SIGNUP GET SOCIAL Copyright: Search Engine People Inc. – Canada’s Top Digital Agency FacebookTwitterPinterestGoogle+Linkedin Read previous post: Making Your Content Locally Relevant Close
MENU Press Offices Arbor Networks BCX Eset Hitachi Data Systems Huawei MTN Resolve SAP Tecno UNICAF Veeam Westcon-Comstor WWC Magazine Gallery Advertise Newsletter Submit News Contact MENU Home Africa’s Technology News Leader Top Stories The most important technology stories News Technology news categorized General General tech news Mobile and Telecoms Telecommunications Enterprise Cloud in Africa. Backup and Storage Backup and Storage news Big Data Big Data news Cloud Computing Cloud Computing news Internet of Things Enterprise Architecture news Hardware Hardware Software Software news IT Security The latest IT Security news Satellite Communications News about Satellite Communication Gadgets & Gaming Consumer Tech Startups Online & Social Internet, digital and social media news Events News Must attend Tech events Opinion According to the experts Features Taking an in-depth look PR Newswire Video Video interviews and features Industries Technology news by industry Education Mining and Energy Finance Healthcare Retail Regions IT news around Africa West Africa East Africa Southern Africa North Africa Companies Company news and Press Releases Company News Huawei HP Software Events Conferences and Seminars Education Innovation Summit | 31 May 2017 IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Healthcare Innovation Summit | 23 – 24 Aug 2017 Advertise Connect with our audience Is It Still Possible to Protect One’s Online Privacy? May 24, 2017 • Big Data, Lists, Security Facebook0 Twitter0 LinkedIn0 Google+0 Pinterest0 NordVPN gives advice about staying private in the world dominated by data giants Data has become the most valuable commodity in the world, the same way as oil was a century ago, and concerns are similar: most of the world’s data is in the hands of a few giants, namely Google, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft and Apple. As their reach keeps expanding and profits keep rising (their collective profit was over $25bn in the first quarter of 2017), experts are calling for the need to break up their dominance or to create another platform that would provide a more private method of browsing. For example, German companies are planning to curb the data industry’s dominance by creating a joint platform that will allow customers to determine whether and how their personal data can be used by third parties. In the meanwhile, the data dominance by industry giants results in personal users’ data being tracked, collected and sold to third parties. Facebook knows a user’s friends, all interactions, sites visited (if they have a Facebook page), purchases, devices a person uses to access Facebook, and much more. Google collects a users’ name, email address, telephone number, credit card (if entered), one’s interaction with other websites, device used, search queries and so on. Google also stores information in a local browser as “cookies.” When faced with such data control by a few large companies, people still have some power in their own hands to protect their privacy than they often can imagine. In fact, there are some simple steps for everyone to take that would significantly reduce intrusive behavior by Internet companies and protect one’s privacy. Here are some simple rules: 1. Facebook. Use Facebook’s Download Your Information tool to find out what kind of personal information is collected. Make sure to visit privacy settings and select who can see which information. And certainly, be careful what kind of information you share with Facebook. Some people, for example, choose not to use their real names, location and other personal data. 2. Google. The first step is to use Google’s Privacy Checkup to see how much information you might be voluntarily sharing. Secondly, see how private are your apps. Google’s Privacy Policy actually allows to turn off tracking, voice searches, and other features, to view and edit one’s preferences or to adjust one’s public profile. Also, make sure you use 2-step verification. 3. Overall Internet privacy. VPN (Virtual Private Network) is the most common and secure tool used to stay private online. NordVPN, for example, offers military grade encryption for those looking to keep their information for themselves. A VPN encrypts data between a user’s computer and VPN server and routes it through a secure tunnel, so all online activity becomes invisible to trackers, data collectors and any kinds of data spies. For example, only a VPN can help bypass new increased ISP data collection in the U.S., as well as the potential removal of net neutrality. Staff Writer listprivacytatips « Netshield introduces cost-effective WIFI IOT Multi Sensor devices Securing the blockchain » Search Tags Africa Airtel apple BlackBerry Broadband cloud cloud computing Egypt facebook Gadgets and Gaming Ghana Google Huawei ict ict news internet IT News IT News Africa IT Security kenya Microsoft Mobile Mobile and Telecoms MTN news Nigeria Nokia Opinion Safaricom samsung SAP Security Software South Africa tech news technology technology news Telecom telecom news telecoms Telkom Uganda vodacom west africa zimbabwe News Alerts Sign up for our FREE News Alerts       In the news Forex Rates Latest Headlines Steps to Protect Your Organisation from Ransomware May 25, 2017 The dark, dangerous, and insanely profitable world of DDoS attacks May 24, 2017 JUMO Selected for Google Launchpad Accelerator May 24, 2017 Securing the blockchain May 24, 2017 Is It Still Possible to Protect One’s Online Privacy? May 24, 2017 Netshield introduces cost-effective WIFI IOT Multi Sensor devices May 24, 2017   UPCOMING EVENTS   Education Innovation Summit 31 May 2017     Healthcare Innovation Summit 23 - 24 August 2017     IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Company Press Offices Press Offices Arbor Networks Condyn ContinuitySA Eset Fujitsu Huawei Interactive Intelligence MCI MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tom Tom USAASA Veeam Westcon-Comstor MOST POPULAR TWITTER Twitter Tweets by @ITNewsAfrica Photos on flickr Veeam announces new Co-CEOs May 17, 2017 SA Rocket Scientist Wins Big May 12, 2017 Interview: Jasper Westerink CEO of Phillips Africa April 19, 2017 Top Female Tech Entreprenuer to Chair AfriLabs Board April 12, 2017 eBay Founder Pledges $100 Million In Fight Against Fake News April 6, 2017 Interview: Ross Hickey Of Trinity Telecom Discusses IoT April 4, 2017 SAP Africa appoints new Head of Innovation April 4, 2017 Twitter Mourns The Passing Of Ahmed Kathrada March 28, 2017 Interview: Dr Mumick of Kirusa discusses telecoms in emerging markets March 17, 2017 Interview: Underwriter Laboratories’s Steven Jackets discusses The Future of Authetication March 16, 2017 Newsletter Would you like to receive the latest African technology news and analysis delivered to your e-mail inbox every morning? Then simply subscribe to our free daily e-mail newsletter.   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER   Useful Links > Send us news > Advertise on ITNewsAfrica.com > Advertise in African Innovator Magazine > Enquire about a Company Press Office > Careers Follow Conferences > Innovation Dinner Series > ICT Business Breakfast Series > Tech Demo Africa All conference enquiries: events[at]itnewsafrica.com African Innovator Magazine > Subscription > Where to buy © 2017 | IT News Africa – Africa's Technology News Leader
You're about to be redirected We notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com. READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com Startup Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow MB Vans Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2017 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Notes to My Younger Self Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Tip Sheet The Playbook Founders Forum Peak Performance Women Who Lead Notes to My Younger Self World's Coolest Offices How I Did It Lift Inc. Tested Drinks With… GrowCo 2017 Origin Stories Inc. Live Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO INC. BUSINESS HUB Inc. Verified Profile Inc. Plus Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. TECHNOLOGY Google's New System Tracks Credit Card Transactions to See If Its Online Ads Are Working The announcement renews privacy debates as to how the company is using customers' data. By Emily Canal Emily Canal is a reporter at Inc. Previously, she wrote for Forbes, The New York Times, and The Boston Globe. @emilycanal Reporter, Inc.com@emilycanal WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement Google is using billions of credit card transaction records to determine if its online ads are working, even if customers are purchasing items in brick-and-mortar stores, the company announced Tuesday. Industry insiders described this as the "holy grail" of online advertising, according to The Washington Post. While the advance in technology allows Google to understand purchase activity and establishes the number of sales created by digital ad campaigns, it also renews privacy debates as to how the company is using customers' personal information. Google already analyzes user data through their apps like Gmail, Google Maps and YouTube. But the new system will allow Google to connect that information with purchases made outside of the digital world. Google currently captures 70 percent of all credit and debit card transactions through unnamed partner firms, The Washington Post reports. However, Google declined to comment on how the new system operates or what companies are sifting through these transaction records on Google's behalf, according to The Washington Post. "While we developed the concept for this product years ago, it required years of effort to develop a solution that could meet our stringent user privacy requirements," Google said in a statement. "To accomplish this, we developed a new, custom encryption technology that ensures users' data remains private, secure, and anonymous." Published on: May 24, 2017 Advertisement
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. T-Mobile Will Pay Off Verizon Customers’ iPhones If They Switch (And Pay For Insurance) Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share T-Mobile Will Pay Off Verizon Customers’ iPhones If They Switch (And Pay For Insurance) Image courtesy of JeepersMedia May 24, 2017 10:05 am EDT By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk going a'courting t-mobile verizon wireless wireless carriers at&t sprint T-Mobile is once again trying to lure away customers from a bigger wireless provider, this time offering to pay off the remaining iPhone (or Google Pixel) payments for Verizon customers willing to jump ship… and also willing to toss away $15/month on insurance. T-Mobile is launching a limited time promotion on May 31 that will pay off any remaining balance Verizon customers have remaining on their Google Pixel or iPhone devices when they switch to the UnCarrier. You’ll have to pay off the balance yourself first. Within about 15 days, T-Mobile says it will send former Verizon customers a prepaid digital MasterCard for whatever amount they had to pay off, “whether you owe $1 or $1,000.” Devices eligible in the promotion include: iPhone SE, 6s, 6s Plus, 7, 7 Plus; and Google Pixel, Pixel XL. There is one caveat: You’ll have to purchase a $15/month Premium Device Protection Plus insurance plan, which, among other things, includes protection against loss, theft, accidental damage, McAfee ID Protection, and McAfee Content Protection. The company says wireless customers have wasted more than $1.6 billion trading in phones that work perfectly fine when they switch networks, and the company wants to change that. “There is no such thing as a Verizon Pixel. It’s just a Pixel, and today, many of the most popular smartphones, including the Pixel, work great on all networks,” the company said. T-Mobile also has an offer for AT&T and Sprint customers, though it’s slightly different: The company will pay off the balances or early termination fees for customers who switch from those carriers, but you’ll have to finance a new device with T-Mobile. However, unlike before, you won’t have to trade in your phone. Instead, it’s yours to keep, sell, or give to your mom so she can finally join 2017. The offer is different for AT&T and Sprint customers because devices on those networks “won’t work right away on T-Mobile’s network.” May 24, 2017 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk going a'courting t-mobile verizon wireless wireless carriers at&t sprint Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related taking aim at big red T-Mobile To Dangle “Risk-Free” 14-Day Trial For Verizon Customers the land of the fee The Only Way To Avoid Paying A Fee For iPhone Upgrade Is To Pay Full Price the semi-carrier T-Mobile Slashes iPhone 6S Price To $20/Month; Offers Lifetime Coverage Guarantee choose your own adventure Your Guide To The Major Carriers’ iPhone 6 Offers trolling T-Mobile Wants To Subsidize Your Google Pixel, Sort Of Previous Graco Recalling 25,400 Carseats That May Not Properly Restrain Children In A Crash Next DeVos Education Budget Could Make It Harder To Obtain, Repay Student Loans Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: DeVos Education Budget Could Make It Harder To Obtain, Repay Student Loans Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Features Tips & Tricks How to Secure Your Android Phone and Get the Most Out of Smart Lock By Rob Thubron on May 24, 2017 TechSpot Popular 10 comments Pixel phones from Project Fi are showing up blacklisted 9 comments Media player vulnerabilities allow hackers to take control of a device using subtitle files 16 comments Security flaw found in solid-state drive design The 5 highest rated games on Steam probably aren't what you expect How to Secure Your Android Phone and Get the Most Out of Smart Lock 9 comments Microsoft unveils all-new Surface Pro with major battery life improvements 'Fallout 4' will be free to play this weekend on Steam and Xbox One 11 comments Origin Chronos Small Form Factor Gaming PC Review 90 Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Comments Hackers, malware, thieves, today’s Android users are facing more threats than ever before. As such, your device’s security has never been more important. Here are some of the best practices for securing your phone, along with a few helpful tips that could make your life easier. Enable Remote Tracking, Locking, and Wiping The prospect of losing our smartphones, or having them stolen, fills us with dread. For those that don’t lock their devices (something we’ll get to later), it brings the risk of someone accessing their accounts for nefarious purposes. All of which are good reasons why you should use Google's 'Find My Device' app, which until recently was called Android Device Manager. Once it’s set up, you’ll be able to locate your handset (providing it’s turned on and has a wireless signal) and ring, lock, or wipe the phone. It’s a feature you’ll be grateful for if the worst ever happens. Keep Everything Up to Date It may sound obvious, but you’d be surprised at how many people don’t keep their Android operating system and apps up to date. Doing so means Google can patch newly discovered vulnerabilities in the OS, while devs can remove bugs and secure their applications. In the Play Store, go to Settings > Auto-update apps and choose to either update any time or Wi-Fi only. To keep Android up to date, search for Software Update in the Settings menu (its location can vary depending on the phone) and make sure automatic downloads are switched on. Be Careful If Downloading Apps from Outside of Google’s Store While there are trustworthy third-party websites and app stores outside of Google's, such as Amazon’s app store, there are those places where downloading software comes with a massive risk. Google works hard to stop malware-loaded apps from appearing in its store, which is why the ‘Allow unknown sources’ option that blocks downloads from elsewhere is disabled by default. Unless you know what you’re doing, you may want to avoid sideloading. Use a Screen Lock Probably the most basic yet important security feature is one that often gets ignored. Typing in a PIN code or pattern every time you want to use your phone can be annoying, true, but the hassle is worth it should the device ever be stolen or lost. Plus, a huge number of handsets now come with easy-to-set-up fingerprint scanners, so there’s no excuse not to use the feature. Go to Settings> Lock Screen and Security > Screen Lock Type to set up the system you want to use. It’s also advisable to activate the ‘lock automatically’ feature, which locks the screen five seconds after it turns off automatically. Take Advantage of Smart Lock Smart Lock is possibly one of the most useful yet underutilized Android features. It offers a number of ways to keep a device unlocked, or automatically unlock it without having to use a fingerprint/PIN/pattern. How to access it varies depending on your Android version, but in the latest OS version Nougat, it’s under Lock Screen and Security > Secure Lock Settings. There are five unlocks method on offer of which we'd recommend you to skip Trusted Voice and Trusted Face, these three are relatively proven to make your life easier, while still having your phone secured most of the time. On-body detection When you’re out and about, it’s helpful for your handset to stay unlocked while it’s on your person. This means when you pull the device out of your pocket/bag, or even if you’re carrying it around in your hand, it will be instantly accessible. The system uses the phone’s accelerometer, so it’s not available on every Android device. Once a handset detects it has been set down, it will lock. Trusted Places Assuming you live/work with people you trust, or alone, then you might want to consider Smart Lock’s Trusted Places feature. As the name suggests, it allows owners to designate locations where a handset will remain unlocked while it's in the relatively close vicinity. It works best with a Wi-Fi connection, and Google recommends that high-accuracy or battery-saving location mode is turned on. Trusted Places works on estimates, meaning a device could remain unlocked within a radius of up to 80 meters from a set position. Trusted Devices Similar to Trusted Places, this keeps your Android device unlocked whenever it is near a chosen device. It’s most useful when pairing a handset with Bluetooth watches, Fitness trackers, and car infotainment systems. I use it so my car’s ready to play Spotify from my phone as soon as I climb in. Always make sure you’re using a trusted Bluetooth device, though your phone will notify you if it can’t determine that you’re using a secure connection. Activate Guest Mode (From our previous tip on little known useful Android features) A less restrictive option for when you need to share your device is enabling Android’s native guest account. The guest profile can do most of the same things as the device’s owner, but the apps on the device won’t be connected to your account, keeping files and messages safe from prying eyes. Manage App Permissions Android may be a tad annoying about asking for your default app the first time you open a new type of file and app permissions the first time a certain app wants access to something stored in your phone, but once you're set up, it's a blessing when you think about the privacy implications. For example, Instagram will ask access to the camera, Whatsapp will want to see your contacts, or Waze will ask for location services, however for other less essential functions, you get control about what you want permission to. For example, with very few exceptions I never allow games to access my contacts or other personal information. Also, you may have missed that the Play Store gives extra information about app permissions, which may come handy before you even install a certain app. Other Ways to Protect Enabling two-factor authentication and leveraging Google Authenticator is always a good idea for important accounts. Not connecting to unknown Wi-Fi networks is to say the least a good practice. And lastly, though we're not big fans of antivirus suites on phones, but you should know there are plenty of paid-for and free options from big industry names like Norton, Bitdefender, Kaspersky, and Avast, along with some excellent lesser-known products such as AVL and, my personal favorite, Sophos. 5 days, 5 killer tech tips is a TechSpot monthly feature On the third week of every month, we'll publish 5 killer tech tips, one for each day of the week for a given app, service, or platform. This month we're covering Android. Day 1: Useful or Little Known Android Tricks + Easter Egg Games Day 2: How to Reboot and Reset Android Devices Day 3: How to Secure Your Android Phone and Get the Most Out of Smart Lock Day 4: TBA Day 5: TBA 3 comments 90 interactions Share this article: User Comments: 3 Got something to say? Post a comment Load comments… Discuss 10 Software to convert PDF to other formats 21 I can't play my recovered .mov files 12 AAE image question 7 Kodak Easyshare software 9 VLC for IOS 2.7.8 Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Hot Topics: News Video Reviews Phones Tablets Android Nougat Apps How-to Submit a Tip greenbot Popular Stories: A list of all the Google Now voice commands 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8) 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3 Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks Search Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Apps All Apps Entertainment Software Games Productivity Software Social Media Utility Software Carriers Gadgets Google Services All Google Services Google Apps Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events All Tech Events Back to School Holiday Gift Guide News Tips Submit a tip Home Android News Google gives families simple sharing tools for events, notes, and photos Easily share things through Keep, Calendar, and Photos. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Michael Simon Staff Writer, Greenbot | May 24, 2017 7:37 AM PT Credit: Google More like this Hands on with Family Link, Google's powerful new tool for managing your kids'... Google's new Family Link app helps parents keep tabs on their kids' phone... How to manage your Google Account on your Android phone Video Hands-on with the new Google Assistant Google introduced some fantastic sharing features for its Photos app during I/O, letting you automatically send photos based on who’s in them or set your library to sync with your loved ones. What Google didn’t tell us is that it’s the start of a larger push to stay connected to your family. Along with Photos’ new sharing abilities, Google is also adding new features to YouTube, Calendar, and Keep to help you stay in the loop. A new Family Group option will let you easily send things like shopping lists, important appointments, and, of course, photos, with the people who need them most. Family-centric groups aren’t new to Google—we’ve seen them in action inside the Google Play store and Play Music app—but now it’s coming to more services. To get started, you’ll need to create a family group on Google with up to six people. Then, the things you share with them will be able to be edited or deleted as if they created them on their own phone. In Keep, for example, when you share something with a family group, it will be marked with a new icon of a house with a heart inside it. In Calendars, a new Family calendar will be created, which will then be added to each person’s app. Any event created within the family calendar will be synced to all members’ phones, and like Keep, everyone will be able to create, delete, and edit events. You’ll also be able to send pictures and videos to the people in your group through the Photos app. Calendar events can only be shared separately with people who aren’t part of your family group, but outsiders added to Keep will be able to see that you're in a family group. All members of the family group will need to stay updated to the latest versions of the apps to properly share with each other. Additionally, Google is also spotlighting the family groups in YouTube TV. Subscribers can share their membership with up to five family members, who will each get their own cloud DVR with unlimited space. The new family groups feature appears to be limited to Android phones and is currently rolling out to all users. New apps of the various apps don’t seem to be required for the family groups to work, so it’s likely a server-side switch. Why this matters: Most families are already hooked up with Google services, but family groups make it even easier to stay in touch. We'd love to see it expanded to include Google's other apps as well, such as Drive and Android Messages, to completely streamline our lines of communication. To comment on this article and other Greenbot content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Android Google Apps Michael Simon covers all things mobile for Greenbot and Macworld. You can usually find him with his nose buried in a screen. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Popular on Greenbot Watch TV for free with these 10 Android apps You don't need a pricey subscription to enjoy top TV on your phone. Four Android apps that put SMS on your desktop Dress up your texts with these 4 Android SMS-replacement apps Newsletter Get the latest news, trends, apps, and tips for your Android phone. Get our Greenbot download newsletter Go The 15 best Android puzzle games for teasing your brain The Play Store has an abundance of great puzzlers, and we've picked the cream of the crop. 10 must-have apps for your new Android phone Make your great new phone even greater by installing these apps right away. More from... Featured Stories Gmail vs Inbox: Which Google email client is right for you? Gmail and Inbox are both excellent free clients. But which is the best one for your email needs? Samsung Galaxy S8: Tips, reviews, FAQ, price, and more This is your one-stop shop for Galaxy S8 specs, reviews, information, videos, and more. How to get everything off your old Android phone No one wants to spend forever moving all their stuff to a new phone. Here's a quick and painless guide... The 10 best features in Android O (so far) We've explored the developer's preview of Android O, the next version of Google's operating system, and... Sponsored Links Building a cloud business case? Need data to back up your cloud strategy? Greenbot Follow us Apps Carriers Gadgets Google Services Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events News Tips Submit a tip Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Tech All Tech Science Phones & Gadgets Gaming BIG BROTHER IS BANKING ON YOU Google plans to track credit card spending so it knows when you are buying things in shops – as well as online Privacy advocates have deemed the move 'intrusive' and warn that consumers have no idea they are being monitored in this way By Margi Murphy 24th May 2017, 3:33 pm Updated: 24th May 2017, 3:48 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments GOOGLE has revealed “intrusive” new plans to track what we are buying in shops. It will use credit and debit card information to prove that its online adverts can get shoppers to the till. Getty Images 3 Google is bringing out a new advert service which lets companies track digital adverts along with credit and debit card transactions Determining how many sales are generated by digital advert campaigns has long been the “holy grail” among industry insiders. Google has previously used web browsing, search history and geographic locations to see if an ad has been successful. But adding transactions in shops to the mix could help Google show clients that buying advertising is a good idea. Virgin Holidays said it has already benefited from tracking sales both on and offline. It found that those who buy in store after clicking on a search advert are “three times more profitable than an online conversation”, which means that people who buy instore – but previously saw or clicked on a Google advert – spend more than people who just click through an advert to buy online. Getty Images 3 Companies want to know whether ads placed on Google push us into buying while offline MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCE DEEP SPACE MYSTERY Star that could be home to 'alien megastructure' has started 'flashing' again WALK THE PLANK Free film sharing site ExtraTorrent shuts down as government cracks down on pirates TELLY EVERYONE! Kodi box users at risk of being hacked by cybercriminals using SUBTITLES to steal personal information LIFE, BUT NOT AS WE KNOW IT Alien life could be lurking closer than we thought - on Pluto and the moons of Jupiter and Saturn HAPPY SNAP Snapchat launches new feature which could change the way you share snaps and selfies forever DON'T 'NOK IT We tried out the new Nokia 3310 to find out if a retro mobile can satisfy modern smartphone owners YOU'RE GROUNDED Top drone manufacturer threatens to 'brick' its £1.5k copters unless owners agree to share their details online CORE BLIMEY! Forget iPhone 8 rumours... Apple fans are ALREADY gossiping about the iPhone 9 CHIP OFF THE OLD NOK The Nokia 3310 is available TODAY - here are the all-important details COSMIC CLOSE SHAVE Nasa spots FIVE asteroids set to make an ominously 'close approach' to Earth this year TECH IT OUT! From free AirPods for every buyer and rumours of 'leaked photos', these are the latest details for the iPhone 8 OUT OF STOCKIA? New Nokia 3310 UK release date is here - but you might not be able to get your hands on one until JULY 'PLUG AND PLAY' PIRACY The European Court has made a ruling over Kodi boxes - so can you still use them? SHUT YOUR WINDOWS Microsoft can record your voice and everything you type into Windows 10 - here's how to stop it EMISSION IMPOSSIBLE? Doomsday sperm bank on the MOON could help us survive an apocalyptic disaster 'WE'D LIKE TO HELP' Instagram issues warning about Blue Whale suicide game - but lets users see self harm pics anyway Are aliens real? These unsolved space mysteries could PROVE extraterrestrials are out there somewhere LOVE IS THE DRUG Human 'love hormone' oxytocin helps strangers to form emotional bonds, scientists discover Time and space! If thick cloud blocked your view of the 2016 supermoon, there's another chance to spot it later this year PIRATE NETWORK Pirated movies can now be found on FACEBOOK as crooks look for new ways to share files for free   It’s easy to forget that Google is primarily a massive advertising company that makes billions from our eyeballs. But the new powers to track our offline spending has caused a stir with privacy advocates. They claim that customers haven’t got the faintest idea that their transactions are being tracked, and more must be done to alert them. “What’s really fascinating to me is that as the companies become increasingly intrusive in terms of their data collection, they also become more secretive,” Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center told the Washington Post. Google Maps adds real-time location tracker 3 Here's what some adverts look like on Google The search giant said it is in partnership with companies who track 70 per cent of all credit and debit card transactions in the United States. It can merge this information with the data it owns which shows who has seen or clicked on an advert in that location. Google said it puts user privacy first. "While we developed the concept for this product years ago, it required years of effort to develop a solution that could meet our stringent user privacy requirements," it said in a statement. "To accomplish this, we developed a new, custom encryption technology that ensures users' data remains private, secure, and anonymous." The UK government gave Google a slap on the wrist after it emerged adverts - footed by the British taxpayer - were appearing on terrorist propaganda YouTube clips. Google Lens turns your smartphone into a live search engine We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   The Sun Topics Google Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular PINK TO MAKE THE BOYS WINK Katie Price divides fans after showing off her new pink wig on Instagram TV & Showbiz Exclusive MY FIGHT TO SAVE SAFFIE Brave first-aider relives moment he held dying Saffie Roussos, 8, in his arms and told her 'you'll be ok' as she cried out for her mum after Manchester terror attack News TOGETHER FOREVER Teen couple Chloe Rutherford, 17, and Liam Curry, 19, named as victims of Manchester attack News Revealed MUM'S THE WORD Jeremy McConnell left Ex On The Beach star heartbroken after trying to seduce her MUM TV & Showbiz 'I got the mood wrong' Eamonn Holmes apologises for calling police chief 'PC Plod' following Manchester bombing TV & Showbiz HELPING HAND Sex addict Scott Disick, 33, gropes new girlfriend Bella Thorne, 19, while tanning in Cannes TV & Showbiz sing with the angels Mum of Manchester bomb victim Olivia Campbell, 15, breaks down during vigil as teen's final heartbreaking text to boyfriend is revealed News DON'T SNOOZE YOU LOSE Getting less than SIX hours' sleep a night 'doubles chance of early death' Living Liam unleashed Liam Gallagher lets rip after years of silence, revealing his divorce hell, why his son owes him cash and of course... mocks brother Noel TV & Showbiz WORLD UNITES IN GRIEF Monuments around the globe light up in red, white and blue of Union Jack in tribute to Manchester victims News pippa ebay rage Pippa Middleton takes legal action after menus from her star-studded wedding were put on eBay for £500 News FAMILY MATTERS Jose Mourinho mobbed by his son Jose Jr on the pitch as he celebrates guiding Manchester United to Europa League glory Football Exclusive home comforts Ariana Grande 'praying for Manchester' after touching down in the US following concert terror attack TV & Showbiz BEFORE THE BLAST Manchester bomber Salman Abedi caught on CCTV at shopping centre buying 'bomb blast rucksack' News persuasive argument Zlatan Ibrahimovic poses with fan banner that says United striker can have sex with his wife Football Just Published LOVE IS THE DRUG Human 'love hormone' oxytocin helps strangers to form emotional bonds, scientists discover Tech Review DON'T 'NOK IT We tried out the new Nokia 3310 to find out if a retro mobile can satisfy modern smartphone owners Tech Time and space! If thick cloud blocked your view of the 2016 supermoon, there's another chance to spot it later this year Tech Space plan! How YOU can see the next black moon and the low down on the rare solar eclipse News COSMIC CLOSE SHAVE Nasa spots FIVE asteroids set to make an ominously 'close approach' to Earth this year Tech BIG BROTHER IS BANKING ON YOU Google to track credit card spending so it knows when you are buying things in shops Tech BEEB WATCHING YOU Do I need a password to sign in to BBC iPlayer and when do the new rules come into force? News 'PLUG AND PLAY' PIRACY The European Court has made a ruling over Kodi boxes - so can you still use them? Tech Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
HR Professionals Recruiters Business Leaders Board Consulting Client Login Find Recruiters eGOLD Recruitment Marketing Data eGOLD Business Leaders For Recruiters Update Business Entry Sections Sections HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Content Type News Features Insights Videos Magazine Partners & Supplier Directory More from HR Grapevine #HRGV2017 Conference Events Jobs Follow HR Grapevine on... LinkedIn Twitter Facebook YouTube Our Communities Executive Grapevine Recruitment Grapevine Business Grapevine Find Recruiters eGOLD Recruitment Marketing Data eGOLD Business Leaders For Recruiters Update Business Entry More about EG EG Corporate HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Partners & Suppliers More Executive Grapevine Recruitment Grapevine Introducing Business Grapevine Online Services eGOLD Recruitment eGOLD Business Leaders Update Business Entry News Features Insights Videos Magazine Events Jobs Follow Us Google staff ditch HR & start own harassment blog Wed, 24 May 2017 10:15am BST News Jake Matthews HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd The department which handles any form of harassment is HR. But at Google there’s another way – an employee-run message board. ‘Yes, at Google’ collates anonymous submissions from Google and Alphabet and circulates them companywide, according to five current recipients who work there – Bloomberg reports. These current recipients do not have the authority to speak to the press about internal company affairs. According to two of the five, over 15,000 members of staff – 20% of their workforce – have signed up since October.    BeBoldForChange: Rethinking gender diversity But what do we need to change? Are we looking through the wrong lens for a solution? Through the media... Read more With the lack of diversity in the technology sector an issue, ‘Yes, at Google’ is a method for workers inside to push for change. Google management has no say on what goes on it (although they are promoting it as an example of how great a place Google is to work at), though teams or specific peoples are occasionally consulted about certain items prior to publishing, a person familiar with the matter said. Allegations, according to documents seen by Bloomberg earlier this month, include: “A colleague started a meeting off by making a joke that called a woman in the adjacent meeting room ‘some random b****.” A complaint about Google’s on-campus hairdressers: “[Hairdressers say]: ‘I’ve never encountered hair like yours before’. [This] comes across as code for: ‘I’m not trained to cut the hair of people of your race’.” A ‘Noogler’, new Googler, who was asked to go for drinks with an engineer. The email read: “Upon arriving, discovered there was no group. Subsequently informed by the engineer that she was expected to ‘sleep with everyone’ because that's the culture here.” This was accompanied by a note urging for more information to be shared “so [the Employee Relations Team] can look into this matter and address it appropriately”.   “A male Googler drank excessively at an offsite event and touched a few different female Googlers in a manner that made them uncomfortable, made inappropriate comments, and followed two women back to their hotel room and told them ‘I’m following you’.” This matter was resolved by Google’s management: “Thanks to Googlers who came forward with information about these incidents, we investigated, substantiated the concerns and terminated the Googler's employment.” A Google spokesperson said: “Our employees have numerous ways to raise issues - both negative and positive - with us, including through grassroots transparency efforts like this one. We take concerns seriously and take appropriate measures to address them.” Peter Cappelli, George W Taylor Professor of Management at The Wharton School and Director of Wharton’s Center for Human Resources, believes having a list similar to this “could be a pretty smart thing for an employer to do”.  He explains: “You can find out stuff that's going on without having to do surveys. Employees don't necessarily trust hotlines, and they certainly don't always trust going to their supervisor with problems.”  Add Comments Most Read Across HR Grapevine In HR Operations 1 Top 50 Employers for Women revealed 27/04/2017 245 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 2 Fox News employees file lawsuit against networks' 'hostile racial discrimination' 26/04/2017 45 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 3 Nan's brutal resignation highlights value of workplace honesty 12/05/2017 151 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 4 Cyber-hero who halted NHS hack rewarded with THIS by boss... 15/05/2017 162 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 5 John Lewis ‘inadvertently’ breaks pay rules 10/05/2017 193 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 6 Pregnant employee told baby bump would be 'unprofessional' at work event 27/04/2017 174 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 7 Top 10 highest paying UK companies 26/04/2017 155 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 8 The worst comments pregnant women have heard at work 02/05/2017 48 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 9 Fashion firm sacks staff by Instagram 28/04/2017 38 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 10 Coca-Cola Co.'s new CEO gives THIS advice to staff 10/05/2017 226 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 1 Top 50 Employers for Women revealed 27/04/2017 245 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 2 Fox News employees file lawsuit against networks' 'hostile racial discrimination' 26/04/2017 45 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 3 Nan's brutal resignation highlights value of workplace honesty 12/05/2017 151 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 4 Pregnant employee told baby bump would be 'unprofessional' at work event 27/04/2017 174 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 5 The worst comments pregnant women have heard at work 02/05/2017 48 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 6 Fashion firm sacks staff by Instagram 28/04/2017 38 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 7 The happiest place to work revealed 17/05/2017 209 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 8 3 things cc'ing a senior employee does to your staff 04/05/2017 274 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 9 5 signs your employees want a promotion 16/05/2017 114 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 10 5 things employees do to impress the boss 08/05/2017 169 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Guide to Global Mobility Top Tips for Moving Employees Abroad How to deal with a change in scenery HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Mobility programmes: 360 degree overview on challenges and success factors Employee Benefits, Benefits and compensation, tax strategy and relocation services:... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd The rise of international benefit plans International approach to managing expatriate benefits: advantages, resources and... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How is silence interpreted in different cultures? Silence is golden, as the saying goes. But silence has many meanings in cross-cultural... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 2017: Talent Management's Defining Moments This year holds a number of defining moments for HR professionals who work in talent... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Implementing Alternative International Assignment Approaches It's no secret that international assignments have evolved significantly over time... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Tech makes Global Mobility truly mobile The pressure from outside forces is driving massive technological change within ... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Are global mobility teams becoming more strategic? The global mobility landscape is changing. To support a growing number of international... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Relocation in a digital age: are you a gate-keeper or game-changer? “Technology is a game changer and it's bringing Global Mobility into the modern... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Relocating families and state school applications in the UK: what to expect For parents, the decision to accept an international assignment can hinge on whether... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Stats and trends 46% of HR managers struggle to find quality international candidates HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Get ahead of the game by registering now Submit Example Newsletter Remind me later * By registering you agree that you have read and agree to our Terms and Conditions and that Executive Grapevine International Ltd and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content and products. Related Insights How to engage, attract & retain employees March 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 5 ways to reduce stress-related claims March 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Careers in the 21st century April 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How Google uses people analytics May 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 86% of businesses concerned about negative impact of failing to adhere to GDPR April 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Follow us on Twitter Follow @HRGrapevine Follow us on LinkedIn Magazine Features HR in the hot seat April 2017 The emerging trend of hot desking... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd The Secret HR Director: HR: Keep it simple April 2017 Our resident Secret HRD reveals why Adam... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd A Perspective of HR: Liam Miller, Wowzr's Founder April 2017 Miller reveals the advice he'd give a younger... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd HR Grapevine Magazine May 2017 May 2017 Inside Planet Organic's culture cultivation How... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd HR in the hot seat April 2017 The emerging trend of hot desking HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Like us on Facebook Read More Fox News worker allegedly fired 3 days after reporting pregnancy 24/05/2017 News HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd COO reveals how to eradicate workplace sexism 23/05/2017 News HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Employees reveal biggest work blunders 23/05/2017 News HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd The top priorities for HR this year 23/05/2017 News 7 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How to manage the 5 biggest challenges of remote workers 22/05/2017 News 74 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd The card game that could solve workplace conflict 22/05/2017 News 39 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd © 1979-2017 Executive Grapevine International Ltd Corporate Contact Us Our Team Terms & Conditions Data Licensing Cookie Policy Privacy Legal Media Centre
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: May 25, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest BusinessNow Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Budget 2017 Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Creative Management Partners LLC May 24, 2017 10:00 ET 2017 First Quarter Broadcast Television Film News: Announcing Creative Management Partners Agent Alan Morell Client Options Works Sold BEVERLY HILLS, CA--(Marketwired - May 24, 2017) - Announced today, 2017 First Quarter Broadcast Film News: THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY: Creative Management Partners Announces Agent Alan Morell represented the negotiations and sale of Options Development of Author Book works for Film Festivals, Television and Film: "Escape from Plauen" to Film Festivals https://vimeo.com/203600586 PW: plauen "Venus Prime" to Claxson Interactive Group "The Secret" to "Circle the Globe Productions" part of "Expedition Unknown" Scripps Networks Interactive "Robots In Time" to Keller Entertainment Group, Inc. "Trading Up Fashion" to EUE/Sokolow "Eddie and the Emoticons" to Frogwater Media "Casino Rescue" to Gary Green Gaming "State of the Art Series" Honest Owl Works About Alan Morell: Mr. Alan Morell, Chairman and CEO, THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY: Creative Management Partners LLC, has 30 years of global experience in the successful development and management of talent, literary, TV and film packaging, commercial rights, corporate consulting, media positioning, sponsorship of live events and intellectual property (IP) rights. Mr. Morell is one of the few in the sports, entertainment and the arts industries, who has represented and managed clients, that have won the prestigious awards: Grammy; Tony; Oscar; Emmy, ESPY, Victors and NY Times Best Selling Authors. Mr. Morell began his career with International Management Group (IMG), where he served in a variety of executive offices including Corporate Vice President, (Executive of Talent, Commercial Rights, TV Packaging, Marquee Hospitality and Mergers & Acquisitions for Eastern and Western Hemispheres) serving corporate disciplines of global synergy within IMG diverse profit centers (International Management Inc.; International Merchandising Corp; Fashion Art Licensing; Trans World International). Mr. Morell currently serves as Chairman and CEO of THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY, Creative Management Partners LLC (www.creativemanagementpartners.com), a full service agency. In addition to associations with virtually every major television broadcast news and programming network in Corporate, Scripted and Unscripted (e.g. Disney ABC; Viacom CBS; Comcast NBC Universal, Time-Warner, HBO, Showtime, News America FOX, ESPN, Bravo, NatGEO, A&E, E, Pivot, Meredith Video Studios, OWN, LifeTime, MSNBC, CNBC, Discovery Communications, Time Inc., Coca Cola Entertainment, PepsiCo Entertainment, Google Inc); Mr. Morell has significant relationships in publishing and legitimate stage, foreign and domestic investment groups. In publishing, Mr. Morell's client authors "works", many of which are NY Times Best Selling Authors, have been bided out e.g. Publishers and his client Books to Film and Television; HarperCollins; iBooks, Hachette, St. Martin's Press, Grand Central, Rodale, Hay House, Simon & Schuster, Random House, William Morrow, Palgrave Macmillan, Penguin, Brick Tower Press et. al. Throughout his career, Mr. Morell created and/or managed more than 2,500 campaigns for talent and events globally within the disciplines of Sports (including the management of the "Legends and Masters of Tennis", which involved careers and campaigns of Rod Laver, Ken Rosewall, Bjorn Borg, John Newcombe, Illie Nastase, Bobby Riggs and Billie Jean King; "Masters of Hockey" with Phil Esposito and Bobby Orr; "Stars on Ice" with Scott Hamilton; "World Series of Golf" with Arnold Palmer; Entertainment (including management of the campaigns of Liberace, Henny Youngman, "Jilly Rizzo's Rat Pack Tour" featuring Frank Sinatra, & Dean Martin, Pro-Celebrity campaigns with Charlton Heston, Gene Wilder, Gene Hackman and the Arts (including the management of campaigns for Bill Cosby, Bobby Short, opera "Aida", "Madame Butterfly" and the London Symphony Orchestra; Gaming campaigns for Riviera, Bellagio, The Mirage, Flamingo, Las Vegas Hilton, Trump Atlantic City, Monte Carlo S. B. M. Hotels, Casinos. Mr. Morell served as the Executive Producer, hired by the Vatican DOB for the "Visit of Pope John Paul II to New York. Mr. Morell was engaged by Jay Coleman, for Commercial Representation of "The Rolling Stones 50th Anniversary Tour". Served as Commercial Sponsorship Advisor to President Ronald Reagan and President Bill Clinton inaugurals. As Director and Chief Executive Officer of CatalystOne, Inc. (software company), was responsible for that company's sale of software to the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) for the USVA sector. Recently in 2016, Mr. Morell represented Gov. Gary E. Johnson, Libertarian Candidate for President of the United States for Gov. Johnson book COMMON SENSE FOR THE COMMON GOOD by HarperCollins and the sales of his Audio Book to imprint Broadside. At THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY: Creative Management Partners, Mr. Morell's client list ranges from select individuals in Literary; Broadcast; Sports, Entertainment, the Arts, to Global Corporations. Mr. Morell is the leading Agent with Doctors in Literary and Broadcast, Fortune 500 Companies e.g. Bob Arnot MD: "Aztec Diet" HarperCollins NY Times Best Seller; NBC; Campaigns: Google Health, General Mills, Pfizer; John Whyte MD: "Is this Normal" by Rodale Press"; Discovery Communications; Campaigns: Johnson & Johnson; Lily); Vijay Vad MD: "Stop Pain" Hay House; Alan Xenakis MD: "Heart Truth" CBS; Eric Fisher PhD: "Eddie and the Emoticons"; CNN; Jingdaun Yang MD: "Facing East" Designer Norma Kamali, HarperCollins,; Christine Dumas Phd: "Today Show"; Giovanni Campaniele, MD "Sicilian Diet"; Alexis Abramson PhD: (CNN); Julio Gallo MD: Dr. Gallo & Co. Frogwater Media; Dr. Aaron Spitz "The Penis Book"; Dr. Stephen T. Greenberg "Plan B"; Dr. Rocco Monto "The Fountain: How 60 is the new 30", Rodale Books; "The Sainted" by Michael Medico J. Boylston & Company. In literary, (books to TV and Film Packaging, as well as Shopping Channels for commercial products). In the corporate sector, Mr. Morell consulting corporate relationships (include advising start up small cap CEOs and Board of Directors, incubation companies for exit to Fortune 500 companies via strategic partnerships, bid-out, mergers and buy out strategy) e.g. TREN, The 24 Hour Real Estate Network; NETCAST; Home and Kitchen Network LLC; Pfizer, Premier Model Management, D'Alessio Law Group, EB5 Studio, Premier Mission, ICBII; New Cells Sciences; ProGena Cell. Panther Biotech, Central Europe Genomics Center (CEGC); Private Access; PepsiCo, General Mills, NBC, and Google. Mr. Morell represents fiction and non-fiction Authors works to Publishers and for Film and Television Networks (which are featured exclusively on NETCAST, Creative Management Partners network) e.g. "Aztec Diet" by Dr. Bob Arnot, HarperCollins; New York Times Best Seller; Alan Trustman: The Thomas Crown Affair, Bullitt, and They Call Me Mr. Tibbs!, "Judas, "His Brother Keeps Her; Chasing The Ghost: The Life and Times of Charles The Ghost Kennedy by Bill Malinowski; "Escape From Plauen" by Renate Stoever iBooks to Solaris Entertainment for film; "Frankie Avalon Italian Family Cook Book" by Frankie Avalon, St. Martin's Press; Clio Award winning Producer, Director Richard D'Alessio for projects with Micromax Canvas Turbo with Hugh Jackman; "Jerry Seinfeld for American Express"; "Jay Leno for Jay Leno's Garage"; "God and Man on Wall Street" by CNBC Craig Columbus Brick Tower Press; "Man on the Eat" with Chef Michael Love, Frogwater Media, Zodiak for Food Network; Emmy Award Producer Mike Morris "Dinners Drive'In's and Dives' Food Network; Emmy nominated actor Thaao Penghlis, "Day of Our Lives" NBC; "Stop Pain" by Dr. Vijay Vad, Hay House Publisher; PBS Pledge Special; "Hazel's Masquerade" by Sarah Trautvetter, Milk and Cookies Publisher; "Is This Normal" by Dr. John Whyte, Rodale Publisher, Discovery Channel; "Salvage Chef" by Chef Michael Love, Skyhorse Publishing; "The Art of Empowered Parenting"; Eric Fisher, PhD, CNN "Tower of Thieves" AIG by Andrew Spencer, J. Boylston & Company; "Bear Trap" Fall of Bear Sterns by Andrew Spencer, Brick Tower Press; "The Greek Diet" by Maria Loi and Sarah Tolland, William Morrow; "Finding the SuperModel in You by Claudia Mason, Skyhorse Publishing; "U-Boats in the Bahamas and Turks & Caicos" by Eric T. Wiberg, Brick Tower Press; "Eddie and the Emoticons" by Eric Fisher PhD, Milk and Cookies "Being Uncle Charlie", Bobby Deasy Story: Random House; "Seducing Celebrities One Meal at a time" by Thaao Penghlis Brick Tower Press; "U. S. Immigration A-Z" by Lorraine D'Alessio Esq, IBooks; "Lose Your Heart, Not Your Mind: The Smart Women's Guide to Marriage by Aliette H. Carolan, Esq.; "Ready, Set...Risk!" by Daniella Levitt, J. Boylston & Co.; "Drink Right" by Dr. Bob Arnot, HarperCollins William Morrow; "The Oxygen Plan" by Eric Lucas iBOOKS; "Exposing the Wall Street Boys' Club" by James Goldberg, with Danny Espinosa, Esq.; "Chefs Run Wild", Frogwater Media Inc, Tim Troke, IMG Distribution, NatGeo; "Escape From Plauen" optioned for film Solaris Entertainment; "she effin hates me" by Scarlett Savage, Skyhorse Publishing, Optioned for Legitimate theatre. "Osceola's Revenge": Phenomena of Indian Gaming by Gary Green. Gemini Award nominated and Primetime Emmy Award nominated voice performer Dwayne Hill: "Cat" in the PBS anchored "Peg + Cat". "Venus Prime" rights held J. Boylston and Company Option to Purchase to Low Spark Films; "The Secret": The Treasure Hunt Motion Picture TV Media Rights held by iBooks to Claxson Interactive Group. Mr. Morell has a rich history with Broadway, where he served as the Executive Producer of the Broadway shows "The Boys Next Door" and "I Never Sang For My Father", as well as the commercial rights agent for "The Buddy Holly Story", "Into the Woods", "M. Butterfly" and "Meet Me In St. Louis". Mr. Morell was the first executive to bring naming rights to the Great White Way, with the branding and sponsorship of Philip Morris International. Mr. Morell supports the humanitarian efforts of Darfur; Clinton Foundation, Haiti Relief; Sconset Trust; MSPCA; serves on the Board of Leadership for Mass General Hospital and is a graduate of the University of Florida. Mr. Morell's book "Social Media: Rebranding Outside the Clutter" (working title) will be released in fall 2017 by iBooks. www.creativemanagementpartners.com Contact Information THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY 508-292-7900 Creative Management Partners LLC 433 North Camden Drive, 6th Floor Beverly Hills, Ca. 90210 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Creative Management Partners LLC From this industry Media and Entertainment From this sub-industry Books and Publishing Movies/Music Videos Music and Radio Television See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
× We use cookies to improve your experience. By your continued use of this site you accept such use. About Contact Log In/Signup en fr pt ar Toggle navigation Menu Home Press Offices Sources List Get APO Content Send a press release Advertising Agriculture Art Aviation/Airlines Banking/Finance Books Chemical Computers Defense/Aerospace Education Electricity Entertainment Environment Food/Beverages Health Infectious Diseases Infrastructure Insurance Internet Technology Investment Logistics Maritime Mining Mobile Motoring Movies Music Oil and Gas Pharmaceutical Renewable energy Retail Sport Telecommunications Textile Tobacco Tourism Transport Wood African Development Animals Asia Awards Business Children Economy Energy European Government Events/Media Advisory Foreign Policy Handicapped/Disabled Humanitarian Aid Justice/Legal issues Labour market Not For Profit Oil/Gas discoveries Personnel announcements Religion Trade Urbanism/Cities Water/Sanitation Women Afghanistan Africa Algeria Angola Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Benin Botswana Brazil Brunei Darussalam Burkina Faso Burundi California Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad China Comoros Congo (Republic of the) Cuba Democratic Republic of Congo Denmark Djibouti Egypt Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Finland France Gabon Gambia Germany Ghana Greece Guinea Guinea-Bissau Illinois India Ireland Islamic Republic of Iran Israel Italy Ivory Coast Japan Jordan Kenya Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Kuwait Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Mali Malta Mauritania Mauritius Middle East MONACO Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zeland Niger Nigeria Norway People's Republic of Bangladesh Portugal Russia Rwanda Sao Tome and Principe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Somalia Somaliland South Africa South Sudan Spain Sudan Swaziland Switzerland Tanzania The People's Republic of China Togo Tunisia Turkey Uganda United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Vatican Zambia Zimbabwe _ 4th UNI Africa Regional Conference A New Earth, organic and eco-living store Access Power Action Against Hunger - ACF-UK Action contre la Faim (ACF) Adebayo Vunge Advanced Finance & Investment Group LLC (AFIG Funds) Aera Group Africa 2.0 Africa Business Forum Africa Feeds Africa Finance Corporation (AFC) Africa Independents Forum Africa Initiative for Governance Africa Luxury Hospitality Africa News Latest Africa Oil & Power conference Africa PPP Africa Progress Panel (APP) Africa Property Investment (API) Summit & Expo Africa Regional Media Hub Africa Shared Value Summit Africa-Israel Summit Africa-PPB-EXPO Tanzania 2016 AfricaBusinessForum.com African Alliances for Women Empowerment and Africa Fertility Society African Alliances of Women Empowerment African Blogger Awards African Centre for Justice and Peace Studies (ACJPS) African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights (African Court) African Development Bank Group African Entrepreneurship Award (AEA) African Green Revolution Forum (AGRF) African Innovation Foundation (AIF) African Institute for Mathematical Sciences (AIMS) African Leadership African Leadership Academy (ALA) African Mineral Development Centre African Securities Exchanges Association (ASEA) African Society for Laboratory Medicine (ASLM) African Trade Insurance Agency (ATI) African Union Commission (AUC) African Union Peace and Security Department African Union Sports Council (AUSC) African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) African Utility Week African Viral Hepatitis Summit 2016 AfricanStates.info Afrinection Afrique Telecom AfroCan Resources Gold Ltd AfroChampions Initiative AGCO Corporation Agence de Promotion de l'Investissement Extérieur (FIPA) - Tunisie Agence française de développement (AFD) Aggreko plc Agility AGYP Aid & International Development Forum AIM Congress Aiteo Group Al Maskari Holding Al Yah Satellite Communications Company PrJSC, "Yahsat" Aleda SAS Aleph Hospitality Aliko Dangote and Bill Gates Aliko Dangote Foundation ALN Alpha Capital International Ambassade d'Allemagne à Tunis Ambassade d'Allemagne au Togo Ambassade de France au Cameroun Ambassade de France au Sénégal Ambassade de France en Algérie Ambassade de France en Guinée et en Sierra Leone Ambassade de l’Etat de Palestine au Sénégal Ambassade de la Republique du Rwanda en France Ambassade des Etats-Unis au Burkina Faso Ambassade des Etats-Unis au Senegal Ambassade des Etats-Unis d'Amérique au Maroc Ambassade du Burkina Faso à Paris Ambassade du Canada République démocratique du Congo Ambassade du Japon au Burundi American Institutes for Research (AIR) Amnesty International AMPION.org Angola Cables Antoine Glaser API Events APO Group Appolonia - City of Light Argus Media Arise Armacell ArtMatters.Info ASKY Airlines Aurecon Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Australian Embassy (Union of Comoros & Madagascar) Australian Embassy in Zimbabwe Australian High Commission - Nigeria Australian High Commission in Ghana Australian High Commission in Kenya Australian High Commission in Pretoria, South Africa AviaDev Africa Avon Peaking Power Pty Ltd Bamba Group Bamboo Finance Barclays Africa Group Basic Lead LLC Bayport Management Ltd BearingPoint Bench Events Best Western Hotels & Resorts Better Than Cash BIA Overseas s.a. Bidco Africa Biogaran Black First Land First Black Opinion Bodo Mediation Initiative (BMI) BON Cloud Bourse Régionale des Valeurs Mobilières (BRVM) Brand South Africa British Embassy Addis Ababa British Embassy Antananarivo British Embassy Banjul British Embassy Cairo British Embassy Conakry British Embassy Dakar British Embassy Harare British Embassy in Tunis British Embassy Juba British Embassy Khartoum British Embassy Kinshasa British Embassy Luanda British Embassy Mogadishu British Embassy Rabat British High Commission - Lilongwe British High Commission - Lusaka British High Commission - Maputo British High Commission - Yaounde British High Commission Abuja British High Commission Accra British High Commission Dar es Salaam British High Commission Freetown British High Commission Gaborone British High Commission in Seychelles British High Commission Kampala British High Commission Nairobi British High Commission Port Louis British High Commission Pretoria British High Commission Windhoek Bugala Farmers Association Business Connexion (Pty) Ltd. (BCX) Business Journal Cambridge Broadband Networks (CBNL) Cambridge International Examinations Canada - The Prime Minister's Office Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group CaseWare Africa CashlessAfrica Castle Lite Caterpillar Inc. CDNetworks Cece Yara Foundation Centers for Disease Control & Prevention (CDC) Central Bank of Kenya Centre d'Information des Nations Unies (CINU) Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso Centre d’Information des Nations Unies de Ouagadougou Centurion Law Group Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Cherie Blair Foundation for Women Chineme Okafor CISCO Citizens Commission on Human Rights International (CCHR) Claviger Middle East Climate Investment Funds Clitoraid CNBC Africa Code Blue campaign Commission de l'océan Indien (COI) Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) Commonwealth Secretariat Commonwealth Telecommunications Organisation (CTO) Commune de Meckhé (Sénégal) Consultative Meeting on African Union Reforms, Kigali Control Risks Group Holdings Ltd Council of the European Union CWC Group Limited CyberXchange Dangote Group DEAL 2016 (Dubai Entertainment Amusement and Leisure) Delegação da União Europeia em Angola Delegação da União Europeia na Guiné-Bissau Délégation de l'Union européenne au Burkina Faso Délégation de l'Union européenne au Togo Délégation de l'Union européenne en Tunisie Delegation of the European Union to Ghana Delegation of the European Union to Guinea Delegation of the European Union to Liberia Delegation of the European Union to Mozambique Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Delegation of the European Union to the Republic of Mauritius, Union of Comoros and Republic of Seychelles Deloitte Department for International Development (DFID) Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Ireland Department of Foreign Affairs Canada Derou & Partners Deutsche Post DHL DFID Malawi Digital Kenya Discovery Communications, LLC DMWA Resources Dr Walter Mzembi Dubai Chamber of Commerce & Industry ECAir (Equatorial Congo Airlines) Ecobank Econet Group Edelman Efacec Egyptian Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (MCIT) Ehiedu Iweriebor Eko Atlantic Embassy of Algerie to the United States of America Embassy of Cuba in South Africa Embassy of Denmark in Ghana Embassy of Denmark in Tanzania Embassy of Finland in Nairobi Embassy of France in Nigeria Embassy of France to Ghana Embassy of Japan in Kenya Embassy of Japan in Somalia Embassy of Japan in South Sudan Embassy of Japan to the Republic of Seychelles Embassy of Romania in the Republic of South Africa Embassy of Switzerland in Tanzania Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Tanzania Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany Kampala Embassy of the Republic of Mali to the United States of America Embassy of the Republic of Poland in Pretoria Embassy of the Republic of Sierra Leone in the Republic of Korea Embassy of the Republic of the Sudan - Washington DC Embassy of the Russian Federation in Nigeria Embassy of the United States - Accra - Ghana Embassy of the United States in Algiers, Algeria Embassy of the United States of America in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire EMRC Endeavour Mining Corporation Energy and Environment Partnership Programme with Southern and East Africa (EEP S&EA) EnergyNet Ltd. ENGIE EQS Group Equatorial Guinea-Saudi Arabia Economic Forum Etisalat Etix Group EU Delegation to Kenya EU Delegation to Rwanda EU Delegation to Somalia EUNAVFOR Atalanta EuroFresh Exotics European Commission European Court of Auditors (ECA) European External Action Service (EEAS) European Investment Bank (EIB) European Law Students’ Association (ELSA) European Parliament European Union European Union Delegation to the African Union Export Development Canada EXX AFRICA EY Facebook Fairtrade Messe und Ausstellungs GmbH & Co. KG Federal Department of Economic Affairs, Education and Research, Switzerland Federal Department of Foreign Affairs Switzerland Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade & Investment, Nigeria Federal Ministry Republic of Austria Federal Republic of Somalia - Office of the President Federal-Mogul Corporation Fédération internationale de football association (FIFA) FedEx Corp. Fidelity Bank Plc Financial Nigeria International Limited flydubai Fondation BGFIBank Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) For Africa Forever Forbes Woman Africa Fortinet Forum de Bamako Freedom House French Embassy in Kenya French Embassy in Kenya and Somalia Frost & Sullivan Fundo Soberano de Angola Garmin Southern Africa GBS Africa GE Gemalto GeoPoll German Embassy in Dar es Salaam German Embassy in Gaborone German Embassy Khartoum German Embassy Nairobi Germany - Federal Foreign Office Germany-Africa Business Forum Gigawatt Global Global Event Partners Ltd Global Pacific & Partners Global Schistosomiasis Alliance (GSA) Global Witness Globeleq Government of Botswana Government of Canada Government of the Republic of South Sudan, Government of the Republic of Equatorial Guinea Greenpeace GROHE Helix Institute of Digital Finance Hilton Hip Africa Hitachi Data Systems Hogan Lovells Hotelnownow Hotwire Human Factors International (HFI) Human Rights Watch (HRW) Human RightWorking Group (HRWG) on Somalia Humpherys Elkington Ltd HWB IC Publications ICS Financial Systems (ICSFS) IEC (International Electrotechnical Commission) IGN France International Imani Indorama Corporation Infomineo Informa Telecoms & Media Ingenico Group Initiative for Global Development (IGD) Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) Interactive Intelligence, Inc. International Air Transport Association (IATA) International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) International Bureau of Fiscal Documentation (IBFD) International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD) International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) International Conference on the Great Lakes Region International Criminal Court (ICC) International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid-Tropics (ICRISAT) International Data Corporation (IDC) International Diamond Conference 2015 International Enterprise (IE) Singapore International Expo-Consults (IEC) International Federation of Human Rights (FIDH) International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) International Forum on Islamic Finance (IFIF) International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) International Indigenous Working Group on HIV & AIDS (IIWGHA) International Institute of Tropical Agriculture (IITA) International Islamic Trade Finance Corporation (ITFC) International Monetary Fund (IMF) International Office of Migration (IOM) International Raelian Movement (IRM) International Road Transport Organisation (IRU) Internet Society (ISOC) INTERPOL INTL FCStone Inc. Intracom Telecom Invest in Data Center Africa Summit Islamic Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector (ICD) Islamic Development Bank Group (IDB Group) JLL JMG Limited Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc. Jumia Jwebi Kalangala Oil Palm Growers Association (KOPGA) Kamaleon Kariuki Communication Kaspersky Ken Research Kingdom of Belgium - Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation Kirusa Knight Frank LLP Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences (KFAS) Kuwait International Health Safety and Environment Conference and Exhibition (KIHSE) KWESÉ L'Oréal Group Lebanon International Oil & Gas Summit (LIOG) Light Reading LittleBigSouls International Charitable Foundation Louis Berger Mahindra Comviva MainOne Mainstream Renewable Power MAN Diesel & Turbo Mara Foundation Mara Group Marché Financier de l'Afrique Centrale (COSUMAF) Marriott International, Inc. McKinsey & Company Médecins sans frontières (MSF) Media Institute of Southern Africa (MISA) Media Revolution Medic West Africa Mercer LLC Merck Michelin MicroSave Microsoft Mining Indaba Ministère de la Santé de la République gabonaise Ministère de la Santé et de l'Action Sociale du Sénégal Ministère des Affaires Etrangères de la République Française Ministère des Affaires étrangères et de la Coopération de Mauritanie Ministère des Postes, des Télécommunications et des Nouvelles Technologies de Madagascar (MPTNT) Ministère du Tourisme, des Transports et de la Météorologie de Madagascar Ministère tunisien des Affaires Etrangères Ministry Human Settlements - Republic of South Africa Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom Ministry of Energy, Republic of Sierra Leone Ministry of External Affairs - Government of India Ministry of Finance - Government of Ghana Ministry of Finance, Republic of Angola Ministry of Foreign Affairs - Singapore Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Investment Promotion - Federal Republic of Somalia Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Brazil Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Cuba Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Hellenic Republic Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Seychelles Ministry of Health - Republic of Uganda Ministry of Mines, Industry and Energy Equatorial Guinea Ministry of Posts, Telecom and Technology of Somalia Mission de l'Organisation des Nations unies en République démocratique du Congo (MONUSCO) MOAB Power Mobile Accord Mobilitas Africa Monarch&Co International MoneyGram International, Inc. Monitoring for Environment and Security in Africa (MESA) Moto 4 Smile Mozilla MSD Mundipharma Pte Ltd Namibia Embassy in Vienna National Aviation Services (NAS) National Institutes of Health (NIH) Netherlands Embassy in Accra - Ghana New African Magazine New Partnership for Africa’s Development (NEPAD) New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade Next Einstein Forum (NEF) Nigerian Export-Import Bank (NEXIM) Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) Nigerian Young Professionals Forum (NYPF) NollywoodWeek Paris Film Festival Norilsk Nickel Norwegian Refugee Council Novartis International AG Oakbay Investments Ltd Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) Office of the Humanitarian Coordination in Central African Republic - United Nations Office of the Special Envoy of the United Nations Secretary-General for the Great Lakes region (OSESG-GL) Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Sexual Violence in Conflict Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) Office of the UN Resident Coordinator - Uganda Ogilvy & Mather Namibia On Time International One Acre Fund ONE.org Opera Software ASA Opération des Nations Unies en Côte d’Ivoire (ONUCI) Oracle Orange Oranto Petroleum Ltd Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Ozaremit Pan African Federation of Filmmakers (FEPACI) Pan African University, the Institute for Water and Energy Sciences (PAUWES) Pan-African reinsurance Journalism Awards Panalpina World Transport Ltd. Paramount Group Parliamentary Assembly of the Mediterranean Partnership Africa Canada (PAC) Partnerships for Forests Peace Hack Alexandria Permanent Mission of the Republic of Zambia to the United Nations Philip Morris International (PMI) Planet Earth Institute PM Pumpmakers GmbH Praekelt Foundation Présidence de la République de Madagascar Présidence de la République française Présidence de la République Gabonaise President of Russia PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) Prime Minister's Office, 10 Downing Street Printronix Inc. Privinvest Prognari Public Relations Society of Kenya (PRSK) Quantum Global Group Questra World RB (Reckitt Benckiser) Reach for Change Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information Republic of South Africa: Department of Health Republic of South Africa: Department of International Relations and Cooperation Republic of South Africa: The Parliament Republic of South Africa: The Presidency Ringier AG Roche Pharmaceuticals Limited Root Capital Rotary Royal Norwegian Embassy in Addis Ababa Royal Norwegian Embassy in Cairo Royal Norwegian Embassy in Dar es Salaam Royal Norwegian Embassy in Kampala Royal Norwegian Embassy in Khartoum Royal Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs Royal Philips Rwanda Development Board (RDB) Sabre Safaricom Sage Sage HR & Payroll Said Business School - University of Oxford Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Sanofi Pasteur Save the Children Scatec Solar Sciences Po Executive Education Sea Shepherd Global Secrétaire d’Etat chargé du Développement et de la Francophonie She Leads Africa Shield SA ShowMax Siemens AG Sierra Leone Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Silvertree Holdings SimbaPay Simon Kolawolelive SITA Smile Telecoms Holdings Ltd Societe Generale Sophia Genetics Souq.com South African Embassy to the Federal Republic of Germany SSP Standard Bank Standard Chartered Stanford Graduate School of Business Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. State House Uganda StateCraft SunTrust Bank Nigeria Ltd SureBüddy Ltd Sustainable Energy for All SWIFT Syngenta Tagattitude Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Tana High-Level Forum on Security in Africa Tanzania International Forum For Investments Tanzania Investment Forum 2016 Techne Summit Tegeta Tenke Fungurume Mining (TFM) Terrace Africa Terrapinn The African Risk Capacity Insurance Company Limited (ARC Ltd) The African Wildlife Foundation (AWF) The Bidco Truth Coalition The Bosch Group The Center for Middle Eastern Studies, Harvard University The Consulate General of the Federal Republic of Germany in Lagos The Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) The Department of Energy, South Africa The Department of Trade and Industry, South Africa The Development Bank of Southern Africa (DBSA) The Economist Events The Economist Newspaper Limited The Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Windhoek The Embassy of the Republic of Angola in Washington, D.C. The Emirates Group The Federal Council, Switzerland The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China The Guardian The Gupta family The Holmes Group The MasterCard Foundation The Mauritius Commercial Bank Ltd (MCB) The Medical City The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation The Naked Convos The Nigerian Stock Exchange Corporate News The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) The Republic of South Sudan Ministry of Petroleum The Rezidor Hotel Group The Style Group The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) The White House The World Bank Group ThinkSearch Africa Thomson Reuters Tigo TMT Finance Tobacco Association of Malawi (TAMA) Transparency Forum Initiative (TFI) Transparency International TXF Africa 2017 U.S Embassy Nairobi, Kenya U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) U.S. Chamber of Commerce U.S. Department of State U.S. Department of the Treasury U.S. Embassy - Cairo U.S. Embassy Addis Ababa, Ethiopia U.S. Embassy Cotonou - Benin U.S. Embassy in Juba U.S. Embassy in Namibia U.S. Embassy Kinshasa U.S. Embassy Pretoria, South Africa U.S. Trade and Development Agency (USTDA) Uber Uganda International Oil and Gas Summit (UIOGS) UK Export Finance UK Science & Innovation Network in South Africa UK Trade & Investment UK Trade & Investment Tanzania UN Information Centre in Cairo UN Information Centre in Pretoria (UNIC) UN Women União Europeia Delegação na República de Cabo Verde UNICEF Dakar UNICEF Ghana UNICEF Sierra Leone UNICEF Uganda United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) United Engine Corporation (UEC) United Kingdom Foreign and Commonwealth Office United Kingdom Telecommunications Academy (UKTA) United Nations - Office of the Resident Coordinator Cameroon United Nations - Office of the Spokesperson for the Secretary-General United Nations - Security Council United Nations (UN) United Nations Assistance Mission in Somalia (UNSOM) United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA) United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) United Nations Information Center in Nairobi United Nations Information Centre (UNIC) in Lagos United Nations Information Service Vienna (UNIS) United Nations Mine Action Service (UNMAS) United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali (MINUSMA) United Nations Office at Geneva (UNOG) United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNISDR) United Nations Office for West Africa and the Sahel (UNOWAS) United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime United Nations Office on Sport for Development and Peace (UNOSDP) United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) United Nations Regional Information Centre for Western Europe UNRIC United Nations Resident Coordinator’s Office in Tanzania United Nations Support Mission in Libya (UNSMIL) United States Diplomatic Mission to Nigeria United States Embassy in Angola United States Mission to Somalia United States Navy Uniting to Combat Neglected Tropical Diseases Université Internationale de Casablanca UPS Vallourec Vantage Capital Group Vardospan Vatican information Service (VIS) Venture Capital for Africa (VC4A) Verde Hotels Viber Viettel ViiV Healthcare Vilcek Foundation Visa Inc. Vox Africa Webfluential West African International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference (WAIPEC) West African Property Summit (WAPI) Western Union Holdings, Inc. WHO Regional Office for Africa WorkinAfrica.com World Communication Forum Association World Council of Churches (WCC) World Food Programme (WFP) World Future Council World Health Organization (WHO) World Health Organization (WHO) - Ethiopia World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) World Panel Inc. World Telecom Labs (WTL) World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) World Trade Organization (WTO) World Wildlife Fund (WWF) WorldRemit Wound Care Africa WrB Africa Youtap Ltd. Zambia High Commission in the United Kingdom ZamReal ZCCM Investments Holdings Plc Press release Multimedia content Submit Filter by: All Video Images Documents The contents of this website are copyright-free and can be republished freely without authorisation. Sign up for free to manage your favourite content on your own user page. Announcements GE East Africa Digital Roadshow  - Source: GE BPE Oblivious of Agip/Oando Planned Concession of Port Harcourt Refinery  - Source: Chineme Okafor What happened to transparency?  - Source: Simon Kolawolelive ICD cooperates with Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences High Technologies Park to help SMEs  - Source: Islamic Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector (ICD) World Health Assembly Elects Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as New Who Director-General  - Source: World Health Organization (WHO) Go Back Multimedia content Images (1) Dr. IbeKachikwu, the minister of state for petroleum resources All (1) Source: Simon Kolawolelive | May 24, 2017 What happened to transparency? By Simon Kolawolelive Print Share Favourite Copy text Get source logo We cannot be sealing deals under the table without revealing the details to Nigerians and then claim we are building an open society LAGOS, Nigeria, May 24, 2017/APO/ -- At the annual Nigerian jamboree to the Offshore Technology Conference (OTC) in Houston, Texas, Dr. IbeKachikwu, the minister of state for petroleum resources, told a “world press conference” on May 5, 2017 that Nigeria’s refineries would soon have new investors. He said 26 investors had indicated interest in the epileptic refineries. “By September, we will unveil the investors for the refineries,” the minister said smoothly, typically. “When we came onboard, the refineries were not working but as we speak, we have sizeable investment portfolio for them to an extent that we don’t know who to partner with for the investment.” Let’s say I didn’t go to school at all. Or let’s say it was evening school that I attended. These would still be my takeaways from the minister’s proclamations: one, our refineries are now in a position to attract investment; two, 26 investors have indicated interest in taking over the refineries (on a repair, operate and maintain, ROM, agreement); three, we have not taken a decision yet because there are so many suitors to choose from; and four, we will announce the favoured investors by September. Without attending Harvard Business School, I would still conclude that it appeared the process was going to be competitive and transparent. On May 11, 2017 (six days later, right?) Mr. Wale Tinubu, the CEO of Oando Plc, told the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) that the group had received approval of the government to “repair, operate and maintain” the Port Harcourt Refinery together with “our partner” Agip, a subsidiary of ENI, the Italian company indicted in the Malabu/OPL 245 affair. Tinubu said: “We plan to increase the refinery capacity from 30 per cent to 100 per cent.” Great news, as far I am concerned. We need the refineries back as soon as possible; we have had enough of the endless TAMs gulping billions of naira and spewing out virtually no products for decades. Now this is where I need your help. The last time I checked, with the help of Google, May and September are different months. There are June, July and August in-between. With the help of Google, I also discovered that the gap between when Kachikwu spoke in Houston and when Tinubu spoke in Lagos was a whopping six days — or, to make it simpler, less than one week. There are usually four weeks in a month, and from May 5, when Kachikwu spoke, to September, there are 17 weeks, according to the all-knowing Google. With Tinubu’s disclosure, should we assume that May is the new September? Or that September came early for Oando, Agip and Kachikwu? But I think Google is overrated. There were so many questions it could not answer. For instance, I asked: “Is Oando among the 26 investors Kachikwu boasted about in Houston?” I could not make head or tail of the results. Google came up with “FOX 26 Houston KRIV”. Nonsense. But I got more gibberish for other questions: did Oando and ENI send in a bid? Was it an unsolicited bid? Was it selective tendering? If it was competitive bidding, how many bids were received for Port Harcourt? How much did Oando/ENI bid? How much did others bid? How much did the bidders promise to invest? How many years will the ROM run? Are there concessions for the new operators? I can understand why Google got stuck — that almighty search machine likes transparency. If you do not make your information public, it cannot make it public for you. The best, or should I say the worst, Google would do is to suggest answers that it thinks are related to your questions, even when there is no connection whatsoever. If you google most of the major concessions and major contracts awarded by this government, you will get irrelevant answers on the process. For the same reason: transparency is very scarce in these major deals. We just wake up one day and hear that one company has been awarded a job. Not a word on the process. Don’t get me wrong: I’m not saying Oando should not take over the Port Harcourt Refinery. I have devoted a significant part of my column-writing career to promoting the cause of Nigerian companies. I believe that one day, made-in-Nigeria will be enjoyed all over the world. I want Nigerian companies to fly our flag honourably. Even though I have been called names and subjected to sickening innuendos for promoting Dangote, Globacom, Oando and Innosons, among others, I am not about to repent. Americans are proud of their Apple, Microsoft and Chevron, and my dream is that our people and our companies will become global brands too. That said, though, I am very worried about an emerging pattern in this administration. President Muhammadu Buhari campaigned on the strength of correcting the mistakes and misdeeds of the previous government, but I am seeing too much repetition for it to be coincidental. There is too much secrecy in the way many important things are done, and corruption, need we say, thrives on secrecy. Take away competition, take away transparency, take away accountability, and you have a perfect recipe for corruption. We cannot be sealing deals under the table without revealing the details to Nigerians and then claim we are building an open society. We just woke up one day to learn that GE had secured the concession to take over the railways. How did it happen? What are the details of the deal? Is this the best possible deal Nigeria can get? We were just watching TV one evening and learnt that the federal government had finally signed a renegotiated concession agreement with the Global Steel Holding Limited (GSHL) for Ajaokuta Steel. Up till today, we don’t know the details. Ask questions and what you get as answer is: who paid you to ask? As a journalist, I’m used to the blackmail. I would have quit this job the day I joined if I had to pay attention to personal attacks. By the way, I know a bit about the procurement options. I know of “sole sourcing”, where you go to one provider only because no other provider does it — like buying a Rolls Royce from the maker. “Selective tendering” allows you to approach a few providers who meet certain criteria. There is “repeat procurement”, where you return to earlier provider because of time constraints and because they did a previous job well. All these need strong justifications because you are restricting competition, which is a major element of procurement. And then there is “competitive bidding”, where you throw it open to all. In all, Nigerians deserve to know the process adopted. Get me right. I am not saying anything illegal is being done in the case of the Port Harcourt Refinery. It just lacks transparency. That’s my point. And what about other moral issues? ENI again? As I write this, many Nigerians are being prosecuted or wanted by the EFCC for their involvement in the OPL 245 deal. They are being accused of taking part in an elaborate bribery scheme. But ENI, which is at the centre of it all and is being prosecuted by an Italian prosecutor for its role in the $1.3 billion affair, is cornering more deals in Nigeria without getting as much as a slap on the wrist. The impression being created is that our anti-graft war is very narrow. I sympathise with the government over the limitations imposed by procurement rules, particularly the constraint of speed, but the process was designed for a purpose. More so, this government has been in power for nearly two years, which means a lot could still have been accomplished over the years in spite of the constraints. And, remember, there are many options that can shorten the process which the government has been using for a while now. The biggest headache, though, is that there is too much opaqueness for us to conclude that transparency is a guiding principle. The chaos over the concessioning of Port Harcourt Refinery is a very good example. Dissonance. Distributed by APO on behalf of Simon Kolawolelive. Dr. IbeKachikwu, the minister of state for petroleum resources Download Share Africa Business Energy Investment Nigeria Oil and Gas What happened to transparency? By Simon Kolawolelive LAGOS, Nigeria, May 24, 2017/APO/ -- At the annual Nigerian jamboree to the Offshore Technology Conference (OTC) in Houston, Texas, Dr. IbeKachikwu, the minister of state for petroleum resources, told a “world press conference” on May 5, 2017 that Nigeria’s refineries would soon have new investors. He said 26 investors had indicated interest in the epileptic refineries. “By September, we will unveil the investors for the refineries,” the minister said smoothly, typically. “When we came onboard, the refineries were not working but as we speak, we have sizeable investment portfolio for them to an extent that we don’t know who to partner with for the investment.” Let’s say I didn’t go to school at all. Or let’s say it was evening school that I attended. These would still be my takeaways from the minister’s proclamations: one, our refineries are now in a position to attract investment; two, 26 investors have indicated interest in taking over the refineries (on a repair, operate and maintain, ROM, agreement); three, we have not taken a decision yet because there are so many suitors to choose from; and four, we will announce the favoured investors by September. Without attending Harvard Business School, I would still conclude that it appeared the process was going to be competitive and transparent. On May 11, 2017 (six days later, right?) Mr. Wale Tinubu, the CEO of Oando Plc, told the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) that the group had received approval of the government to “repair, operate and maintain” the Port Harcourt Refinery together with “our partner” Agip, a subsidiary of ENI, the Italian company indicted in the Malabu/OPL 245 affair. Tinubu said: “We plan to increase the refinery capacity from 30 per cent to 100 per cent.” Great news, as far I am concerned. We need the refineries back as soon as possible; we have had enough of the endless TAMs gulping billions of naira and spewing out virtually no products for decades. Now this is where I need your help. The last time I checked, with the help of Google, May and September are different months. There are June, July and August in-between. With the help of Google, I also discovered that the gap between when Kachikwu spoke in Houston and when Tinubu spoke in Lagos was a whopping six days — or, to make it simpler, less than one week. There are usually four weeks in a month, and from May 5, when Kachikwu spoke, to September, there are 17 weeks, according to the all-knowing Google. With Tinubu’s disclosure, should we assume that May is the new September? Or that September came early for Oando, Agip and Kachikwu? But I think Google is overrated. There were so many questions it could not answer. For instance, I asked: “Is Oando among the 26 investors Kachikwu boasted about in Houston?” I could not make head or tail of the results. Google came up with “FOX 26 Houston KRIV”. Nonsense. But I got more gibberish for other questions: did Oando and ENI send in a bid? Was it an unsolicited bid? Was it selective tendering? If it was competitive bidding, how many bids were received for Port Harcourt? How much did Oando/ENI bid? How much did others bid? How much did the bidders promise to invest? How many years will the ROM run? Are there concessions for the new operators? I can understand why Google got stuck — that almighty search machine likes transparency. If you do not make your information public, it cannot make it public for you. The best, or should I say the worst, Google would do is to suggest answers that it thinks are related to your questions, even when there is no connection whatsoever. If you google most of the major concessions and major contracts awarded by this government, you will get irrelevant answers on the process. For the same reason: transparency is very scarce in these major deals. We just wake up one day and hear that one company has been awarded a job. Not a word on the process. Don’t get me wrong: I’m not saying Oando should not take over the Port Harcourt Refinery. I have devoted a significant part of my column-writing career to promoting the cause of Nigerian companies. I believe that one day, made-in-Nigeria will be enjoyed all over the world. I want Nigerian companies to fly our flag honourably. Even though I have been called names and subjected to sickening innuendos for promoting Dangote, Globacom, Oando and Innosons, among others, I am not about to repent. Americans are proud of their Apple, Microsoft and Chevron, and my dream is that our people and our companies will become global brands too. That said, though, I am very worried about an emerging pattern in this administration. President Muhammadu Buhari campaigned on the strength of correcting the mistakes and misdeeds of the previous government, but I am seeing too much repetition for it to be coincidental. There is too much secrecy in the way many important things are done, and corruption, need we say, thrives on secrecy. Take away competition, take away transparency, take away accountability, and you have a perfect recipe for corruption. We cannot be sealing deals under the table without revealing the details to Nigerians and then claim we are building an open society. We just woke up one day to learn that GE had secured the concession to take over the railways. How did it happen? What are the details of the deal? Is this the best possible deal Nigeria can get? We were just watching TV one evening and learnt that the federal government had finally signed a renegotiated concession agreement with the Global Steel Holding Limited (GSHL) for Ajaokuta Steel. Up till today, we don’t know the details. Ask questions and what you get as answer is: who paid you to ask? As a journalist, I’m used to the blackmail. I would have quit this job the day I joined if I had to pay attention to personal attacks. By the way, I know a bit about the procurement options. I know of “sole sourcing”, where you go to one provider only because no other provider does it — like buying a Rolls Royce from the maker. “Selective tendering” allows you to approach a few providers who meet certain criteria. There is “repeat procurement”, where you return to earlier provider because of time constraints and because they did a previous job well. All these need strong justifications because you are restricting competition, which is a major element of procurement. And then there is “competitive bidding”, where you throw it open to all. In all, Nigerians deserve to know the process adopted. Get me right. I am not saying anything illegal is being done in the case of the Port Harcourt Refinery. It just lacks transparency. That’s my point. And what about other moral issues? ENI again? As I write this, many Nigerians are being prosecuted or wanted by the EFCC for their involvement in the OPL 245 deal. They are being accused of taking part in an elaborate bribery scheme. But ENI, which is at the centre of it all and is being prosecuted by an Italian prosecutor for its role in the $1.3 billion affair, is cornering more deals in Nigeria without getting as much as a slap on the wrist. The impression being created is that our anti-graft war is very narrow. I sympathise with the government over the limitations imposed by procurement rules, particularly the constraint of speed, but the process was designed for a purpose. More so, this government has been in power for nearly two years, which means a lot could still have been accomplished over the years in spite of the constraints. And, remember, there are many options that can shorten the process which the government has been using for a while now. The biggest headache, though, is that there is too much opaqueness for us to conclude that transparency is a guiding principle. The chaos over the concessioning of Port Harcourt Refinery is a very good example. Dissonance. Distributed by APO on behalf of Simon Kolawolelive. Text copied to clipboard. ×Close Get freeAfrica-related contentOn your website, on your mobile, to your e-mail inbox... Twitter APO English Follow APO French Follow APO Arabic Follow APO Portuguese Follow RSS feeds Click to subscribe Recommended Source: GE | May 25, 2017 GE East Africa Digital Roadshow GE is bringing new digital infrastructure solutions to the Kenyan market by connecting software, apps and analytics to industrial businesses, enabling them to operate faster, smarter and more efficiently Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Chineme Okafor | May 24, 2017 BPE Oblivious of Agip/Oando Planned Concession of Port Harcourt Refinery By Chineme Okafor Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Simon Kolawolelive | May 24, 2017 What happened to transparency? By Simon Kolawolelive Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Islamic Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector (ICD) | May 24, 2017 ICD cooperates with Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences High Technologies Park to help SMEs Through this collaboration, both institutions will be exploring potential investment opportunities that may contribute to developing the private sector of the ICD member countries as well as to achieving the strategic goals of ANAS HTP Read more Share Favourite Print Source: World Health Organization (WHO) | May 23, 2017 World Health Assembly Elects Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as New WHO Director-General Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus was nominated by the Government of Ethiopia, and will begin his five-year term on 1 July 2017. Read more Share Favourite Print Subscribe to newsfeed Recommended categories Africa Foreign Policy Business Middle East Events/Media Advisory Nigeria South Africa African Development Banking/Finance Kenya Most viewed Source: GE | May 25, 2017 GE East Africa Digital Roadshow GE is bringing new digital infrastructure solutions to the Kenyan market by connecting software, apps and analytics to industrial businesses, enabling them to operate faster, smarter and more efficiently Read more Share Favourite Print Source: U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) | May 25, 2017 United States Announces Additional Humanitarian Assistance in Response to Famine, Violence, and Forced Displacement Tens of millions of people are in need of humanitarian assistance as a result of the man-made crises in South Sudan, Nigeria, and Yemen - all of which are driven by violent conflict - and Somalia, where ongoing conflict is compounding the effects of severe and prolonged drought Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Republic of South Africa: The Presidency | May 25, 2017 President Zuma to host the 2017 Africa Day Celebration Africa Day is celebrated annually on 25 May within the African continent to mark the formation of the Organisation of African Unity on 25 May 1963 and the African Union in 2002 as well as chart the progress made by the continent since then to advance democracy, peace, stability and socio-economic development Read more Share Favourite Print Source: UNICEF Sierra Leone | May 25, 2017 Preparations underway for mass mosquito net distribution to combat malaria in Sierra Leone Sierra Leone is one of seven countries in sub-Saharan Africa where more than a quarter of the population is infected with malaria at any one time, according to World Malaria Report (World Health Organization 2016), with nearly three in ten Sierra Leoneans suffering from the disease Read more Share Favourite Print Source: United Nations (UN) | May 24, 2017 UN Secretary-General's Message on Africa Day All of humanity will benefit by listening, learning and working with the people of Africa Read more Share Favourite Print Most shared Source: U.S. Department of State | May 24, 2017 Secretary's Remarks: On the Occasion of the State of Eritrea's National Day Read more Share Favourite Print Source: World Health Organization (WHO) | May 23, 2017 World Health Assembly Elects Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as New WHO Director-General Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus was nominated by the Government of Ethiopia, and will begin his five-year term on 1 July 2017. Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Human Rights Watch (HRW) | May 23, 2017 Sudan: Obstruction of Aid Endangers Women’s Lives All Parties Should Open Way to Lifesaving Health Services Read more Share Favourite Print Source: African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) | May 23, 2017 UNAMID calls for restraint amid renewed Darfur clashes UNAMID wishes to remind all the parties of their unilateral commitment to a ceasefire which was decided in goodwill with a view to advancing the peace process Read more Share Favourite Print Source: World Health Organization (WHO) | May 22, 2017 Measles vaccination campaign launched in Mogadishu Since the beginning of the year, Somalia has recorded 7694 suspected cases of measles, of which 1989 cases (26%) were reported from Banadir region Read more Share Favourite Print Privacy Policy Terms of service Sitemap Linkedin Facebook Google + It Pinterest Sync Video × Login OR Forgot your password?Don’t have an account? Sign up here Login
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 2017 First Quarter Broadcast Television Film News: Announcing Creative Management Partners Agent Alan Morell Client Options Works Sold BEVERLY HILLS, CA–(Marketwired – May 24, 2017) – Announced today, 2017 First Quarter Broadcast Film News: THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY: Creative Management Partners Announces Agent Alan Morell represented the negotiations and sale of Options Development of Author Book works for Film Festivals, Television and Film: „Escape from Plauen” to Film Festivals https://vimeo.com/203600586 PW: plauen „Venus Prime” to Claxson Interactive Group „The Secret” to „Circle the Globe Productions” part of „Expedition Unknown” Scripps Networks Interactive „Robots In Time” to Keller Entertainment Group, Inc. „Trading Up Fashion” to EUE/Sokolow „Eddie and the Emoticons” to Frogwater Media „Casino Rescue” to Gary Green Gaming „State of the Art Series” Honest Owl Works About Alan Morell: Mr. Alan Morell, Chairman and CEO, THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY: Creative Management Partners LLC, has 30 years of global experience in the successful development and management of talent, literary, TV and film packaging, commercial rights, corporate consulting, media positioning, sponsorship of live events and intellectual property (IP) rights. Mr. Morell is one of the few in the sports, entertainment and the arts industries, who has represented and managed clients, that have won the prestigious awards: Grammy; Tony; Oscar; Emmy, ESPY, Victors and NY Times Best Selling Authors. Mr. Morell began his career with International Management Group (IMG), where he served in a variety of executive offices including Corporate Vice President, (Executive of Talent, Commercial Rights, TV Packaging, Marquee Hospitality and Mergers & Acquisitions for Eastern and Western Hemispheres) serving corporate disciplines of global synergy within IMG diverse profit centers (International Management Inc.; International Merchandising Corp; Fashion Art Licensing; Trans World International). Mr. Morell currently serves as Chairman and CEO of THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY, Creative Management Partners LLC (www.creativemanagementpartners.com), a full service agency. In addition to associations with virtually every major television broadcast news and programming network in Corporate, Scripted and Unscripted (e.g. Disney ABC; Viacom CBS; Comcast NBC Universal, Time-Warner, HBO, Showtime, News America FOX, ESPN, Bravo, NatGEO, A&E, E, Pivot, Meredith Video Studios, OWN, LifeTime, MSNBC, CNBC, Discovery Communications, Time Inc., Coca Cola Entertainment, PepsiCo Entertainment, Google Inc); Mr. Morell has significant relationships in publishing and legitimate stage, foreign and domestic investment groups. In publishing, Mr. Morell’s client authors „works”, many of which are NY Times Best Selling Authors, have been bided out e.g. Publishers and his client Books to Film and Television; HarperCollins; iBooks, Hachette, St. Martin’s Press, Grand Central, Rodale, Hay House, Simon & Schuster, Random House, William Morrow, Palgrave Macmillan, Penguin, Brick Tower Press et. al. Throughout his career, Mr. Morell created and/or managed more than 2,500 campaigns for talent and events globally within the disciplines of Sports (including the management of the „Legends and Masters of Tennis”, which involved careers and campaigns of Rod Laver, Ken Rosewall, Bjorn Borg, John Newcombe, Illie Nastase, Bobby Riggs and Billie Jean King; „Masters of Hockey” with Phil Esposito and Bobby Orr; „Stars on Ice” with Scott Hamilton; „World Series of Golf” with Arnold Palmer; Entertainment (including management of the campaigns of Liberace, Henny Youngman, „Jilly Rizzo’s Rat Pack Tour” featuring Frank Sinatra, & Dean Martin, Pro-Celebrity campaigns with Charlton Heston, Gene Wilder, Gene Hackman and the Arts (including the management of campaigns for Bill Cosby, Bobby Short, opera „Aida”, „Madame Butterfly” and the London Symphony Orchestra; Gaming campaigns for Riviera, Bellagio, The Mirage, Flamingo, Las Vegas Hilton, Trump Atlantic City, Monte Carlo S. B. M. Hotels, Casinos. Mr. Morell served as the Executive Producer, hired by the Vatican DOB for the „Visit of Pope John Paul II to New York. Mr. Morell was engaged by Jay Coleman, for Commercial Representation of „The Rolling Stones 50th Anniversary Tour”. Served as Commercial Sponsorship Advisor to President Ronald Reagan and President Bill Clinton inaugurals. As Director and Chief Executive Officer of CatalystOne, Inc. (software company), was responsible for that company’s sale of software to the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) for the USVA sector. Recently in 2016, Mr. Morell represented Gov. Gary E. Johnson, Libertarian Candidate for President of the United States for Gov. Johnson book COMMON SENSE FOR THE COMMON GOOD by HarperCollins and the sales of his Audio Book to imprint Broadside. At THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY: Creative Management Partners, Mr. Morell’s client list ranges from select individuals in Literary; Broadcast; Sports, Entertainment, the Arts, to Global Corporations. Mr. Morell is the leading Agent with Doctors in Literary and Broadcast, Fortune 500 Companies e.g. Bob Arnot MD: „Aztec Diet” HarperCollins NY Times Best Seller; NBC; Campaigns: Google Health, General Mills, Pfizer; John Whyte MD: „Is this Normal” by Rodale Press”; Discovery Communications; Campaigns: Johnson & Johnson; Lily); Vijay Vad MD: „Stop Pain” Hay House; Alan Xenakis MD: „Heart Truth” CBS; Eric Fisher PhD: „Eddie and the Emoticons”; CNN; Jingdaun Yang MD: „Facing East” Designer Norma Kamali, HarperCollins,; Christine Dumas Phd: „Today Show”; Giovanni Campaniele, MD „Sicilian Diet”; Alexis Abramson PhD: (CNN); Julio Gallo MD: Dr. Gallo & Co. Frogwater Media; Dr. Aaron Spitz „The Penis Book”; Dr. Stephen T. Greenberg „Plan B”; Dr. Rocco Monto „The Fountain: How 60 is the new 30”, Rodale Books; „The Sainted” by Michael Medico J. Boylston & Company. In literary, (books to TV and Film Packaging, as well as Shopping Channels for commercial products). In the corporate sector, Mr. Morell consulting corporate relationships (include advising start up small cap CEOs and Board of Directors, incubation companies for exit to Fortune 500 companies via strategic partnerships, bid-out, mergers and buy out strategy) e.g. TREN, The 24 Hour Real Estate Network; NETCAST; Home and Kitchen Network LLC; Pfizer, Premier Model Management, D’Alessio Law Group, EB5 Studio, Premier Mission, ICBII; New Cells Sciences; ProGena Cell. Panther Biotech, Central Europe Genomics Center (CEGC); Private Access; PepsiCo, General Mills, NBC, and Google. Mr. Morell represents fiction and non-fiction Authors works to Publishers and for Film and Television Networks (which are featured exclusively on NETCAST, Creative Management Partners network) e.g. „Aztec Diet” by Dr. Bob Arnot, HarperCollins; New York Times Best Seller; Alan Trustman: The Thomas Crown Affair, Bullitt, and They Call Me Mr. Tibbs!, „Judas, „His Brother Keeps Her; Chasing The Ghost: The Life and Times of Charles The Ghost Kennedy by Bill Malinowski; „Escape From Plauen” by Renate Stoever iBooks to Solaris Entertainment for film; „Frankie Avalon Italian Family Cook Book” by Frankie Avalon, St. Martin’s Press; Clio Award winning Producer, Director Richard D’Alessio for projects with Micromax Canvas Turbo with Hugh Jackman; „Jerry Seinfeld for American Express”; „Jay Leno for Jay Leno’s Garage”; „God and Man on Wall Street” by CNBC Craig Columbus Brick Tower Press; „Man on the Eat” with Chef Michael Love, Frogwater Media, Zodiak for Food Network; Emmy Award Producer Mike Morris „Dinners Drive’In’s and Dives’ Food Network; Emmy nominated actor Thaao Penghlis, „Day of Our Lives” NBC; „Stop Pain” by Dr. Vijay Vad, Hay House Publisher; PBS Pledge Special; „Hazel’s Masquerade” by Sarah Trautvetter, Milk and Cookies Publisher; „Is This Normal” by Dr. John Whyte, Rodale Publisher, Discovery Channel; „Salvage Chef” by Chef Michael Love, Skyhorse Publishing; „The Art of Empowered Parenting”; Eric Fisher, PhD, CNN „Tower of Thieves” AIG by Andrew Spencer, J. Boylston & Company; „Bear Trap” Fall of Bear Sterns by Andrew Spencer, Brick Tower Press; „The Greek Diet” by Maria Loi and Sarah Tolland, William Morrow; „Finding the SuperModel in You by Claudia Mason, Skyhorse Publishing; „U-Boats in the Bahamas and Turks & Caicos” by Eric T. Wiberg, Brick Tower Press; „Eddie and the Emoticons” by Eric Fisher PhD, Milk and Cookies „Being Uncle Charlie”, Bobby Deasy Story: Random House; „Seducing Celebrities One Meal at a time” by Thaao Penghlis Brick Tower Press; „U. S. Immigration A-Z” by Lorraine D’Alessio Esq, IBooks; „Lose Your Heart, Not Your Mind: The Smart Women’s Guide to Marriage by Aliette H. Carolan, Esq.; „Ready, Set…Risk!” by Daniella Levitt, J. Boylston & Co.; „Drink Right” by Dr. Bob Arnot, HarperCollins William Morrow; „The Oxygen Plan” by Eric Lucas iBOOKS; „Exposing the Wall Street Boys’ Club” by James Goldberg, with Danny Espinosa, Esq.; „Chefs Run Wild”, Frogwater Media Inc, Tim Troke, IMG Distribution, NatGeo; „Escape From Plauen” optioned for film Solaris Entertainment; „she effin hates me” by Scarlett Savage, Skyhorse Publishing, Optioned for Legitimate theatre. „Osceola’s Revenge”: Phenomena of Indian Gaming by Gary Green. Gemini Award nominated and Primetime Emmy Award nominated voice performer Dwayne Hill: „Cat” in the PBS anchored „Peg + Cat”. „Venus Prime” rights held J. Boylston and Company Option to Purchase to Low Spark Films; „The Secret”: The Treasure Hunt Motion Picture TV Media Rights held by iBooks to Claxson Interactive Group. Mr. Morell has a rich history with Broadway, where he served as the Executive Producer of the Broadway shows „The Boys Next Door” and „I Never Sang For My Father”, as well as the commercial rights agent for „The Buddy Holly Story”, „Into the Woods”, „M. Butterfly” and „Meet Me In St. Louis”. Mr. Morell was the first executive to bring naming rights to the Great White Way, with the branding and sponsorship of Philip Morris International. Mr. Morell supports the humanitarian efforts of Darfur; Clinton Foundation, Haiti Relief; Sconset Trust; MSPCA; serves on the Board of Leadership for Mass General Hospital and is a graduate of the University of Florida. Mr. Morell’s book „Social Media: Rebranding Outside the Clutter” (working title) will be released in fall 2017 by iBooks. www.creativemanagementpartners.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Daseke Announces Stock Plan for Truck Drivers Next PostNext Food Blender and Mixer Market to register a healthy CAGR for the forecast period, 2015-2025 Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 2017 First Quarter Broadcast Television Film News: Announcing Creative Management Partners Agent Alan Morell Client Options Works Sold BEVERLY HILLS, CA–(Marketwired – May 24, 2017) – Announced today, 2017 First Quarter Broadcast Film News: THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY: Creative Management Partners Announces Agent Alan Morell represented the negotiations and sale of Options Development of Author Book works for Film Festivals, Television and Film: „Escape from Plauen” to Film Festivals https://vimeo.com/203600586 PW: plauen „Venus Prime” to Claxson Interactive Group „The Secret” to „Circle the Globe Productions” part of „Expedition Unknown” Scripps Networks Interactive „Robots In Time” to Keller Entertainment Group, Inc. „Trading Up Fashion” to EUE/Sokolow „Eddie and the Emoticons” to Frogwater Media „Casino Rescue” to Gary Green Gaming „State of the Art Series” Honest Owl Works About Alan Morell: Mr. Alan Morell, Chairman and CEO, THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY: Creative Management Partners LLC, has 30 years of global experience in the successful development and management of talent, literary, TV and film packaging, commercial rights, corporate consulting, media positioning, sponsorship of live events and intellectual property (IP) rights. Mr. Morell is one of the few in the sports, entertainment and the arts industries, who has represented and managed clients, that have won the prestigious awards: Grammy; Tony; Oscar; Emmy, ESPY, Victors and NY Times Best Selling Authors. Mr. Morell began his career with International Management Group (IMG), where he served in a variety of executive offices including Corporate Vice President, (Executive of Talent, Commercial Rights, TV Packaging, Marquee Hospitality and Mergers & Acquisitions for Eastern and Western Hemispheres) serving corporate disciplines of global synergy within IMG diverse profit centers (International Management Inc.; International Merchandising Corp; Fashion Art Licensing; Trans World International). Mr. Morell currently serves as Chairman and CEO of THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY, Creative Management Partners LLC (www.creativemanagementpartners.com), a full service agency. In addition to associations with virtually every major television broadcast news and programming network in Corporate, Scripted and Unscripted (e.g. Disney ABC; Viacom CBS; Comcast NBC Universal, Time-Warner, HBO, Showtime, News America FOX, ESPN, Bravo, NatGEO, A&E, E, Pivot, Meredith Video Studios, OWN, LifeTime, MSNBC, CNBC, Discovery Communications, Time Inc., Coca Cola Entertainment, PepsiCo Entertainment, Google Inc); Mr. Morell has significant relationships in publishing and legitimate stage, foreign and domestic investment groups. In publishing, Mr. Morell’s client authors „works”, many of which are NY Times Best Selling Authors, have been bided out e.g. Publishers and his client Books to Film and Television; HarperCollins; iBooks, Hachette, St. Martin’s Press, Grand Central, Rodale, Hay House, Simon & Schuster, Random House, William Morrow, Palgrave Macmillan, Penguin, Brick Tower Press et. al. Throughout his career, Mr. Morell created and/or managed more than 2,500 campaigns for talent and events globally within the disciplines of Sports (including the management of the „Legends and Masters of Tennis”, which involved careers and campaigns of Rod Laver, Ken Rosewall, Bjorn Borg, John Newcombe, Illie Nastase, Bobby Riggs and Billie Jean King; „Masters of Hockey” with Phil Esposito and Bobby Orr; „Stars on Ice” with Scott Hamilton; „World Series of Golf” with Arnold Palmer; Entertainment (including management of the campaigns of Liberace, Henny Youngman, „Jilly Rizzo’s Rat Pack Tour” featuring Frank Sinatra, & Dean Martin, Pro-Celebrity campaigns with Charlton Heston, Gene Wilder, Gene Hackman and the Arts (including the management of campaigns for Bill Cosby, Bobby Short, opera „Aida”, „Madame Butterfly” and the London Symphony Orchestra; Gaming campaigns for Riviera, Bellagio, The Mirage, Flamingo, Las Vegas Hilton, Trump Atlantic City, Monte Carlo S. B. M. Hotels, Casinos. Mr. Morell served as the Executive Producer, hired by the Vatican DOB for the „Visit of Pope John Paul II to New York. Mr. Morell was engaged by Jay Coleman, for Commercial Representation of „The Rolling Stones 50th Anniversary Tour”. Served as Commercial Sponsorship Advisor to President Ronald Reagan and President Bill Clinton inaugurals. As Director and Chief Executive Officer of CatalystOne, Inc. (software company), was responsible for that company’s sale of software to the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) for the USVA sector. Recently in 2016, Mr. Morell represented Gov. Gary E. Johnson, Libertarian Candidate for President of the United States for Gov. Johnson book COMMON SENSE FOR THE COMMON GOOD by HarperCollins and the sales of his Audio Book to imprint Broadside. At THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY: Creative Management Partners, Mr. Morell’s client list ranges from select individuals in Literary; Broadcast; Sports, Entertainment, the Arts, to Global Corporations. Mr. Morell is the leading Agent with Doctors in Literary and Broadcast, Fortune 500 Companies e.g. Bob Arnot MD: „Aztec Diet” HarperCollins NY Times Best Seller; NBC; Campaigns: Google Health, General Mills, Pfizer; John Whyte MD: „Is this Normal” by Rodale Press”; Discovery Communications; Campaigns: Johnson & Johnson; Lily); Vijay Vad MD: „Stop Pain” Hay House; Alan Xenakis MD: „Heart Truth” CBS; Eric Fisher PhD: „Eddie and the Emoticons”; CNN; Jingdaun Yang MD: „Facing East” Designer Norma Kamali, HarperCollins,; Christine Dumas Phd: „Today Show”; Giovanni Campaniele, MD „Sicilian Diet”; Alexis Abramson PhD: (CNN); Julio Gallo MD: Dr. Gallo & Co. Frogwater Media; Dr. Aaron Spitz „The Penis Book”; Dr. Stephen T. Greenberg „Plan B”; Dr. Rocco Monto „The Fountain: How 60 is the new 30”, Rodale Books; „The Sainted” by Michael Medico J. Boylston & Company. In literary, (books to TV and Film Packaging, as well as Shopping Channels for commercial products). In the corporate sector, Mr. Morell consulting corporate relationships (include advising start up small cap CEOs and Board of Directors, incubation companies for exit to Fortune 500 companies via strategic partnerships, bid-out, mergers and buy out strategy) e.g. TREN, The 24 Hour Real Estate Network; NETCAST; Home and Kitchen Network LLC; Pfizer, Premier Model Management, D’Alessio Law Group, EB5 Studio, Premier Mission, ICBII; New Cells Sciences; ProGena Cell. Panther Biotech, Central Europe Genomics Center (CEGC); Private Access; PepsiCo, General Mills, NBC, and Google. Mr. Morell represents fiction and non-fiction Authors works to Publishers and for Film and Television Networks (which are featured exclusively on NETCAST, Creative Management Partners network) e.g. „Aztec Diet” by Dr. Bob Arnot, HarperCollins; New York Times Best Seller; Alan Trustman: The Thomas Crown Affair, Bullitt, and They Call Me Mr. Tibbs!, „Judas, „His Brother Keeps Her; Chasing The Ghost: The Life and Times of Charles The Ghost Kennedy by Bill Malinowski; „Escape From Plauen” by Renate Stoever iBooks to Solaris Entertainment for film; „Frankie Avalon Italian Family Cook Book” by Frankie Avalon, St. Martin’s Press; Clio Award winning Producer, Director Richard D’Alessio for projects with Micromax Canvas Turbo with Hugh Jackman; „Jerry Seinfeld for American Express”; „Jay Leno for Jay Leno’s Garage”; „God and Man on Wall Street” by CNBC Craig Columbus Brick Tower Press; „Man on the Eat” with Chef Michael Love, Frogwater Media, Zodiak for Food Network; Emmy Award Producer Mike Morris „Dinners Drive’In’s and Dives’ Food Network; Emmy nominated actor Thaao Penghlis, „Day of Our Lives” NBC; „Stop Pain” by Dr. Vijay Vad, Hay House Publisher; PBS Pledge Special; „Hazel’s Masquerade” by Sarah Trautvetter, Milk and Cookies Publisher; „Is This Normal” by Dr. John Whyte, Rodale Publisher, Discovery Channel; „Salvage Chef” by Chef Michael Love, Skyhorse Publishing; „The Art of Empowered Parenting”; Eric Fisher, PhD, CNN „Tower of Thieves” AIG by Andrew Spencer, J. Boylston & Company; „Bear Trap” Fall of Bear Sterns by Andrew Spencer, Brick Tower Press; „The Greek Diet” by Maria Loi and Sarah Tolland, William Morrow; „Finding the SuperModel in You by Claudia Mason, Skyhorse Publishing; „U-Boats in the Bahamas and Turks & Caicos” by Eric T. Wiberg, Brick Tower Press; „Eddie and the Emoticons” by Eric Fisher PhD, Milk and Cookies „Being Uncle Charlie”, Bobby Deasy Story: Random House; „Seducing Celebrities One Meal at a time” by Thaao Penghlis Brick Tower Press; „U. S. Immigration A-Z” by Lorraine D’Alessio Esq, IBooks; „Lose Your Heart, Not Your Mind: The Smart Women’s Guide to Marriage by Aliette H. Carolan, Esq.; „Ready, Set…Risk!” by Daniella Levitt, J. Boylston & Co.; „Drink Right” by Dr. Bob Arnot, HarperCollins William Morrow; „The Oxygen Plan” by Eric Lucas iBOOKS; „Exposing the Wall Street Boys’ Club” by James Goldberg, with Danny Espinosa, Esq.; „Chefs Run Wild”, Frogwater Media Inc, Tim Troke, IMG Distribution, NatGeo; „Escape From Plauen” optioned for film Solaris Entertainment; „she effin hates me” by Scarlett Savage, Skyhorse Publishing, Optioned for Legitimate theatre. „Osceola’s Revenge”: Phenomena of Indian Gaming by Gary Green. Gemini Award nominated and Primetime Emmy Award nominated voice performer Dwayne Hill: „Cat” in the PBS anchored „Peg + Cat”. „Venus Prime” rights held J. Boylston and Company Option to Purchase to Low Spark Films; „The Secret”: The Treasure Hunt Motion Picture TV Media Rights held by iBooks to Claxson Interactive Group. Mr. Morell has a rich history with Broadway, where he served as the Executive Producer of the Broadway shows „The Boys Next Door” and „I Never Sang For My Father”, as well as the commercial rights agent for „The Buddy Holly Story”, „Into the Woods”, „M. Butterfly” and „Meet Me In St. Louis”. Mr. Morell was the first executive to bring naming rights to the Great White Way, with the branding and sponsorship of Philip Morris International. Mr. Morell supports the humanitarian efforts of Darfur; Clinton Foundation, Haiti Relief; Sconset Trust; MSPCA; serves on the Board of Leadership for Mass General Hospital and is a graduate of the University of Florida. Mr. Morell’s book „Social Media: Rebranding Outside the Clutter” (working title) will be released in fall 2017 by iBooks. www.creativemanagementpartners.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Daseke Announces Stock Plan for Truck Drivers Next PostNext Food Blender and Mixer Market to register a healthy CAGR for the forecast period, 2015-2025 Search Recent Posts United States Schottky Diodes Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Ion-Exchange Chromatography Columns Sales Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast 2021 Industrial Wireless Transmitter Sales Market Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2021 Buttermilk Powder Market to be at Forefront by 2024 Handheld Demagnetizer Sales Industry Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman What happened to transparency? LAGOS, Nigeria, May 24, 2017/APO/ — At the annual Nigerian jamboree to the Offshore Technology Conference (OTC) in Houston, Texas, Dr. IbeKachikwu, the minister of state for petroleum resources, told a “world press conference” on May 5, 2017 that Nigeria’s refineries would soon have new investors. He said 26 investors had indicated interest in the epileptic refineries. “By September, we will unveil the investors for the refineries,” the minister said smoothly, typically. “When we came onboard, the refineries were not working but as we speak, we have sizeable investment portfolio for them to an extent that we don’t know who to partner with for the investment.” Let’s say I didn’t go to school at all. Or let’s say it was evening school that I attended. These would still be my takeaways from the minister’s proclamations: one, our refineries are now in a position to attract investment; two, 26 investors have indicated interest in taking over the refineries (on a repair, operate and maintain, ROM, agreement); three, we have not taken a decision yet because there are so many suitors to choose from; and four, we will announce the favoured investors by September. Without attending Harvard Business School, I would still conclude that it appeared the process was going to be competitive and transparent. On May 11, 2017 (six days later, right?) Mr. Wale Tinubu, the CEO of Oando Plc, told the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) that the group had received approval of the government to “repair, operate and maintain” the Port Harcourt Refinery together with “our partner” Agip, a subsidiary of ENI, the Italian company indicted in the Malabu/OPL 245 affair. Tinubu said: “We plan to increase the refinery capacity from 30 per cent to 100 per cent.” Great news, as far I am concerned. We need the refineries back as soon as possible; we have had enough of the endless TAMs gulping billions of naira and spewing out virtually no products for decades. Now this is where I need your help. The last time I checked, with the help of Google, May and September are different months. There are June, July and August in-between. With the help of Google, I also discovered that the gap between when Kachikwu spoke in Houston and when Tinubu spoke in Lagos was a whopping six days — or, to make it simpler, less than one week. There are usually four weeks in a month, and from May 5, when Kachikwu spoke, to September, there are 17 weeks, according to the all-knowing Google. With Tinubu’s disclosure, should we assume that May is the new September? Or that September came early for Oando, Agip and Kachikwu? But I think Google is overrated. There were so many questions it could not answer. For instance, I asked: “Is Oando among the 26 investors Kachikwu boasted about in Houston?” I could not make head or tail of the results. Google came up with “FOX 26 Houston KRIV”. Nonsense. But I got more gibberish for other questions: did Oando and ENI send in a bid? Was it an unsolicited bid? Was it selective tendering? If it was competitive bidding, how many bids were received for Port Harcourt? How much did Oando/ENI bid? How much did others bid? How much did the bidders promise to invest? How many years will the ROM run? Are there concessions for the new operators? I can understand why Google got stuck — that almighty search machine likes transparency. If you do not make your information public, it cannot make it public for you. The best, or should I say the worst, Google would do is to suggest answers that it thinks are related to your questions, even when there is no connection whatsoever. If you google most of the major concessions and major contracts awarded by this government, you will get irrelevant answers on the process. For the same reason: transparency is very scarce in these major deals. We just wake up one day and hear that one company has been awarded a job. Not a word on the process. Don’t get me wrong: I’m not saying Oando should not take over the Port Harcourt Refinery. I have devoted a significant part of my column-writing career to promoting the cause of Nigerian companies. I believe that one day, made-in-Nigeria will be enjoyed all over the world. I want Nigerian companies to fly our flag honourably. Even though I have been called names and subjected to sickening innuendos for promoting Dangote, Globacom, Oando and Innosons, among others, I am not about to repent. Americans are proud of their Apple, Microsoft and Chevron, and my dream is that our people and our companies will become global brands too. That said, though, I am very worried about an emerging pattern in this administration. President Muhammadu Buhari campaigned on the strength of correcting the mistakes and misdeeds of the previous government, but I am seeing too much repetition for it to be coincidental. There is too much secrecy in the way many important things are done, and corruption, need we say, thrives on secrecy. Take away competition, take away transparency, take away accountability, and you have a perfect recipe for corruption. We cannot be sealing deals under the table without revealing the details to Nigerians and then claim we are building an open society. We just woke up one day to learn that GE had secured the concession to take over the railways. How did it happen? What are the details of the deal? Is this the best possible deal Nigeria can get? We were just watching TV one evening and learnt that the federal government had finally signed a renegotiated concession agreement with the Global Steel Holding Limited (GSHL) for Ajaokuta Steel. Up till today, we don’t know the details. Ask questions and what you get as answer is: who paid you to ask? As a journalist, I’m used to the blackmail. I would have quit this job the day I joined if I had to pay attention to personal attacks. By the way, I know a bit about the procurement options. I know of “sole sourcing”, where you go to one provider only because no other provider does it — like buying a Rolls Royce from the maker. “Selective tendering” allows you to approach a few providers who meet certain criteria. There is “repeat procurement”, where you return to earlier provider because of time constraints and because they did a previous job well. All these need strong justifications because you are restricting competition, which is a major element of procurement. And then there is “competitive bidding”, where you throw it open to all. In all, Nigerians deserve to know the process adopted. Get me right. I am not saying anything illegal is being done in the case of the Port Harcourt Refinery. It just lacks transparency. That’s my point. And what about other moral issues? ENI again? As I write this, many Nigerians are being prosecuted or wanted by the EFCC for their involvement in the OPL 245 deal. They are being accused of taking part in an elaborate bribery scheme. But ENI, which is at the centre of it all and is being prosecuted by an Italian prosecutor for its role in the $1.3 billion affair, is cornering more deals in Nigeria without getting as much as a slap on the wrist. The impression being created is that our anti-graft war is very narrow. I sympathise with the government over the limitations imposed by procurement rules, particularly the constraint of speed, but the process was designed for a purpose. More so, this government has been in power for nearly two years, which means a lot could still have been accomplished over the years in spite of the constraints. And, remember, there are many options that can shorten the process which the government has been using for a while now. The biggest headache, though, is that there is too much opaqueness for us to conclude that transparency is a guiding principle. The chaos over the concessioning of Port Harcourt Refinery is a very good example. Dissonance. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAfrica,Business,Energy,Investment,Nigeria,Oil and Gas,MBC,SMS Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Startup Introduces New Line of Watches Made From Space Rocket Material Next PostNext Global Airline Ancillary Services Market 2017-2021: Latest Trend Gaining Momentum is Growing Acceptance of BYOD – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts CPV Solar Sales Market : Emerging Market Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis Car Washing System Market to Register Steady Growth During 2016 – 2026 U.S. Census Bureau Daily Feature for May 25: First Public High School Mesoblast Operational Highlights and Financial Results for the Period Ended March 31, 2017 Military Land Vehicles Market Rugged Expansion Foreseen by 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Why Google’s DeepMind developed Go-playing AI – and how it may impact our lives  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies Why Google’s DeepMind developed Go-playing AI – and how it may impact our lives PUBLISHED : Wednesday, 24 May, 2017, 10:05pm UPDATED : Wednesday, 24 May, 2017, 10:59pm Comments:   Meng Jing Share PrintEmail Mastering the most complex board game in human civilisation is merely the beginning of Google’s venture into artificial intelligence as the company pledges to use the technologies behind its world-class Go-playing computer programme for more general purposes, from health care to education. “Games are the best [way] to train AlphaGo, but we don’t want to stop at games,” said Demis Hassabis, founder and CEO of Google’s AI subsidiary DeepMind, adding that he wants to apply the technologies behind the company’s Go-playing AI in more domains. He didn’t elaborate on the company’s plans, only saying that machine learning technology and reinforcement learning technology, which were the reasons for AlphaGo to master Go, can be used to solve real world challenges, especially in drug discovery and material design. Go is an ancient board game that was believed to be impossible for a computer to crack. Hassabis’ comments came on Wednesday in Wuzhen, eastern China’s Zhejiang province, where AlphaGo scored its first victory in a three-game match against Ke Jie, the world’s top Go player, extending the machine’s edge over humanity in a contest to redraw the boundaries between human intelligence and the artificial variety. AlphaGo wins first match of three over Chinese Go master with ability to surprise Unlike those who worry about a sci-fi nightmare in which robots supersede humans, Hassabis believes AI is just like the Hubble telescope – “a scientific tool that allows people to see farther and better understand the universe”. The union of humans and AI-powered machines will unlock the potential of mankind and bring inspirational ideas, like how AlphaGo inspired professional Go players to come up with new tactics and strategies, he added. AlphaGo first entered the limelight in March 2016 when it surprisingly beat South Korean grand master Lee Sedol, the then reigning world champion, in a 4-1 match. Computers have trumped humans in several board games since IBM’s DeepBlue defeated the chess master Gary Kasparov in 1997. But AlphaGo’s victory is seen as the landmark event for the development of AI as the game requires decisions to be made on intuition rather than calculation. Put another way, AlphaGo must adapt to the gaming situation in front of it and no pre-programming can help it win. Many of the moves made by AlphaGo in its first game against Ke Jie on Tuesday were described by commentators as “unexpected”. “There was a cut that quite shocked me, because it was a move that would never happen in a human-to-human Go match,” said Ke Jie in a post game press conference on Tuesday, adding that there are lots of things worthwhile learning and exploring from AlphaGo. Researchers at Google now envision an AI-enabled future in which Chinese doctors can ask their AI assistants to search all the research papers on certain diseases online, and not only translate them into Chinese, but analyse the material and provide only the essential information. With the huge amount of data involved in health-related industries, Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Google’s parent company Alphabet, said health care will be impacted the most by the application of AI in the coming five to 10 years. “If I were at the age of 22, I’d be joining companies like DeepMind,” Schmidt said in Wuzhen on Wednesday. The quickest way to make money is to apply AI technologies in health care and businesses that boast a large amount of data, he added. An increasing number of start-ups have been entering the health care AI space, focusing on areas from virtual nursing to drug discovery. Research from CB Insights shows that deals involving health care-focused AI start-ups grew from less than 20 in 2012 to nearly 70 in 2016. 2016 saw two new unicorns – private companies worth US$ 1 billion or more – emerge in the AI-enabled health care space: China-based health care big data platform iCarbonX and oncology-focused Flatiron Health. “By 2025, AI systems could be involved in everything from population health management to digital avatars capable of answering specific patient queries,” said Harpreet Singh Buttar, an analyst at Frost & Sullivan. SCMP Today: HK Edition Get updates direct to your inbox E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Go-playing AI to open doors, says Google business-article-page   Most Popular Viewed 1 21 arrested over fake concrete tests for HK-Zhuhai-Macau bridge 2 Why Henderson’s ‘Uncle Four’ spent US$3bn on Murray Road site 3 China’s interest rates poised for a quick rise, in response to US moves 4 AlphaGo wins first match of three against human with surprise move 5 China hits back at Moody’s for downgrading its credit rating Shared 1 21 arrested over fake concrete tests for HK-Zhuhai-Macau bridge 2 Who drinks lattes in Hong Kong? Not the poor 3 China hits back at Moody’s for downgrading its credit rating 4 Why Henderson’s ‘Uncle Four’ spent US$3bn on Murray Road site 5 AlphaGo wins first match of three against human with surprise move Commented 1 Why Henderson’s ‘Uncle Four’ spent US$3bn on Murray Road site 2 Moody’s downgrade casts doubt on China’s narrative 3 China hits back at Moody’s for downgrading its credit rating 4 Why we are fascinated with doom, gloom and all sorts of bad news 5 Shanghai needs more than concrete to unseat Hong Kong Promotions Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now! Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017       You may also like World Outgoing WHO chief Margaret Chan defends her legacy May 24th 2017, 11:59am 1 Experts warn of need for online and offline protection In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong Filipino woman falls to death in suspected window-cleaning accident 18 May 2017 - 5:45pm 36 [SCMP Archive] Raising cash in great fashion Sponsored by: Hong Kong International School Hong Kong Hong Kong HIV cases hit record high, with more younger men infected 20 May 2017 - 11:50pm 17 Opinion The US will regret snubbing China’s belt and road 19 May 2017 - 10:48pm 27 Post Magazine The Holga: how a Hong Kong-made camera became a cult classic 24 May 2017 - 12:37pm 2 Hong Kong The Star Ferry’s longest-serving coxswain worries about not having a successor May 20th 2017, 8:00am Opinion How Hong Kong’s political rot began, and gave us Joshua Wong et al 12 May 2017 - 7:45am 31 China When late diplomat Qian Qichen had to give North Korea’s leader some very bad news 12 May 2017 - 9:33am 4 Insight & Opinion Hong Kong shames itself again by its treatment of domestic helpers 11 May 2017 - 7:45pm 26 Hong Kong Patient’s daughter slams hospital for keeping family in dark about error 11 May 2017 - 10:59pm 10 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 35 Plus 1 on G+ 70 Share on Facebook 61 Share on Twitter Total Shares166 Applications Google News Videos Today Google started rolling out another update to Google Voice, bringing things up to 5.2 The new version of the app brings widgets in three new sizes. It also provides a new setting in the app for the 7-year-old call screening feature. The feature has been around for a while, but you can now enable and disable it via the app. It seems the last few months were no fluke, and Google is committed to keeping Voice updated now that it's been redesigned out of the Holo era.    At first glance, things look the same. The Google Voice app hasn't been redesigned or changed graphically. After all, we did just see a redesign. But, it does have some sweet new features. There are three new widgets and a new option for call screening. The only visual indicator that you'll find in the app of the version change to 5.2 is that new call screening option in the settings menu. You can find it under "Calls," and toggling it enables or disables a pre-call automated message that tells you who is calling, and gives you the option to take the call or ignore it. To be clear, this is the same feature that Google Voice has had for 7 years online, but now we are able to enable and disable it via the app. It is a simple tweak, but a useful one.     There are also the three new widgets, which you can see above and below. The two smaller widgets offer just a couple of options, and the smallest only has one button, which controls which number you call from. You can toggle between four different call modes for Google Voice, and a toast indicator and. These are the same four that were present in previous versions of Google Voice. Namely the ability to set Google Voice for all calls, the SIM for all calls, Google Voice for international calls only, or to ask each time. They might be the same options as before, but now it's much easier to switch between them, as you don't have to open the app every time you might want to change it. The middle-sized widget adds two more buttons. You get a do not disturb mode toggle and a messaging shortcut to the app. Both of the widgets are resizable, and each one turns into the other if you adjust it to meet the other's parameters.    The third widget is the big one, and I have expanded it in the images here past the default size to show things off. It basically brings all the functionality of the app over into your homescreen. You can see missed messages, calls, and voicemails, with a tab at the bottom for each. The same outgoing call and do not disturb toggles are present, though they are larger and include text indicators. You also get the messaging shortcut, and it shows you your Google Voice number in the corner, should you be the forgetful type. The new update started rolling out yesterday, though not everyone seems to have gotten it. I have not, but I was able to install the latest version manually. If you don't see the most recent version on Google Play, feel free to pull it down via APKMirror. Download QR-Code Google Voice Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk download call screening Google Voice update video widgets subscribe ... Previous Story 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) ... Next Story PayPal integration in Android Pay is going live Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Billy Presley "WOULD YOU LIKE SOME MAKING FUCK, ..." Phenomenal Kyle Gospodnetich Life changing yochanan ...BERSERKER! Gailjrobinson Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sv133c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sv133c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs423TopFishGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sv133c:....,....... Ryne Hager MY LOVE FOR YOU IS LIKE A TRUCK. darrsil Does this fix the voicemails not updating in the Google Phone app? This broke after the Voice redesign. Jeremy Couch This is all I want to know too! I guess I'll try it and report back. Jeremy Couch It's still missing. I'll restart and check again but doesn't look like good news. Ryne Hager Nah, it is still missing. abqnm First being able to finally f*n type to assistant and, and now this, the second major release for Google Voice, all in one week? I/O time does have some benefits. Carson Saldanha Wait, Voice now works with Assistant?! abqnm No, I don't think so. Maybe. Haven't tried, sorry. But what I was talking about us that you can now type to Google assistant instead of having to use your voice. When it replaced Google Now, it made the home button shortcut that used to allow easy access to searching by text go to Assistant, which was voice only. But Google finally, after many horrible months as fixed this by adding a keyboard popup in Assistant. And then the Voice app gets an update, so I was relating the too because both of these were very long-awaited updates. Though the screen calls one was like a decade old, but it finally came. The keyboard was only 3 months, but it was a considerably more important feature. WitnessG What is that circle icon in the status bar? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Looks like battery, which is a little redundant. WitnessG Is it part of O or is it a rooted feature cause I think it looks nicer than the regular battery icon. Roh_Mish Nope. Rooted feature. davidofmidnight Now if they would put some effort into accurate transcriptions... Adam Margeson Put some effort into? You should hear the quality of their source material. They've come a *long* way, especially the last couple years. Santos Chavez They have, I've had Google Voice for years and it used to be laughably horrible, but it's vastly improved since then. Even the recent Spanish transcription that was added gets 90% of what was said right. andy_o wth, finally added Spanish? Is it recognized automatically? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ I mean, it's certainly better, but I still get some pretty amusing transcriptions every now and then. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ That third blurred out face looks so familiar... Ryne Hager He's just some dick from AP comments. hp-fourtwenty multiple account control!!!!!!!!! Adam Margeson Except they've got it in their terms of use that you only have a single Google voice account. jcopernicus Been there since the last major update, and it's broken if you DONT want an account signed in, as it will randomly try to go through the setup. gvanmeter I hope they fixed photos getting turned sideways after being sent and the lack of 3gppp video support. jcopernicus Still no voip? oh Erick Wright Would be nice if we can make this the default SMS app destinyhud would be nice but then after 2 years google will remove it. so why even bother mama1nana I wonder when Google will allow Google Assistant to send GV sms. keithzg Obligatory "why can't we have this in Canada?" (Hilariously enough, I had a phone number that would have worked for this, but it got taken away by the corrupt right-wing provincial government for hilariously dumb and self-serving reasons years before Google Voice became available.) Justin Bassett Now if only those on Project Fi could use it.... www_LAAG_us Sounds like everyone has same complaints I do. C'mon google make some substantive changes. Im tired of little silly stuff and window dressing..oh wait thats right google engineers do what they want to do not what users want. sorry Jeffrey Linton Thanks Ryne for the info. MattBoan I'm still waiting for them to unify Voice and Hangouts. Well. Mostly just the VoIP feature that for some reason is allowed on Hangouts, but not the friggin' official Google Voice app. They've been saying it is "coming soon" for months if not years now. www_LAAG_us Amen to that sam1331 "Your suffering waiting on Google will not go unnoticed, and will be rewarded in the next life!" - A recovering 6-year Google Voice user I don't know why Google is putting more focus on Google Voice these days, but I suspect it will still be treated as a second class citizen as it always has, with its users always hoping Google will smile upon them and finally make it awesome. It's always one update away... Nexus✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Still no outgoing calls from the app (voip) forced to use carrier minutes to place calls. On iOS you have been able to for quite a while. Means on Android the hangouts dialer and hangouts stats installed. Sigh. destinyhud well u have hangouts dialer to make voip calls using google voice number. so u r not without an option. I am waiting for them to add that feature to google voice and then i will uninstall hangout dialer rap I've been getting more frustrated with Google Voice lately. It takes forever to connect and now about half the time, the call doesn't go through and I have to try a second time or use my sim card # which confuses people. I'm trying to figure out if it is related to my phone being connected to a wifi that requires a sign in (like a public wifi) or maybe just a week wifi. Po Lite My guess is you have shotty internet at those times. I hope this was fixed in this version 5.2 but ever since 5.0 was released Google Voice requires internet to make phone calls if you don't believe me try it. Turn off WiFi and Mobile Data reboot phone and you will not be able to make a call with Google Voice. Then go to APK Mirror and download any 4.x version and do the same thing and it works every time. I tried to convert to the new google voice and give up on hangouts but I go to areas where cell is ok but 3G and LTE are bad and Google Voice 5.x will fail on dialing. So I changed back to Google Voice 4.x and works like a charm. So now I am back on Google Voice version 0.4.7.10 and Hangouts for SMS. oh well hope it gets fixed. BTW this problem exists on three different phones 1 AT&T and 2 T-Mobile. rap I got an email with a helpful reply from Po Lite but I don't see it showing up here. It sounded like exactly the problem I am having. I will sum up what it said: Since version 5.0, internet access (wifi or mobile data) is required to make a GV call. Po Lite had this same problem and reverted back to GV version 0.4.7.10 so could make calls where have cell reception but no data. atc-tech Nice! The call screening thing is one of the features I was really missing from the app! I like the new app and I have been using it for SMS every since it came out. It's better than Allo because I can use it across multiple devices (tablet, phone, work phone) and it has an web client version on the website! What I really wish I could do now is use Google Assistant to send SMS via Google Voice with no workaround or "ghost" numbers. Also, VOIP calling from within the app. xyz Still US-only. Still don't give a fuck about voice. Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 18 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 35 1 Year Ago Today Google Is Preparing To Add The Raspberry Pi 3 To AOSP, It Will Apparently Become An Officially Supported Device 2016/05/24 2:21pm PDTMay 24, 2016 264 2 Years Ago Today An Exclusive Early Look At The New Google Photos App 2015/05/24 10:36am PDTMay 24, 2015 18 3 Years Ago Today ZeroLemon's 9500mAh Extended Battery For The LG G Pro 2 Is Now On Sale For $50 2014/05/24 4:39pm PDTMay 24, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Sci-Fighters, Judge Dredd: Countdown Sec 106, Race Illegal, Mensa Academy, And RE-VOLT Free 2013/05/24 7:11pm PDTMay 24, 2013 41 5 Years Ago Today Better Than Magic - Stick Your Phone To A Wall, Treadmill, Or... Ceiling With PU Pads From The Makers Of Capta 2012/05/24 5:09pm PDTMay 24, 2012 22 6 Years Ago Today HTC "Reviewing" Its Bootloader Policy - We'll Believe It When We See It 2011/05/24 5:16pm PDTMay 24, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today That Was Quick: EVO 4G’s Already Been Rooted 2010/05/24 4:09pm PDTMay 24, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 18 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 125 queries | 0.343s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Bucket of signals How Google assesses the 'authority' of web pages Long-awaited... Google rolls out similar audiences for Search and Shopping Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. New study on featured snippets within Google reveals growth & optimization techniques Study shows nearly 30% of the Google results have featured snippets. Barry Schwartz on May 24, 2017 at 10:15 am More Stone Temple Consulting has published a new study on the Google search results around featured snippets. Featured snippets are when Google shows answers at the top of the results — sometimes referred to as position zero. They’re also often used for Google Voice search results in Google Assistant or Google Home. The study was based on 1.4 million queries and shows that for 50 percent or more of those queries, Google has shown a featured snippet, rich answer, direct answer or something similar in the search results. The growth of featured snippets over the years in the Google search results is significant: About 30 percent of those 1.4 million queries showed featured snippets. Here is a chart showing the growth of featured snippets in Google over the years: The study also showed that of the 601 featured snippet results in those 1.4 million queries, in 524 (89.9 percent) of those, the “featured snippet was identical to the regular snippet associated with the search result.” The other 10 percent or so fell under one of these cases: One commonality between featured snippets and the core web search result snippet is that “451 (75 percent) of the featured snippets” in the study “had three or more lines in the regular snippet.” So there is a strong correlation between longer snippets in Google and those snippets being used as a featured snippet in Google. The study goes into a lot more detail on these growth numbers, the patterns between snippets and featured snippets and best practices on how to achieve featured snippets in Google. So check out the full study over here. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Popular Stories Google is extending in-market audience targeting to Search campaigns Study argues Yelp drives higher conversions than Google and Facebook New study on featured snippets within Google reveals growth & optimization techniques Google will automatically convert display ads to AMP, test AMP landing pages for Search Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogle: Featured SnippetsGoogle: Knowledge GraphGoogle: OneBox, Plus Box & Direct AnswersGoogle: SEOGoogle: Web Search Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers Lead Nurturing: Guide for Modern Marketers Digital Asset Management for Dummies See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN EVENTS APPS Home Tech Guy Videos Business Directory Tools Al Tech Jobs WAAYTV Toggle navigation Home Tech Guy Videos Business Directory Tools Al Tech Jobs WAAYTV WATCH LIVE 4:30-7am 11am 5pm 6pm 7pm 10pm Close (Google Fiber photo) North Huntsville can start signing up for Google Fiber May 23, 2017 Updated 16 hrs ago 0 (Google Fiber photo) Customers in north Huntsville who want high-speed Internet access through Google Fiber can start signing up, officials said Tuesday. Signups are now being accepted through Google Fiber's Huntsville website. Google Fiber is leasing unused fiber from Huntsville Utilities, which has been laying down the infrastructure across the city. Phone service  Internet plans will be offered for $50 to $70 a month, and Internet and TV bundles will run from $140 to $160 a month, according to information provided by Google. Phone service can be added to any plan for $10 a month. Comcast has announced plans to offer gigabit Internet access in Huntsville. AT&T and WOW! already offer some residents gigabit-speed services. × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Tweets by @travisWAAY31   Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates For daily news updates and when Breaking News occurs. Manage your lists Sections Home Tech Guy Videos Business Directory Tools Reporter Information WAAYTV - Travis Leder 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL 35801 Phone: 256-533-8542 Email: tleder@waaytv.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 WAAY-TV, 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Tech News All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Dave Parrack The Desktop Player All Google Play Music Users Need Entertainment Linux The Desktop Player All Google Play Music Users Need Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything James Bruce May 24, 2017 24-05-2017 9 minutes Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Want to make a web connected doodad that flashes an LED? You could probably use a Raspberry Pi! After all, when you only have a hammer in your toolkit, it’s easy to to view everything as a nail. But you shouldn’t, and here’s why. Don’t Spend $40 to Flash an LED Over the Web All too often we see relatively simple Internet of Things (IoT) electronics projects being made with a Raspberry Pi: a $35 mini computer that needs an SD card (another $5) and possibly a Wi-Fi dongle. In reality, you don’t need the power of a Raspberry Pi to handle simple embedded applications like an IoT sensor or web-connected LED. The $5 NodeMCU board Meet the Arduino Killer: ESP8266 Meet the Arduino Killer: ESP8266 What if I told you a there's an Arduino-compatible dev board with built-in Wi-Fi for less than $10? Well, there is. Read More , which has built-in Wi-Fi, onboard flash storage, and is equally as easy to program as a Pi, could handle the job elegantly. It includes a web server library if you really need one, or you can use the slimmed down MQTT-based protocol. My point is, don’t automatically turn to a Raspberry Pi just because your thingamajig project needs web connectivity. In some cases, you may actually find your electronics project is limited by the sheer overhead of other things that have to run on a Pi. For example, Neopixels — individually controllable LEDs strings — require notoriously precise signal timings. Quadcopter drones are another. Changes in motor speed must be made in fractions of a second, or they’ll just come crashing down. A Raspberry Pi has to run a full operating system — which includes things like processor threading, user handling, and file services — so it can struggle to push bits out at the speeds required. This means it may occasionally pause top-level user applications while it deals with more pressing low level processes. A development board like an Arduino Arduino vs Raspberry Pi: Which Is The Mini Computer For You? Arduino vs Raspberry Pi: Which Is The Mini Computer For You? The Arduino and Raspberry Pi may look quite similar – they're both cute little circuit boards with some chips and pins on them – but they are in fact very different devices. Read More might be more feature limited (there’s no GUI, for instance), but it gives much lower level, faster access to the hardware, and only runs the exact code you tell it to. In short, it’s not that a Raspberry Pi can’t do electronics projects, but it might be overkill in some cases and can cause complications. It’s Not Powerful Enough for Desktop Use Using the Pi as a full desktop — even the latest model 3 — is an incredibly frustrating experience. To start with, it runs Linux, which has a steep learning curve associated with it and isn’t suited to beginners. Linux enthusiasts perpetually claim that this year is the year that Linux will finally make headway into the desktop for the everyday user — but it never has and never will Why We Never Had "The Year of the Linux Desktop" Why We Never Had "The Year of the Linux Desktop" Linux users have been praying for the "Year of the Linux desktop". But if we're ever going to see Linux gain serious traction, there is much that Linux developers need to improve. Read More . Even with the performance boost that the latest model brought, you’ll still struggle through common tasks. That ever-so-slight delay between hitting a key and having it appear on screen will eventually wear you down. Good luck getting more than one web page to open at a time, or even a single tab to scroll smoothly. Don’t like the substandard default browser and want to install Google Chrome? That’s a minefield. You can’t just download Chrome — you need to install Chromium, the open source version… but package names have changed, so many instructions are out of date… and the version available on the Raspbian repository is old anyway, so you should probably just compile it yourself. Even then, some popular web services like Netflix still don’t support the platform at all. Welcome to the wonderful world of desktop Linux, where nothing is ever easy. If you were thinking the Raspberry Pi looks like a great way to introduce your gran to modern computing, please stop. You really don’t want her first computing experience to be that horrid. Yes, of course it can handle a little Word Processing in Open Office, but you can also do that on literally any web browser through Google Docs nowadays. (Ironically, Google Docs is one of those things that will struggle on the Pi.) A budget Android tablet is likely to be a more satisfying investment for your granny, or even a used laptop you could get off eBay for $20 (and if you insist, you could still put Linux on it). It’s Dangerously Insecure (In the Wrong Hands) It’s very easy to throw a web server onto the Pi Host Your Own Website On Your Raspberry Pi Host Your Own Website On Your Raspberry Pi Need to run a website but can't afford the hosting costs? One way around this is with the low-powered Raspberry Pi, which is more than capable of running basic web server software. Read More , and then open your router up to make it accessible from all over the world. Free website hosting, yay! But the moment you do that, your machine will be inundated with automated hacking bots from every corner of the globe, systematically attempting to penetrate the device through known weaknesses in old software. This is true of every website regardless of where it’s hosted, but it’s particularly problematic for the Raspberry Pi, which tends to be set up by hobbyists who aren’t intimately familiar with best security practices. Even worse: the Pi typically runs on a user’s home network. Once compromised, this bypasses any other security the internet router might provide, giving the hacker complete freedom to chisel away at the rest of your networked devices. To mitigate this problem: Never open your Pi as a public facing server. If you need to access the Pi from outside your network, use a secure third party gateway (such as controlling your OpenHAB system Getting Started with OpenHAB Home Automation on Raspberry Pi Getting Started with OpenHAB Home Automation on Raspberry Pi OpenHAB is a mature, open source home automation platform that runs on a variety of hardware and is protocol agnostic, meaning it can connect to nearly any home automation hardware on the market today. Read More using My.OpenHAB free cloud service). If you absolutely must open up a server to the world, be sure to read up on how to harden your security first. Some bold individuals have even tried to monetize the Pi into real world security devices. The nomx personal email server ($199) claimed to be “the world’s most secure email server,”” yet an investigation by BBC Click found it was actually just a Raspberry Pi, running dangerously out of date software, and hard-coded with a master backdoor password of “death”. The SD Card Will Wear Out The single biggest issue with the Raspberry Pi is that it runs the entire operating system from a micro-SD card (which is one of the reasons it’s so slow). This will eventually wear out, but the speed at which it wears out will vary according to the quality of the card. Proponents of using an SD card will argue that it’s easy to backup and restore whole card images, but that’s rarely the case in the real world. While it’s easy enough to download and burn a ready-made image, or to make a complete backup of your current SD card, restoring it requires a card at least as big as the original Easily Clone Your SD Card For Trouble-free Raspberry Pi Computing Easily Clone Your SD Card For Trouble-free Raspberry Pi Computing Whether you have one SD card or several, one thing that you will need is the ability to back up your cards to avoid the problems that occur when your Raspberry Pi fails to boot. Read More . A couple of bad sectors on the new card mean it will refuse to copy over. There is a solution: You can actually enable a special USB boot mode on the Pi How to Make Raspberry Pi 3 Boot From USB How to Make Raspberry Pi 3 Boot From USB The Raspberry Pi is a versatile piece of kit, capable of a diverse range of tasks. But it has one glaring flaw: the inability to boot from USB. Until now, that is. Read More , but it’s a pretty complicated procedure that even I couldn’t get to work. Dongles, Dongles Everywhere The latest Raspberry Pi model 3 actually has Wi-Fi built in, but it’s quite unreliable. The $5 Raspberry Pi Zero is even worse. Depending on your project, you’ll likely need an adaptor to make the mini-USB into a full size USB port, a USB hub so you can plug in more than one device (preferably plugged into a wall socket to provide extra power), then a USB Wi-Fi or Ethernet adaptor, and some GPIO headers to solder in. If you want to plug in a monitor, you’ll also need a micro-HDMI to regular HDMI adaptor. Oh, and you better grab a case, too. It all adds to the total cost, and once you’ve spent all that, you might as well buy something more suited to the task. A Mini-PC or Tablet Would Probably Be Better Carefully consider your intended audience and purpose. A Raspberry Pi may seem cost effective, but once you start adding in all those extras, you can easily approach $100. For twice the price, you could buy a mini-PC that would run Windows 10. Real Windows 10 I mean, not the absurdly restricted Windows 10 IoT 5 Things You Can't Do With Raspberry Pi 2 5 Things You Can't Do With Raspberry Pi 2 With a quad core CPU and boasts of being able to run Windows 10 – is the Raspberry Pi 2 really all that? Here's 5 things the Raspberry Pi 2 still can't do. Read More , which bears no earthly resemblance to Windows 10 other than in name, yet to this day still gets quoted to us when we say Raspberry Pi doesn’t run Windows. That’s. Not. Windows. With a mini PC or tablet, you would get better compatibility with a wider range of apps (not the limited selection of poorly made Linux software), and almost certainly better hardware. Yes, it’s very technically impressive that you can make a low-powered netbook with a Pi: but the piTop is $270 for what is really quite a poor laptop by any standards. The Kano Pi computer is $280 for a device they claim is a “build it yourself” computer. I wouldn’t say putting the bare Raspberry Pi board into a case and plugging some cables is “building your own PC” by any stretch of the imagination. There are certainly some amazing educational uses for a Raspberry Pi, but learning what components go into making a PC is not one of them. The Raspberry Pi is a system-on-a-chip, meaning you can’t even point to individual components like the CPU, memory, and graphics card — because they’re all the same thing. In my day, we learned what a PC was made of by stripping one down and rebuilding it How To Build Your Own PC How To Build Your Own PC It's very gratifying to build your own PC; as well as intimidating. But the process itself is actually quite simple. We'll walk you through everything you need to know. Read More ! So When Should You Use a Raspberry Pi? I’ve spent most of this article telling you why you really shouldn’t use a Raspberry Pi for your next project, but here’s a couple of cases where it definitely makes sense. Multiple combined use-cases. Need a Pi-Hole server, running alongside a web server, with some home automation software? Raspberry Pi could do them all. You may need to do additional configuration to get everything playing nicely, but you don’t need a single Raspberry Pi for every separate project — you can run them all alongside each other. Obviously, we don’t recommend running things you’ll frequently be tweaking with something you need to be rock solid, like a home automation platform or your internet filter. In that case, keep one for experimentation and another to simply run the smart house. Low-power always-on servers. One of the great things about a Raspberry Pi is that it can run a full server system and suck down very little energy — much less than even the most power efficient small PCs. I don’t recommend a Pi for performance sensitive tasks like a networked file server (even if it is technically possible), but for tasks where performance isn’t such a concern, you can leave a Pi running and add just pennies to your monthly power bill. Your project needs a lot of software programming libraries. One of the great things about programming in Python is that lots of people do it. Whatever your end goal is, someone has probably already done it — and made the process easier. If your project is going to interact with other services and devices, you can probably find a Python library for it. Facial recognition, voice synthesis, or Twitter bots? Not a problem with Python on a Pi. Of course, Python isn’t the only language you can program with on Pi, but it’s the most popular. We’re big fans of NodeJS, too. Combining the Pi with a microcontroller. With the power of a Pi and the simplicity of a microcontroller, you can go a long way: like this DIY Siri-controlled light strip How to Make a DIY Siri-Controlled Wi-Fi Light How to Make a DIY Siri-Controlled Wi-Fi Light In this guide, you're going to learn how to create a Wi-Fi controllable light, and control it with Siri. Read More . The brains run on a Raspberry Pi, with NodeJS presenting itself as a fake Siri device, which then relays the commands to a remote NodeMCU with a lightstrip. You can expand with more lights for the fraction of the cost of another Pi. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not hating on the Pi. I have four Raspberry Pi’s at home and another on the way. One runs some critical parts of my smart home, in that kind of “six-month uptime” reliable way that I could never hope to achieve with a Windows machine. But it’s not the solution to every problem. Previous Post7 DIY Solar Projects for Off-Grid Survival 18 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Jason Nichols May 25, 2017 at 4:33 am I was with you until you started taking about how steep the Linux desktop learning curve is. It isn't 1996 any more. I have introduced many people to cinnamon and mate based desktops, mostly running on Mint or Ubuntu (there are other friendly distros out there, too) from all age ranges who never went back to Windows. In fact, the less experienced users pick it up quicker. I have yet to run into a person who, after a half hour or so of demo, dosen't pick it up, say it's easier to use, and never want to return to Windows. It used to be the other way around but with Linux, now things just work out of the box while with Windows, often times you gotta wrestle with things to get them to work right, especially when it comes to things like file sharing and security. The free alternative has come a LONG way. If you ever DO have problems, support is actually available and cheap, assuming your easy step by step answers aren't in a forum. Good luck getting ahold of somebody at MicroShaft if you need help with something. I will agree that for many projects, Arduino based boards are better than pi, though. Running a C based language and operating on a hardware level without the overhead of an OS is nice. My biggest problem with arduino is that you run off of the sdcard, though. I have run out of program space on the Arduino way too many times. That, more than wifi, is what the more expensive boards should be looking at. Adding wifi is just a module and a library away for ANY controller. Reply urzu117 May 25, 2017 at 3:27 am You can negate the need to use an SD/microSD card by using Western Digital's HDD kit for the Raspberry Pi. Reply James Bruce May 25, 2017 at 6:37 am That's another £50! Reply Chris May 25, 2017 at 2:47 am I stopped reading when you started slamming Linux. If you think Linux has a steep learning curve, wait till you start building a thingymagig with no GUI and, you have to programme a chip using only a console/terminal without the support of the Linux community. Reply James Bruce May 25, 2017 at 6:36 am All my Raspberry Pi tutorials are intended to be followed headless via SSH. The Pi is perfect for that, without the overhead of a desktop. That's precisely the point – that it's a seriously underpowered and frustrating desktop experience. Trying to roll it out as a perfect desktop replacement for anyone new to computers is unwise. Reply Jon May 25, 2017 at 2:44 am Not impressed by this hate piece on the Pi. And it running Linux is a positive, not a negative... And yes, I mean on the desktop as well. It's outdated to think Linux is really that hard to use day to day. Reply HumanT May 24, 2017 at 11:50 pm Without the raspberry pi you wouldn't have those other options today. It's the regular thing that people rarely/never do research on their project. For me any raspberry pi is a base to make something. Anything. So, keep on using a raspberry pi for everything. As long as it's the right thing for you. It CAN be the solution for every problem as it's easy to get hold of, and is widely supported and is very easy to get started with. And the new Zero W fixes part of the dongle hell. Use the RPI. As long as you yourself do your research. Just what you want to do. And just why. As a generic "toy" it's very hard to beat. Reply Derek Harding May 24, 2017 at 11:27 pm How I agree that the Pi isn't a panacea for all problems. I started programming in the late 1970s and have grown through IBM OS, early Apples, Sinclairs, BBCs, machine code (yes) and assembler programming. I started with Unix with a C/PM emulator in the late '80s and Linux when it started in '94. Even given my familiarity, I would challenge the statement that it is not desktop ready. Apple's OS and Android are Linux-based after all. The issue with desktop adoption is familiarity, rather than speed. (SD card based devices will always be slow, regardless of flavour.) Several elderly relatives used/use Linux very happily and transparently. My mother (then 80) asked me to remove the supplied OS from her new computer and replace it with an upgraded version of Linux. As an aside, I've never experienced significant keyboard/display delay with a Pi3 but different configurations could affect individual experiences. With over 96% of all web-servers (source W3Cook - May, 2015) running GNU Linux and just under 2% running BSD Linux, speed and functionality aren't really an issue. Nor, really, is security. A home user running with inadequate firewalling is at risk regardless of the device or its OS. Great article with good thought provoking statements. Horses for courses is always an important criterion. Thanks for the reminder. Reply MakeUseOf User May 25, 2017 at 12:05 am Question: What desktop environment and/or distro did you set up for them? Reply Derek Harding May 25, 2017 at 12:57 am I tend not to use KDE although I have. Most recently, Linux Mint but also Ubuntu, LUbuntu, LXDE, Slakware, Puppy, damnsmalllinux and arch plus server-specific distros. Rasbian for the Pi and a version of Debian for CubieTruck. Quite a few. :-) Reply Derek Harding May 25, 2017 at 1:00 am Sorry, didn't quite read your request. I used Ubuntu for one (mother) and Linux Mint (which is really Ubuntu) for the others (four of them). I use a whole variety (as above) and have been essentially Linux exclusively since 1996 but my wife uses Mint and has done so since 2002. Reply Steve Gossett May 24, 2017 at 9:27 pm Why the bagging on the Pi? To each their own when it comes to projects and learning things. Theres a lot of tech available now similar to Arduino and Pi with a large user base of project builders from robotic projects to, Yes, making a blinking light. To people like you, the writer of this article, perhaps its something stupid as you project by this article but to a number of kids the Pi and Arduino are fun, they are used in schools, on the Space Station and spark creativity. Perhaps someone paid a kickback for the NodeMCU or maybe you got up on the wrong side of tech bed. You are entitled to your opinion though. Everything has its place in tech and I find this article a bit annoying to be bagging the way it does. i feel it would have been better to come across a bit more friendlier and simply say theres a new kid on the tech block and then more finely compare the NodeMCU to the Pi and/or Arduino. As for the nodeMCU, now that I am aware of it I will check it out further since it has sparked my interest. Reply James Bruce May 24, 2017 at 9:44 pm I'm sorry if you got that sense from the article. I've written hundreds of Arduino and Raspberry Pi tutorials over the years, so I'm certainly not "bagging". It is absolutely changing the world of education. I'm considering starting some local classes based around it. But it doesn't solve every problem, and people should be wary of pushing into becoming a solution to everything. Reply David May 24, 2017 at 9:01 pm Finally! I'm sick of people romanticizing tech things beyond what they are. Truth bomb: Linux on the Desktop is functional but not for most people. Linux-arm is appropriate for an even smaller subset of people. Everyone acts as though some gadgets are the bestest thing ever, when they likely would be better off with a beat up old laptop with an sad that is kept tidy from malware. Don't treat grandma like she's a developer and don't treat her like a moron who isn't responsible enough to own a Windows machine. Old people are surprisingly good at following instructions when presented with familiar interfaces that don't lag or have wierd compatibility issues with their basic needs like Skype and flash player. Reply MercuryAdept42 May 25, 2017 at 4:43 am I doubt a grandparent with low tech skills would be attempting the kind of project that would require a raspberry pi or similar device. So what's your point? Reply James Bruce May 25, 2017 at 6:32 am When Raspberry Pi 3 was released, there were people claiming you could replace an entire office worth of machines with these and save thousands. The point is, it was never meant to be a desktop replacement and shouldn't be treated as such. Reply Mine May 24, 2017 at 7:32 pm Kodi box for sure! Works great on pi 3 for streaming. No complaints yet. Use fast SD card and you are set. Reply likefunbutnot May 24, 2017 at 4:54 pm I've been using these arguments more or less verbatim for a while. People still think they want a Raspberry Pi. I get it. They're cheap computers. But there are better ways to do almost everything and almost no one is bothering with their intended purpose. I suspect that the vast majority of them are just being made in to cheap Kodi or Retro-gaming systems that run until the SD card dies, at which point people assume the Pi died and throw it away. Reply James Bruce 606 articles James has a BSc in Artificial Intelligence, and is CompTIA A+ and Network+ certified. He's the lead developer of MakeUseOf, and spends his free time playing VR paintball and boardgames. He's been building PCs since he was a kid. Advertisement Latest Giveaways BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending 10 Free Operating Systems You Maybe Never Realized Existed Technology Explained Linux 10 Free Operating Systems You Maybe Never Realized Existed Search Excel Spreadsheets Faster: Replace VLOOKUP With INDEX and MATCH Productivity Search Excel Spreadsheets Faster: Replace VLOOKUP With INDEX and MATCH All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Tech News All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Advertisement Related Articles Inkjet vs. Laser vs. LED: Printer Types Explained Technology Explained Inkjet vs. Laser vs. LED: Printer Types Explained Unusually Useful IFTTT Notification Applets You Shouldn’t Do Without Internet Unusually Useful IFTTT Notification Applets You Shouldn’t Do Without 10 Third-Party Apps All SmartThings Owners Should Be Using Smart Home 10 Third-Party Apps All SmartThings Owners Should Be Using Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Creative Management Partners LLC May 24, 2017 10:00 ET 2017 First Quarter Broadcast Television Film News: Announcing Creative Management Partners Agent Alan Morell Client Options Works Sold BEVERLY HILLS, CA--(Marketwired - May 24, 2017) - Announced today, 2017 First Quarter Broadcast Film News: THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY: Creative Management Partners Announces Agent Alan Morell represented the negotiations and sale of Options Development of Author Book works for Film Festivals, Television and Film: "Escape from Plauen" to Film Festivals https://vimeo.com/203600586 PW: plauen "Venus Prime" to Claxson Interactive Group "The Secret" to "Circle the Globe Productions" part of "Expedition Unknown" Scripps Networks Interactive "Robots In Time" to Keller Entertainment Group, Inc. "Trading Up Fashion" to EUE/Sokolow "Eddie and the Emoticons" to Frogwater Media "Casino Rescue" to Gary Green Gaming "State of the Art Series" Honest Owl Works About Alan Morell: Mr. Alan Morell, Chairman and CEO, THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY: Creative Management Partners LLC, has 30 years of global experience in the successful development and management of talent, literary, TV and film packaging, commercial rights, corporate consulting, media positioning, sponsorship of live events and intellectual property (IP) rights. Mr. Morell is one of the few in the sports, entertainment and the arts industries, who has represented and managed clients, that have won the prestigious awards: Grammy; Tony; Oscar; Emmy, ESPY, Victors and NY Times Best Selling Authors. Mr. Morell began his career with International Management Group (IMG), where he served in a variety of executive offices including Corporate Vice President, (Executive of Talent, Commercial Rights, TV Packaging, Marquee Hospitality and Mergers & Acquisitions for Eastern and Western Hemispheres) serving corporate disciplines of global synergy within IMG diverse profit centers (International Management Inc.; International Merchandising Corp; Fashion Art Licensing; Trans World International). Mr. Morell currently serves as Chairman and CEO of THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY, Creative Management Partners LLC (www.creativemanagementpartners.com), a full service agency. In addition to associations with virtually every major television broadcast news and programming network in Corporate, Scripted and Unscripted (e.g. Disney ABC; Viacom CBS; Comcast NBC Universal, Time-Warner, HBO, Showtime, News America FOX, ESPN, Bravo, NatGEO, A&E, E, Pivot, Meredith Video Studios, OWN, LifeTime, MSNBC, CNBC, Discovery Communications, Time Inc., Coca Cola Entertainment, PepsiCo Entertainment, Google Inc); Mr. Morell has significant relationships in publishing and legitimate stage, foreign and domestic investment groups. In publishing, Mr. Morell's client authors "works", many of which are NY Times Best Selling Authors, have been bided out e.g. Publishers and his client Books to Film and Television; HarperCollins; iBooks, Hachette, St. Martin's Press, Grand Central, Rodale, Hay House, Simon & Schuster, Random House, William Morrow, Palgrave Macmillan, Penguin, Brick Tower Press et. al. Throughout his career, Mr. Morell created and/or managed more than 2,500 campaigns for talent and events globally within the disciplines of Sports (including the management of the "Legends and Masters of Tennis", which involved careers and campaigns of Rod Laver, Ken Rosewall, Bjorn Borg, John Newcombe, Illie Nastase, Bobby Riggs and Billie Jean King; "Masters of Hockey" with Phil Esposito and Bobby Orr; "Stars on Ice" with Scott Hamilton; "World Series of Golf" with Arnold Palmer; Entertainment (including management of the campaigns of Liberace, Henny Youngman, "Jilly Rizzo's Rat Pack Tour" featuring Frank Sinatra, & Dean Martin, Pro-Celebrity campaigns with Charlton Heston, Gene Wilder, Gene Hackman and the Arts (including the management of campaigns for Bill Cosby, Bobby Short, opera "Aida", "Madame Butterfly" and the London Symphony Orchestra; Gaming campaigns for Riviera, Bellagio, The Mirage, Flamingo, Las Vegas Hilton, Trump Atlantic City, Monte Carlo S. B. M. Hotels, Casinos. Mr. Morell served as the Executive Producer, hired by the Vatican DOB for the "Visit of Pope John Paul II to New York. Mr. Morell was engaged by Jay Coleman, for Commercial Representation of "The Rolling Stones 50th Anniversary Tour". Served as Commercial Sponsorship Advisor to President Ronald Reagan and President Bill Clinton inaugurals. As Director and Chief Executive Officer of CatalystOne, Inc. (software company), was responsible for that company's sale of software to the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) for the USVA sector. Recently in 2016, Mr. Morell represented Gov. Gary E. Johnson, Libertarian Candidate for President of the United States for Gov. Johnson book COMMON SENSE FOR THE COMMON GOOD by HarperCollins and the sales of his Audio Book to imprint Broadside. At THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY: Creative Management Partners, Mr. Morell's client list ranges from select individuals in Literary; Broadcast; Sports, Entertainment, the Arts, to Global Corporations. Mr. Morell is the leading Agent with Doctors in Literary and Broadcast, Fortune 500 Companies e.g. Bob Arnot MD: "Aztec Diet" HarperCollins NY Times Best Seller; NBC; Campaigns: Google Health, General Mills, Pfizer; John Whyte MD: "Is this Normal" by Rodale Press"; Discovery Communications; Campaigns: Johnson & Johnson; Lily); Vijay Vad MD: "Stop Pain" Hay House; Alan Xenakis MD: "Heart Truth" CBS; Eric Fisher PhD: "Eddie and the Emoticons"; CNN; Jingdaun Yang MD: "Facing East" Designer Norma Kamali, HarperCollins,; Christine Dumas Phd: "Today Show"; Giovanni Campaniele, MD "Sicilian Diet"; Alexis Abramson PhD: (CNN); Julio Gallo MD: Dr. Gallo & Co. Frogwater Media; Dr. Aaron Spitz "The Penis Book"; Dr. Stephen T. Greenberg "Plan B"; Dr. Rocco Monto "The Fountain: How 60 is the new 30", Rodale Books; "The Sainted" by Michael Medico J. Boylston & Company. In literary, (books to TV and Film Packaging, as well as Shopping Channels for commercial products). In the corporate sector, Mr. Morell consulting corporate relationships (include advising start up small cap CEOs and Board of Directors, incubation companies for exit to Fortune 500 companies via strategic partnerships, bid-out, mergers and buy out strategy) e.g. TREN, The 24 Hour Real Estate Network; NETCAST; Home and Kitchen Network LLC; Pfizer, Premier Model Management, D'Alessio Law Group, EB5 Studio, Premier Mission, ICBII; New Cells Sciences; ProGena Cell. Panther Biotech, Central Europe Genomics Center (CEGC); Private Access; PepsiCo, General Mills, NBC, and Google. Mr. Morell represents fiction and non-fiction Authors works to Publishers and for Film and Television Networks (which are featured exclusively on NETCAST, Creative Management Partners network) e.g. "Aztec Diet" by Dr. Bob Arnot, HarperCollins; New York Times Best Seller; Alan Trustman: The Thomas Crown Affair, Bullitt, and They Call Me Mr. Tibbs!, "Judas, "His Brother Keeps Her; Chasing The Ghost: The Life and Times of Charles The Ghost Kennedy by Bill Malinowski; "Escape From Plauen" by Renate Stoever iBooks to Solaris Entertainment for film; "Frankie Avalon Italian Family Cook Book" by Frankie Avalon, St. Martin's Press; Clio Award winning Producer, Director Richard D'Alessio for projects with Micromax Canvas Turbo with Hugh Jackman; "Jerry Seinfeld for American Express"; "Jay Leno for Jay Leno's Garage"; "God and Man on Wall Street" by CNBC Craig Columbus Brick Tower Press; "Man on the Eat" with Chef Michael Love, Frogwater Media, Zodiak for Food Network; Emmy Award Producer Mike Morris "Dinners Drive'In's and Dives' Food Network; Emmy nominated actor Thaao Penghlis, "Day of Our Lives" NBC; "Stop Pain" by Dr. Vijay Vad, Hay House Publisher; PBS Pledge Special; "Hazel's Masquerade" by Sarah Trautvetter, Milk and Cookies Publisher; "Is This Normal" by Dr. John Whyte, Rodale Publisher, Discovery Channel; "Salvage Chef" by Chef Michael Love, Skyhorse Publishing; "The Art of Empowered Parenting"; Eric Fisher, PhD, CNN "Tower of Thieves" AIG by Andrew Spencer, J. Boylston & Company; "Bear Trap" Fall of Bear Sterns by Andrew Spencer, Brick Tower Press; "The Greek Diet" by Maria Loi and Sarah Tolland, William Morrow; "Finding the SuperModel in You by Claudia Mason, Skyhorse Publishing; "U-Boats in the Bahamas and Turks & Caicos" by Eric T. Wiberg, Brick Tower Press; "Eddie and the Emoticons" by Eric Fisher PhD, Milk and Cookies "Being Uncle Charlie", Bobby Deasy Story: Random House; "Seducing Celebrities One Meal at a time" by Thaao Penghlis Brick Tower Press; "U. S. Immigration A-Z" by Lorraine D'Alessio Esq, IBooks; "Lose Your Heart, Not Your Mind: The Smart Women's Guide to Marriage by Aliette H. Carolan, Esq.; "Ready, Set...Risk!" by Daniella Levitt, J. Boylston & Co.; "Drink Right" by Dr. Bob Arnot, HarperCollins William Morrow; "The Oxygen Plan" by Eric Lucas iBOOKS; "Exposing the Wall Street Boys' Club" by James Goldberg, with Danny Espinosa, Esq.; "Chefs Run Wild", Frogwater Media Inc, Tim Troke, IMG Distribution, NatGeo; "Escape From Plauen" optioned for film Solaris Entertainment; "she effin hates me" by Scarlett Savage, Skyhorse Publishing, Optioned for Legitimate theatre. "Osceola's Revenge": Phenomena of Indian Gaming by Gary Green. Gemini Award nominated and Primetime Emmy Award nominated voice performer Dwayne Hill: "Cat" in the PBS anchored "Peg + Cat". "Venus Prime" rights held J. Boylston and Company Option to Purchase to Low Spark Films; "The Secret": The Treasure Hunt Motion Picture TV Media Rights held by iBooks to Claxson Interactive Group. Mr. Morell has a rich history with Broadway, where he served as the Executive Producer of the Broadway shows "The Boys Next Door" and "I Never Sang For My Father", as well as the commercial rights agent for "The Buddy Holly Story", "Into the Woods", "M. Butterfly" and "Meet Me In St. Louis". Mr. Morell was the first executive to bring naming rights to the Great White Way, with the branding and sponsorship of Philip Morris International. Mr. Morell supports the humanitarian efforts of Darfur; Clinton Foundation, Haiti Relief; Sconset Trust; MSPCA; serves on the Board of Leadership for Mass General Hospital and is a graduate of the University of Florida. Mr. Morell's book "Social Media: Rebranding Outside the Clutter" (working title) will be released in fall 2017 by iBooks. www.creativemanagementpartners.com Contact Information THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY 508-292-7900 Creative Management Partners LLC 433 North Camden Drive, 6th Floor Beverly Hills, Ca. 90210 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Creative Management Partners LLC From this industry Media and Entertainment From this sub-industry Books and Publishing Movies/Music Videos Music and Radio Television See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney Google's man-versus-machine showdown blocked in China by Sherisse Pham and Serenitie Wang   @CNNMoney May 24, 2017: 5:56 AM ET How doodles help Google improve AI Even with a win, Google still loses in China. Google artificial intelligence unit DeepMind teamed up with Chinese authorities to hold a five-day festival in the country this week focused on the ancient game of Go. The centerpiece of the event is a three-game contest pitting a DeepMind computer program against China's world Go champion, Ke Jie -- all of it livestreamed on Google's YouTube. Just one problem: Chinese Go fans couldn't watch the first game on Tuesday because the YouTube livestream was blocked in China. DeepMind's AlphaGo program won by just half a point. World Go champion, Ke Jie of China, takes on DeepMind's computer program AlphaGo. Major Chinese news websites were prepared to livestream the game, but the plans were suddenly canceled, according to people with knowledge of the plans who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter. The reasons for the cancellations weren't immediately clear. The websites -- Sohu and Netease -- didn't immediately respond to requests for comment. Neither did China's main internet regulator. Related: 11 things that are banned in China YouTube has been blocked in China since 2009. Google (GOOGL, Tech30) was blocked a year later after the tech giant refused to censor Chinese-language search results. Go fans in China, the birthplace of the game, were confused and frustrated by the unavailability of livestreams of the big game Tuesday. Yuki Li used a virtual private network, or VPN, to get around China's censorship and watch the game on YouTube. She saw the huge display in the background had the Google logo sandwiched between the words "Chinese Go Association" and "Zhejiang Province Sports Administration." The summit is being held in Wuzhen, a city in the eastern province of Zhejiang. "Clearly it's a government sanctioned event," Li said. Related: Google uses AI to help diagnose breast cancer China blocking the livestream of a board game illustrates the challenges international tech companies are up against in the world's most populous nation. Google has made no secret of its desire to get back into China, and the Go event was the company's latest charm offensive. Eric Schmidt -- the executive chairman of Google's parent company, Alphabet (GOOGL, Tech30) -- even traveled to Wuzhen to kick off the event alongside Chinese government officials. Google and DeepMind didn't immediately respond to requests for comment on the censorship of the Go game. Related: China fortifies Great Firewall with crackdown on VPNs But for companies that don't comply with the country's strict censorship laws, there appears to be little wiggle room. Even as Google cooperates with the government to showcase a 3,000-year-old Chinese game and a Chinese world champion, China still censors it. The next match between AlphaGo and Ke takes place Thursday. The DeepMind program made headlines around the world last year when it beat Lee Se-dol, the dominant Go player of the past decade in a best-of-five series in South Korea. CNNMoney (Hong Kong) First published May 24, 2017: 5:56 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending GOP candidate charged after allegedly 'body slamming' reporter I voted for Trump. Now he wants to cut the aid I need Americans gave up half of their vacation days last year Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Pay no interest until July 2018 with this card $200 just for using this credit card Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived NerdWallet Paid Partner Looking for a low-interest loan? Check out our review of Prosper. The search is over. We found the best stock brokers for online trading. How much do you need to retire? Use this calculator to find out Current mortgage rates can't be beat. Get the best rate with our tool Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved.AdChoices.
Latest News Dow 21,012 +74.51 +0.36% Nasdaq 6,163 +24.31 +0.40% S&P 500 2,404 +5.97 +0.25% 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.4% higher at 12,693.37 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.4% higher at 5,365.70 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% higher at 7,529.94 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 393.01 2:31 A.M. ET United Utilities profit rises; ups total dividends 2:30 A.M. ET Tate & Lyle 2017 pretax profit rises 85% 2:30 A.M. ET B&M full-year profit up 18%; lifts U.K. store goal 2:29 A.M. ET Halfords 2017 profit falls on pound's slide 2:23 A.M. ET Crude prices extend gains, with WTI up 47 cents, or 0.9%, to $51.83 a barrel 2:23 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures rise 23.5 points, or 0.4%, to 5,754.75 2:23 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures up 9.35 points or 0.4%, to 2,411.25 2:22 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 94 points, or 0.45%, to 21,079 2:17 A.M. ET Updated Forget Paris, these are the European spots you should visit this summer 2:03 A.M. ET Montana GOP candidate charged with assault after allegedly body slamming a reporter 1:25 A.M. ET Asia stocks higher; South Korea shares soar as interest rates hold steady 1:06 A.M. ET Oil reverses some losses as investors get ready for OPEC meeting 12:59 A.M. ET Lenovo Group net profit falls 41% 12:01 A.M. ET Here’s the latest proof that marriage is dying 5/24 Take It to the Bank: First Australians Create New IDs 5/24 Updated Here’s how Trump wants to change the way you repay student loans Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release 2017 First Quarter Broadcast Television Film News: Announcing Creative Management Partners Agent Alan Morell Client Options Works Sold By Published: May 24, 2017 10:00 a.m. ET Share BEVERLY HILLS, CA, May 24, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- BEVERLY HILLS, CA--(Marketwired - May 24, 2017) - Announced today, 2017 First Quarter Broadcast Film News: THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY: Creative Management Partners Announces Agent Alan Morell represented the negotiations and sale of Options Development of Author Book works for Film Festivals, Television and Film: "Escape from Plauen" to Film Festivals https://vimeo.com/203600586 PW: plauen "Venus Prime" to Claxson Interactive Group "The Secret" to "Circle the Globe Productions" part of "Expedition Unknown" Scripps Networks Interactive "Robots In Time" to Keller Entertainment Group, Inc. "Trading Up Fashion" to EUE/Sokolow "Eddie and the Emoticons" to Frogwater Media "Casino Rescue" to Gary Green Gaming "State of the Art Series" Honest Owl Works About Alan Morell: Mr. Alan Morell, Chairman and CEO, THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY: Creative Management Partners LLC, has 30 years of global experience in the successful development and management of talent, literary, TV and film packaging, commercial rights, corporate consulting, media positioning, sponsorship of live events and intellectual property (IP) rights. Mr. Morell is one of the few in the sports, entertainment and the arts industries, who has represented and managed clients, that have won the prestigious awards: Grammy; Tony; Oscar; Emmy, ESPY, Victors and NY Times Best Selling Authors. Mr. Morell began his career with International Management Group (IMG), where he served in a variety of executive offices including Corporate Vice President, (Executive of Talent, Commercial Rights, TV Packaging, Marquee Hospitality and Mergers & Acquisitions for Eastern and Western Hemispheres) serving corporate disciplines of global synergy within IMG diverse profit centers (International Management Inc.; International Merchandising Corp; Fashion Art Licensing; Trans World International). Mr. Morell currently serves as Chairman and CEO of THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY, Creative Management Partners LLC (www.creativemanagementpartners.com), a full service agency. In addition to associations with virtually every major television broadcast news and programming network in Corporate, Scripted and Unscripted (e.g. Disney ABC; Viacom CBS; Comcast NBC Universal, Time-Warner, HBO, Showtime, News America FOX, ESPN, Bravo, NatGEO, A&E, E, Pivot, Meredith Video Studios, OWN, LifeTime, MSNBC, CNBC, Discovery Communications, Time Inc., Coca Cola Entertainment, PepsiCo Entertainment, Google Inc); Mr. Morell has significant relationships in publishing and legitimate stage, foreign and domestic investment groups. In publishing, Mr. Morell's client authors "works", many of which are NY Times Best Selling Authors, have been bided out e.g. Publishers and his client Books to Film and Television; HarperCollins; iBooks, Hachette, St. Martin's Press, Grand Central, Rodale, Hay House, Simon & Schuster, Random House, William Morrow, Palgrave Macmillan, Penguin, Brick Tower Press et. al. Throughout his career, Mr. Morell created and/or managed more than 2,500 campaigns for talent and events globally within the disciplines of Sports (including the management of the "Legends and Masters of Tennis", which involved careers and campaigns of Rod Laver, Ken Rosewall, Bjorn Borg, John Newcombe, Illie Nastase, Bobby Riggs and Billie Jean King; "Masters of Hockey" with Phil Esposito and Bobby Orr; "Stars on Ice" with Scott Hamilton; "World Series of Golf" with Arnold Palmer; Entertainment (including management of the campaigns of Liberace, Henny Youngman, "Jilly Rizzo's Rat Pack Tour" featuring Frank Sinatra, & Dean Martin, Pro-Celebrity campaigns with Charlton Heston, Gene Wilder, Gene Hackman and the Arts (including the management of campaigns for Bill Cosby, Bobby Short, opera "Aida", "Madame Butterfly" and the London Symphony Orchestra; Gaming campaigns for Riviera, Bellagio, The Mirage, Flamingo, Las Vegas Hilton, Trump Atlantic City, Monte Carlo S. B. M. Hotels, Casinos. Mr. Morell served as the Executive Producer, hired by the Vatican DOB for the "Visit of Pope John Paul II to New York. Mr. Morell was engaged by Jay Coleman, for Commercial Representation of "The Rolling Stones 50th Anniversary Tour". Served as Commercial Sponsorship Advisor to President Ronald Reagan and President Bill Clinton inaugurals. As Director and Chief Executive Officer of CatalystOne, Inc. (software company), was responsible for that company's sale of software to the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) for the USVA sector. Recently in 2016, Mr. Morell represented Gov. Gary E. Johnson, Libertarian Candidate for President of the United States for Gov. Johnson book COMMON SENSE FOR THE COMMON GOOD by HarperCollins and the sales of his Audio Book to imprint Broadside. At THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY: Creative Management Partners, Mr. Morell's client list ranges from select individuals in Literary; Broadcast; Sports, Entertainment, the Arts, to Global Corporations. Mr. Morell is the leading Agent with Doctors in Literary and Broadcast, Fortune 500 Companies e.g. Bob Arnot MD: "Aztec Diet" HarperCollins NY Times Best Seller; NBC; Campaigns: Google Health, General Mills, Pfizer; John Whyte MD: "Is this Normal" by Rodale Press"; Discovery Communications; Campaigns: Johnson & Johnson; Lily); Vijay Vad MD: "Stop Pain" Hay House; Alan Xenakis MD: "Heart Truth" CBS; Eric Fisher PhD: "Eddie and the Emoticons"; CNN; Jingdaun Yang MD: "Facing East" Designer Norma Kamali, HarperCollins,; Christine Dumas Phd: "Today Show"; Giovanni Campaniele, MD "Sicilian Diet"; Alexis Abramson PhD: (CNN); Julio Gallo MD: Dr. Gallo & Co. Frogwater Media; Dr. Aaron Spitz "The Penis Book"; Dr. Stephen T. Greenberg "Plan B"; Dr. Rocco Monto "The Fountain: How 60 is the new 30", Rodale Books; "The Sainted" by Michael Medico J. Boylston & Company. In literary, (books to TV and Film Packaging, as well as Shopping Channels for commercial products). In the corporate sector, Mr. Morell consulting corporate relationships (include advising start up small cap CEOs and Board of Directors, incubation companies for exit to Fortune 500 companies via strategic partnerships, bid-out, mergers and buy out strategy) e.g. TREN, The 24 Hour Real Estate Network; NETCAST; Home and Kitchen Network LLC; Pfizer, Premier Model Management, D'Alessio Law Group, EB5 Studio, Premier Mission, ICBII; New Cells Sciences; ProGena Cell. Panther Biotech, Central Europe Genomics Center (CEGC); Private Access; PepsiCo, General Mills, NBC, and Google. Mr. Morell represents fiction and non-fiction Authors works to Publishers and for Film and Television Networks (which are featured exclusively on NETCAST, Creative Management Partners network) e.g. "Aztec Diet" by Dr. Bob Arnot, HarperCollins; New York Times Best Seller; Alan Trustman: The Thomas Crown Affair, Bullitt, and They Call Me Mr. Tibbs!, "Judas, "His Brother Keeps Her; Chasing The Ghost: The Life and Times of Charles The Ghost Kennedy by Bill Malinowski; "Escape From Plauen" by Renate Stoever iBooks to Solaris Entertainment for film; "Frankie Avalon Italian Family Cook Book" by Frankie Avalon, St. Martin's Press; Clio Award winning Producer, Director Richard D'Alessio for projects with Micromax Canvas Turbo with Hugh Jackman; "Jerry Seinfeld for American Express"; "Jay Leno for Jay Leno's Garage"; "God and Man on Wall Street" by CNBC Craig Columbus Brick Tower Press; "Man on the Eat" with Chef Michael Love, Frogwater Media, Zodiak for Food Network; Emmy Award Producer Mike Morris "Dinners Drive'In's and Dives' Food Network; Emmy nominated actor Thaao Penghlis, "Day of Our Lives" NBC; "Stop Pain" by Dr. Vijay Vad, Hay House Publisher; PBS Pledge Special; "Hazel's Masquerade" by Sarah Trautvetter, Milk and Cookies Publisher; "Is This Normal" by Dr. John Whyte, Rodale Publisher, Discovery Channel; "Salvage Chef" by Chef Michael Love, Skyhorse Publishing; "The Art of Empowered Parenting"; Eric Fisher, PhD, CNN "Tower of Thieves" AIG by Andrew Spencer, J. Boylston & Company; "Bear Trap" Fall of Bear Sterns by Andrew Spencer, Brick Tower Press; "The Greek Diet" by Maria Loi and Sarah Tolland, William Morrow; "Finding the SuperModel in You by Claudia Mason, Skyhorse Publishing; "U-Boats in the Bahamas and Turks & Caicos" by Eric T. Wiberg, Brick Tower Press; "Eddie and the Emoticons" by Eric Fisher PhD, Milk and Cookies "Being Uncle Charlie", Bobby Deasy Story: Random House; "Seducing Celebrities One Meal at a time" by Thaao Penghlis Brick Tower Press; "U. S. Immigration A-Z" by Lorraine D'Alessio Esq, IBooks; "Lose Your Heart, Not Your Mind: The Smart Women's Guide to Marriage by Aliette H. Carolan, Esq.; "Ready, Set...Risk!" by Daniella Levitt, J. Boylston & Co.; "Drink Right" by Dr. Bob Arnot, HarperCollins William Morrow; "The Oxygen Plan" by Eric Lucas iBOOKS; "Exposing the Wall Street Boys' Club" by James Goldberg, with Danny Espinosa, Esq.; "Chefs Run Wild", Frogwater Media Inc, Tim Troke, IMG Distribution, NatGeo; "Escape From Plauen" optioned for film Solaris Entertainment; "she effin hates me" by Scarlett Savage, Skyhorse Publishing, Optioned for Legitimate theatre. "Osceola's Revenge": Phenomena of Indian Gaming by Gary Green. Gemini Award nominated and Primetime Emmy Award nominated voice performer Dwayne Hill: "Cat" in the PBS anchored "Peg + Cat". "Venus Prime" rights held J. Boylston and Company Option to Purchase to Low Spark Films; "The Secret": The Treasure Hunt Motion Picture TV Media Rights held by iBooks to Claxson Interactive Group. Mr. Morell has a rich history with Broadway, where he served as the Executive Producer of the Broadway shows "The Boys Next Door" and "I Never Sang For My Father", as well as the commercial rights agent for "The Buddy Holly Story", "Into the Woods", "M. Butterfly" and "Meet Me In St. Louis". Mr. Morell was the first executive to bring naming rights to the Great White Way, with the branding and sponsorship of Philip Morris International. Mr. Morell supports the humanitarian efforts of Darfur; Clinton Foundation, Haiti Relief; Sconset Trust; MSPCA; serves on the Board of Leadership for Mass General Hospital and is a graduate of the University of Florida. Mr. Morell's book "Social Media: Rebranding Outside the Clutter" (working title) will be released in fall 2017 by iBooks. www.creativemanagementpartners.com THE CREATIVE MANAGEMENT AGENCY 508-292-7900 Creative Management Partners LLC 433 North Camden Drive, 6th Floor Beverly Hills, Ca. 90210 � 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. From MarketWatch More Coverage This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba The ‘Flintstone House’ outside of San Francisco has finally found a buyer after two years Bitcoin is up over 400% in the past year—what’s stopping it from going mainstream? Most Popular The many failures of Elon Musk, captured in one giant infographic Three reasons to fear the coming crash in bitcoins The stock market should be more worried about the hard economic data Bitcoin is up over 400% in the past year—what’s stopping it from going mainstream? What to do in your 40s to retire a millionaire MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Phone v10 enables post-call messages for failed calls, prepares for enhanced incoming calls on RCS and voicemail backup [APK Teardown + Download] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/05/23 1:19pm PDTMay 23, 2017 54 Plus 1 on G+ 108 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares216 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 What's New 1.1 Post-call messages 2 Teardown 2.1 RCS Calling 2.2 Voicemail Backup 3 Download With the dust settling after the deluge caused by I/O 2017, it's time to take a closer look at some of the many other things that came with out last week. Some interesting changes came with a brand new version of the Google Phone app included with Android O Developer Preview 2. There's a new prompt suggesting users send a message after a call fails to connect. A deep dive into the apk also turned up signs that Google is working on new RCS calling features and preparing some kind of backup option for voicemail. What's New Unofficial Changelog: (the stuff we found) Post-call messaging Post-call messages Earlier this month, a teardown of of v9 provided a good hint that the Phone app would begin showing suggestions for messages to send after completing a call. With v10, that feature is now live, but not quite as functional as previously expected. Left: snackbar prompt. Right: new message screen. The post-call messaging feature appears as a snackbar prompt asking why you called, to which you can send a message. The prompt only appears after attempting a call that fails without making a connection. To be specific, the prompt won't show up if you hang up, a voicemail service answers, or anything else occurs that would be considered a connection. Basically, if you hear a sound indicating the other end is ringing, any outcome from that point on is probably not going to trigger the prompt. You're most likely to see this prompt in an area where cellular reception isn't good enough to establish a voice call, but you can also force it to show up by trying to make a call while airplane mode is active. Otherwise, it's probably not going to turn up anywhere else. If you opt to send a message, you'll be taken to a screen with a message box and three pre-written messages with different levels of urgency. Tapping a message will put it into the textbox below, but you can continue to make edits before sending. The exact text of the prompt seems to be a mismatch for the current functionality, which left us wondering if this feature is also intended to work in other scenarios like when the call is redirected to voicemail or disconnects within a second of being picked up. Perhaps this is just the first step and other use cases will be handled in the future. In the meantime, this actually might be handy if you're in the middle of nowhere and staring at a single signal bar with no hope of making a call. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. RCS Calling It's no secret that Google is working to add fairly extensive RCS support to both its Phone app and Android Messages. Now it's just a matter of which features are going to be added and when we'll get to use some them. This update to the Phone app gives us a bit more insight into some new rich calling features that we'll soon have at our disposal. A stack of new notification strings reveal that Google's developers are currently working on supporting incoming calls with additional data. At this time, it's clear calls can include a location, photo, message, or any combination of those. One line also mentions "attachments," which may suggest other types of data are supported, but not necessarily known in advance. This would make sense for things like URLs or specially crafted data packets can be handed off between other apps. It's also worth noting that these strings are split up for regular and "important" calls, which lines up with the commonly known feature allowing callers to indicate a degree of urgency. code <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_attachments">Important incoming call with attachments</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_location">Important incoming call with location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_message">Important incoming call with message</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_message_location">Important incoming call with message and location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo">Important incoming call with photo</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_location">Important incoming call with photo and location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message">Important incoming call with photo and message</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message_location">Important incoming call with photo, message and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_attachments">Incoming call with attachments</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_location">Incoming call with location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_message">Incoming call with message</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_message_location">Incoming call with message and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo">Incoming call with photo</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_location">Incoming call with photo and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message">Incoming call with photo and message</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message_location">Incoming call with photo, message and location</string> It's not yet clear if attachments will be shown on the screen with incoming calls, but I think it's a pretty safe bet that they will be. After all, knowing there's a photo with the call isn't nearly as compelling as actually seeing it. This was part of the pitch for the Knock Knock feature when Google introduced the Duo app at last year's I/O keynote. The same certainly can be said about locations and messages, as well. So far, there doesn't appear to be an interface for callers to actually attach this type of data, so it's safe to say development is still ongoing. Seeing as most carriers are still stuck on very rudimentary implementations of RCS and intra-network compatibility is moving at a sloth-like pace, I'm sure Google will have this done long before any of us would get to use it. Voicemail Backup Are you the type of person that never deletes voicemails? This one might be for you. It seems that Google will begin asking users if they want to turn on "extra storage" when their voicemail inbox fills its capacity. This allows Google to "manage and backup your voicemail messages" to free up some space. code <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_almost_full_turn_archive_on_title">Turn on extra storage and backup</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_almost_full_turn_archive_on_message">Your mailbox is almost full. To free up space, turn on extra storage so Google can manage and backup your voicemail messages.</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_full_turn_archive_on_title">Turn on extra storage and backup</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_full_turn_archive_on_message">Your mailbox is full. To free up space, turn on extra storage so Google can manage and backup your voicemail messages.</string> <string name="voicemail_action_turn_archive_on">Turn on</string> <string name="voicemail_action_dimiss">No Thanks</string> At this point, I should say that there are a few different things this could be, and I'm at a loss for which one it is. For starters, this could be a new aspect for Project Fi subscribers and the included voicemail service. If so, it might mean Google intends to prompt people with a lot of saved voicemails to push the older ones into their Drive storage. It's a simple explanation, and might be an attempt to squeeze a few bucks out of people that never delete anything, but hardly seems necessary. Another possibility is that this only relates to the voicemails downloaded and stored on your phone, which means it's just a basic housekeeping feature to keep unnecessary audio files out of your local storage or expand the quota to allow for more. I tend to doubt this is the explanation because the text doesn't really line up with that purpose and it seems like the type of thing that should happen automatically, users shouldn't even need to be prompted. Finally, I'm going to take the opportunity to speculate about something a little crazy. Perhaps this is intended for the voicemail service provided by other carriers. If this is the case, I imagine the phone app might detect your voicemail is nearing capacity and offers to manage backups of it. If the user agrees, Google will connect to that provider's voicemail and proceed to back up all of the messages to Drive for the user, then delete them to free up space. Again, this is massively speculative and feels like a long shot... But it's also the type of weirdly cool feature Google occasionally comes up with. There's not much else to go on with this, but it's entirely possible this feature / warning / error message is already live. It may only show up for users connecting to a specific carrier or with special circumstances that aren't very predictable. I'm not really the right person to test it since I only have three voicemails saved, but perhaps readers with a larger backlog will have something to add to this. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 10.0.153781772 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Phone Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app download downloads google phone google phone app messages phone rcs rcs calling teardown voicemail subscribe ... Previous Story The latest SwiftKey beta adds support for Cantonese and other new typing languages, plus more ... ... Next Story Pinterest adds new features for recipe discovery, filters, and recommendations Trending 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Pedram Haghzaban I posted this here couple days ago, but somebody said this feature has been in the google phone for a while. Carson Saldanha They were mistaken. Artem Russakovskii Which feature specifically? Pedram Haghzaban This post-call messages for failed calls Duder12 Voicemail features will never matter since carriers don't allow them in the US. Prop Dad I use this app for VM. What features don't matter? Richard Riker strange. minsdk is 23, target is 25. Won't install on N (app is not compatible) even when i'm running v9 already. Any dependancy update needed? because no problem with clock from the preview Carson Saldanha Just to confirm, you're trying to sideload it on a Nexus/Pixel device, right? Artem Russakovskii Are you on arm64? Richard Riker uh...totally overseen that. Corey Kinard Is there any way auto post-call spam messages, sent from (detected) spam callers, could be auto blocked and deleted the same way they plan on doing with the verification codes? Rudresh Is this ever coming to non-Nexel devices? Anand Use the patched version from XDA, will work on all droids. https://forum.xda-developers.com/android/apps-games/app-google-dialer-t3557412 Gailjrobinson Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sv134c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sv134c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs424MarketFishGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sv134c:....,........ John Unfortunately, many features don't work on the patched version. There are older official versions available for non-Nexus devices at apkmirror. Version 9.something is the latest. We will likely never see an official version. Previous official versions that work on non-Nexus phones were mistakes that were pulled. Samsung and others modify their dialers so that Google Phone doesn't work well unless the stock apps are disabled which may require root. Carlos Rodríguez Midly related, but SMS backups are coming to Nexus devices on O. If you toggle the switch of and on in Settings > System > Backup, a new option for SMS backup appears, just like on the Pixel. Cheers! Lynxy Dear lord, you're right! I'll try to test that the next time I reset the phone while on O. Alex I don't see that option. Nexus 6P in the UK. Latest O version. Carlos Rodríguez In phone settings > system > backup, turn off the switch for backup in Google Drive, then turn it back on. You'll see the SMS backup like on the Pixel. Fayas Android O on Nexus 5X. can't see that option to backup SMS. Carlos Rodríguez It only appeared for me when I turned backup off and on. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6e53aa283e8271597b15df245154ecc06126d368853b89fa516c6076dbf49ac2.jpg James Well according to Google's implementation of the omtp visual voicemail standard (https://source.android.com/devices/tech/config/voicemail) it's vvm client "Fetches details of voicemail quota (total mailbox size and occupied size)" from the carrier so it's probably for carriers that have implemented the stock omtp vvm standard like t-mobile. James Briano Tangentially related: Anyone else getting errors with the phone app on Dev Preview 2? App keeps crashing when I have an incoming call. Nexus 6P. Cody Toombs I haven't put the SIM card into my 6P for more than a couple of minutes since the developer previews started going on there, so I can't comment to that exact scenario, but it has been working perfectly on my Pixel running 7.1.2. I've had pretty regular issues with Google apps crashing on DP1 and DP2. It may be a coincidence, but it seems especially bad for any app that uses hardware components like GPS and cellular radio. I'm not complaining since we all should know the deal with bleeding edge releases, but I think the O developer previews have been the buggiest I've used since Google started with KitKat. Andy J "It's not yet clear if attachments will be shown on the screen with incoming calls, but I think it's a pretty safe bet that they will be." Yes - yes it is. All the stuff people are left wondering about is covered in a LOT of depth in the Universal Profile spec - in this particular case, selecting a photo to be shown on the receivers screen when the phone call comes in - is specifically detailed in the spec. It's worth also being aware that as it's also specifically in the spec that the phone book must expose which contacts support Universal Profile - that I'd expect both the contacts app and the dialer app to be opened up to all devices on the Play Store before too much longer - otherwise only Messages supports RCS and people will have phones where they can't actually tell if they can make a video call or send someone a file (or their location) - all they can do is send them a message. mike shwilly Can i just have Swipe to Delete sms feature? Manikandan Guru Working fine on my OP3T. aRvInD Instead of this pretty useless idea, I wish Google places Redial button in same place. Which more people will find relevant and useful... hp-fourtwenty double tap the dial button to redial. tap it once to see the last number dialed. F4LL0U7 It's really frustrating that with all of these enhancements, there STILL isn't a way to use your Google Voice number by default instead of your carrier number. You can set the option to place all calls through GV, but if I try to send an SMS follow-up to a rejected call, or send an SMS through Assistant, it still uses the carrier number. James Donut In my country, I'm still waiting for the telecommunications companies to implement RCS Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $15 off purchases of $75 or more on eBay for today only 2017/05/24 3:35pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get a second-generation Amazon Echo Dot for only $40 ($10 off) 2017/05/24 10:00am PDTMay 24, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Grab an unlocked LG G5 for $299 from B&H ($230 off) and get a free LG 360 VR headset (worth $129) 2017/05/23 9:47am PDTMay 23, 2017 5 The new Humble Mobile Bundle has nine great platformers, including Never Alone: Ki Edition, for $5 2017/05/22 3:23pm PDTMay 22, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 15 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 38 Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 4 KONAMI's PES2017 Pro Evolution Soccer fast breaks onto the Play Store 2017/05/24 3:01pm PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Blast from the Past 35 1 Year Ago Today Google Is Preparing To Add The Raspberry Pi 3 To AOSP, It Will Apparently Become An Officially Supported Device 2016/05/24 2:21pm PDTMay 24, 2016 264 2 Years Ago Today An Exclusive Early Look At The New Google Photos App 2015/05/24 10:36am PDTMay 24, 2015 18 3 Years Ago Today ZeroLemon's 9500mAh Extended Battery For The LG G Pro 2 Is Now On Sale For $50 2014/05/24 4:39pm PDTMay 24, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Sci-Fighters, Judge Dredd: Countdown Sec 106, Race Illegal, Mensa Academy, And RE-VOLT Free 2013/05/24 7:11pm PDTMay 24, 2013 41 5 Years Ago Today Better Than Magic - Stick Your Phone To A Wall, Treadmill, Or... Ceiling With PU Pads From The Makers Of Capta 2012/05/24 5:09pm PDTMay 24, 2012 22 6 Years Ago Today HTC "Reviewing" Its Bootloader Policy - We'll Believe It When We See It 2011/05/24 5:16pm PDTMay 24, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today That Was Quick: EVO 4G’s Already Been Rooted 2010/05/24 4:09pm PDTMay 24, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 47 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 65 on-sale apps, plus the other 0.10 App of the Week 2017/05/24 9:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 8 Android O feature spotlight: The proxiomity sensor can turn off ambient display 2017/05/24 9:24pm PDTMay 24, 2017 19 Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 7 Days 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 167 The current Google Pixel/Pixel XL will support Project Treble, possibly meaning longer support 2017/05/18 8:03pm PDTMay 18, 2017 106 [Update: Keyboard can be selected as default] Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant 2017/05/18 4:58pm PDTMay 18, 2017 45 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 145 Redesigned Pixel Launcher makes early appearance at Google I/O 2017/05/18 6:12am PDTMay 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 76 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 91 T-Mobile announces spectacular attempt to steal Verizon customers by paying off their Pixel bills 2017/05/24 9:06am PDTMay 24, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.390s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google's Jamboard goes on sale as connected whiteboard market gets crowded What do the Google Jamboard, Cisco Spark Board and Microsoft Surface Hub have in common? They all expect you to live in and on their silos and stacks. By Larry Dignan for Between the Lines | May 23, 2017 -- 16:00 GMT (09:00 PDT) | Topic: Cloud Google has launched its Jamboard for $5,000 and the reviews are solid, but the technology buyer is likely to be a bit wary as Cisco and Microsoft play in the market. Simply put, Google's Jamboard is pretty neat for $5,000 and an enterprise or small business could justify the price based on cool factor as well as collaboration heft--especially if you're in Google's cloud anyway. Jamboard has its own tablet and phone app to make the Jamboard work and enhance G Suite connections. CNET's Scott Stein breaks it down in a review: I'd love to see it in my future office conference room, as long as someone else is footing the bill. Jamboard's main function is collaborative brainstorming done via whiteboard scribbling. The app throws together handwriting, freeform sketching, photos, clippings and group-created post-it-style ideas into a live workspace that can be used in the same room and over remote Google Hangouts. Fortunately for Stein, as well as other corporate users, the Jamboard is likely to be purchased by corporations and small businesses. And that's where things get sticky. These interactive whiteboards operate in silos and every vendor wants you (and your company) in one environment. To wit: Jamboard will run you $5,000 and a stand that costs $1,199 or $1,399. The catch is that you need to be in Google's world. Jamboard is a part of Google's G Suite and Hangouts. There aren't other options. Cisco has its Spark Board, a cloud connected digital whiteboard that leverages the company's Spark collaboration platform. The Spark Board can be used as projector, whiteboard and audio-video conferencing tool. Without the cloud, the Spark Board doesn't work, but it has more flexibility. Spark Board will run just under $5,000 and have a monthly subscription fee of $199. Spark Board also relies on an app to work properly. Microsoft Surface Hub started shipping in March and will go for $6,999 for a 55-inch version. Surface Hub has OneNote, Skype Business and Microsoft Office apps. Naturally, your collaboration efforts will revolve around Microsoft's stack. The Surface Hub can act more like a PC on the wall with a custom version of Windows 10. Here's what I'd like to see from Jamboard and the overall smart whiteboard market: Jamboard looks like a big toy. That approach is fine for an educational setting, but it doesn't scream corporate even for companies that run on G Suite. Google's big whiteboard should be able to run Android apps at some point. This move would allow a corporate user to screencast Office or other corporate apps. While whiteboard collaboration is one thing a simple dumb screen -- as well as more computing power -- may also come in handy. Now the world may not need a PC on the wall, but businesses may make use of a giant Chromebook or Android screen. Jamboard looks very first version. To that end, these silos aren't going to work well over time. Sure, vendors want lock-in, but need to interoperate. Ultimately, a Surface Hub, Jamboard and Spark Board should connect and share. Enterprises aren't going to live on one stack. Let the pilots determine where the market goes. Microsoft has said that Surface Hub demand was stronger than expected. Indeed, a large enterprise isn't going to sweat adding a few big screens for a pilot--especially when compared to the telepresence systems of yesteryear. Enterprises should try Jamboard, Surface Hub as well as Spark Board among other options. The use cases need to emerge. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud ​Back to the future: Converged infrastructure journey through the clouds Cloud Rackspace names Joe Eazor as new CEO Enterprise Software Ready for more Red Hat? RHEL 7.4 beta released Cloud Twilio launches API for mobile enterprise, customer conversations × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Menu Search Jump to the content Smashing Magazine Smashing Pages: Books Tickets Shop Email Newsletter Jobs About us / Impressum Categories: Coding Design Mobile Graphics UX Design WordPressWP X Search on Smashing Magazine Search X Books eBooks Tickets Shop Jobs RSS Facebook Twitter Newsletter Search on Smashing Magazine Search Coding CSS HTML JavaScript Techniques Design Web Design Responsive Typography Inspiration Mobile iPhone & iPad Android Design Patterns Graphics Photoshop Fireworks Wallpapers Freebies UX Design Usability User Experience UI Design E-Commerce WordPressWP Essentials Techniques Plugins Themes You know, we use ad-blockers as well. We gotta keep those servers running though. Did you know that we publish useful books and run friendly conferences — crafted for pros like yourself? E.g. our upcoming SmashingConf New York, dedicated to smart front-end techniques and design patterns. Make ‘Em Shine: How To Use Illustrations To Elicit Emotions By Blair Culbreth May 24th, 2017 Emotional DesignIllustrations 2 Comments As designers, we often use imagery that resonates with our audience. Yet, often we also end up with stock photos and generic icons that come across as mere decoration. Or we bypass imagery altogether. But custom images are a powerful design tool. They can tell a story and convey a distinct personality. Custom illustrations can be especially impactful. They can make our audience feel personally connected to an app or website, while being an integral part of the design. The use of illustrations on the web has become more popular than ever because of their unique ability to communicate content, to bring immediate warmth and humanity to a design, and to enhance our online experiences to make them feel more personal. Further Reading on SmashingMag: Link Why Should We Design Emotional Systems?1 How To Add A Personal Touch To Your Web Design2 When Typography Speaks Louder Than Words3 Not Just Pretty: Building Emotion Into Your Websites4 The Web! “Teacher, Mother, Secret Lover” Link It used to be enough for user interface elements to “look professional” or simply to “add polish” to a website. But in the past few years we’ve come to expect more personal interactions and stronger relationships with the apps we use and the websites we visit. Our relationship with the web has evolved dramatically over the past few years. It is a much more intimate relationship than it was before we had smartphones and tablets. Physically, the web is in our pockets. It’s on the couch. It’s in bed with us. As Tom Chatfield explains5, “[our phones] are the first thing we touch when we wake in the morning and the last thing we touch when we go to bed at night.” They’ve become extensions of ourselves6. Smart apps and websites take advantage of this personally connected feeling we have with our devices. For instance, Google already tailors your content to let you outsource things you used to have to actively remember. Want to know where you are, whom you’re meeting with today, when your next flight is, or what hotel you’ll be staying at after the flight? Google already knows. Google adjusts your search results, your calendar and your map to account for your personal details. Google is catching up in visual design to that same level of personalization and intimacy by using illustrations to cultivate a relationship that is more emotional, rather than just professional and polished. Deep Dive: Google Calendar Link For instance, the Google Calendar app (on iOS and Android) is a great example of a tool that is made to feel more personal and less mechanical and that makes our relationship with it more emotion-driven. The app could just show you a clean, simple calendar view. Instead, its unique illustrations bring warmth and a human touch to your calendar. First, each month has its own beautiful full illustration, by designer Lotta Nieminen7, bringing the digital calendar closer to the feeling of a traditional, graphic wall calendar. 8 (Image: Lotta Nieminen9) (View large version10) But going one step further, the app also shows illustrations by Maya Stepien11 that are tailored to your personal agenda. If you add a date for drinks, that event shows a lovely illustration of drinks. It can tell the difference between a dentist appointment and a hair appointment and automatically serves up the perfect illustration. Voila! A personalized experience. 12 Illustrations by Maya Stepien13 (Image: Google Calendar14) (View large version15) On a practical level, this use of illustrations enhances your experience by breaking up the wall of text listings you would otherwise be faced with. When you’re quickly scrolling, trying to find when exactly your dentist appointment next week is, an illustration will communicate “dentist!” faster than words could. So, you don’t have to slowly read every description as you scroll. On an emotional level, what could be a very dry calendar app feels like something a little more personal and unique. The organic texture and warm colors of the illustrations inject the app with humanity. No Time To Read Link Illustration brings visual interest and personality to design, but doesn’t photography do the same thing just as well? Not always, mainly because generic stock photography is often difficult to feel connected to. Studies such as Nielsen Norman Group’s 2010 eye-tracking study of photos as content16 have found most people don’t even look at stock photos. Specifically, we ignore photos that don’t add value or content to a page. By their very nature, stock photos are often decoration to fill out a design. Nielsen Norman Group’s eye-tracking study17 made clear how important relevance is to imagery. In one example, a college application page shows a generic photo of students next to important application info. The blue dots indicate the parts of the page that users looked at. The decorative photo was mostly ignored in favor of the more useful application information. 18 (Image: Nielsen Norman Group2119) Is the answer, then, to cut all imagery and have nothing but text on the page? Nope. Imagery is powerful when it means something or has some personality. In the same study, on a team page with photos of real team members, users were drawn to the profile photos, rather than the paragraph-long bios next to each name, because it was a faster way to become familiar with the team members. 20 (Image: Nielsen Norman Group2119) In this case, the images conveyed information. They were not just decoration around the content; they themselves were content. This also highlights a harsh reality of the web: We don’t read if we don’t have to. On an average page, users read only 28% of the text, according to another Nielsen Norman Group study22. We don’t read; we skim. What, then, are we looking at if we ignore stock photos and don’t read body text? We do read headlines and lists, as you could probably guess from the last time you fell into a Buzzfeed-reading black hole. We also look at relevant, meaningful images that convey content and inject personality. That’s why unique illustration and custom photography are more effective than stock photography. Deep Dive: Intercom Link A great example of a website that uses illustration as a supplement to written content is Intercom32292623. The website integrates Quentin Vijoux24’s illustrations on nearly every page. The graphics’ loose, whimsical style is memorable and endearing. Anthropomorphic giraffes and rhinos on a website promoting customer service tools are certainly a unique surprise. 25 (Image: Intercom32292623) (View large version27) The pictures demand your attention in a way the predictable imagery — generic photography of professional-looking people on phones and computers — could not. They are relevant to their respective headlines and copy. At a glance, you get a sense of the page’s written content without having to read anything. Copy even takes a backseat on some pages where the illustrations make the point. We see a story unfold in the image below, with a beginning, middle and end. It makes the same point as the headline but with more personality (and ice cream) and without the visitor having to read. 28 (Image: Intercom32292623) (View large version30) Callouts and featured text, even low-priority ones towards the bottom of the page, get their own unique images. They playfully illustrate and reinforce the message in the text. They support the content, rather than distract from it or decorate around it. 31 (Image: Intercom32292623) (View large version33) The quirky illustrations do several things for Intercom, beyond supporting content. They make the website immediately stand out from competitors’; other marketing websites may blur together, but you’re probably going to remember the one with the blue dogs in polo shirts. For a service about customer communication and support, the whimsical drawings make a perfect first impression. Intercom’s website is charming and personal; a potential customer is even more likely to feel that Intercom’s tools really would make their own customer communications more charming and personal. Finally, the illustrations put a face on Intercom’s intangible services. Visual metaphors such as shopping, sitting in a classroom and getting ice cream make services that exist only online suddenly concrete and relatable. Let’s look at other examples of illustration that solve this tricky issue and see why it’s become so common. “You Can’t Disappoint A Photo…” And You Can’t Always Relate To One Either Link The use of illustration can be more effective than photography on the web because the services we use and rely on have become more abstract. Many of the services and tools we use are very real to us and have real benefits but don’t exist in the real world. A photograph might be limiting when it comes to visualizing them and how they work. A photo can’t show Dropbox doing its Dropboxing thing, for example. Custom illustration, on the other hand, can communicate complex, abstract ideas in a way that’s easy to comprehend. 34 (Left image: Twitter35; right image: Evernote36) (View large version37) You can see how Twitter relied on illustration when it introduced Moments. And Evernote has used illustration extensively in the past to explain its service and the benefits of the service with charming visuals. Deep Dive: Dropbox Carousel Link The design of the now defunct Dropbox Carousel38 was an especially good example of using illustration to show something that photography couldn’t, while creating a connection with users. Dropbox Carousel was an app that created a gallery of all the photos and videos in a Dropbox user’s account. Even though it was an app all about photos, the design team relied on illustrations rather than photos to design and brand the app. As one of the designers, Alice Lee39, said about the decision to stay away from photography, “We realized a disjoint that users experience when they look at photographs that are of people that aren’t them — it is instantly unrelatable.” For example, the illustrations showed a collection of snapshots of two characters going from childhood to adulthood and marriage, and they followed users throughout the marketing website and the app itself. On the marketing website, the illustrations were animated and explained how Carousel worked. They gave users a clear, fun demo of the app that felt more like entertainment than exposition. The illustrations educated the user in an immediate, visual way that was easy to understand, even though the tool only existed in the abstract phone world. 40 (Image: Dropbox4441) (View large version42) Within the app itself, the same illustrations guided users through setup and filled the initial screens. So, the app never felt empty or broken, even before photos had been uploaded. 43 (Image: Dropbox4441) (View large version45) Carousel, as a result, had a unique personality and created a story around saving photos. We ended up feeling emotionally attached to a tool that essentially does the rather innocuous job of displaying our files. When You Gotta Use Stock… Link A good illustrator brings a sense of style that gives their work a distinct personality. That personality becomes a part of any design that uses the style. Generic stock photos, meanwhile, seem to be where personality goes to die. Take the two images below indicating growth: two stock images of a generic businessman and his ginormous line graph of success. Neither is earth-shatteringly exciting. However, the bright colors and clean, efficient lines of the illustration at least create a distinct tone that’s lacking in the photo. 46 (Left image: iStock47; right image: iStock48) (View large version49) Some Examples Of How We Have Added Illustration In Our Projects Link At Viget, I’m part of a team of designers who focus these days on creating meaningful illustrations and animations for internal and client-side projects wherever it makes sense. In some projects, this has meant small touches; in others, we’ve focused the design entirely on illustration. Here are a few things we’ve done recently and what we’ve learned along the way. Case Study: pow wow and the Power of a Cute Mascot Link Lovable, cute mascots are already ubiquitous. For a web-based company, especially, that has no tangible product that exists in the real world, a mascot grounds its brand and gives users something concrete to connect to. That connection has become a vital aspect for a lot of brands for which feeling professional and trusted is not enough — they want to be loved as well. When a mascot is well designed and carefully chosen, it can go a long way to communicating very quickly the core of what a company is. We designed and built pow wow50 as a tool for ourselves, but also for anyone who needs an easier way to coordinate appointments. In pow wow, you create a calendar with blocks of time when you’re available, then send it out to everyone you have a meeting with. They pick and choose from your available time blocks and add themselves to your schedule. We launched a rough beta version in 2013, and over the next three years, we found that early users seriously loved the tool. It made a part of their job that had been a hassle simple and fast. They were very verbal about how grateful they were. So, last year, when we rebuilt and redesigned pow wow, my priority for the new design was to create a brand that was worthy of the level of emotional connection that the tool had already garnered. pow wow is loved by its users; therefore, it should look and feel pretty lovable. And what’s more lovable than an adorable mascot? For pow wow, a border collie that, instead of herding sheep, “herds” your appointments is a perfect fit. On the website, pow wow (the pup) explains features, gives the tool a personal voice when it is needed and even dresses up to represent different target audiences. While pow wow (the tool) connects users to people they need to book appointments with, pow wow (the mascot) connects users emotionally to the app itself. 51 (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version53) What pow wow essentially does is straightforward but is still a bit of a mouthful to explain. On the original 2013 home page, we relied on long paragraphs of text and screenshots to do the explaining, which wasn’t great if you know that users read only 28% of that text. With this redesign, it was important to figure out how to convey what pow wow does immediately and visually, with little to no reading required. Simple illustrated elements and icons work with our new mascot and boil pow wow’s concept down to a few simple visuals. 54 (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version56) The new home page brings these simple illustrations to life with animations that explain what pow wow does, without having to show literal screenshots of the app in action. Without a word, you can start to see how pow wow works within your existing schedule. 57 (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version59) What we found through this redesign was that a single core idea ties everything together. The cute mascot, the bright pink color scheme, everything that is designed to feel personal and warm would ring hollow if there were nothing behind it. For this reason, we wrote brand guidelines60 (PDF) for ourselves, and with everything we designed, we kept this principle from the guidelines in mind: pow wow is a tool for making lives easier. It removes friction for its users and between people. It facilitates human connection. Meetings, appointments, interviews, catching up over coffee, are all a little more simple and joyful and a little less of a burden because of pow wow… Users connect to pow wow as much as they do their real-life appointment bookees. This is what gives purpose and meaning to the pow wow design. It creates a genuine emotional connection because it is designed not just with usability and functionality in mind, but also with a sense of the purpose it serves on a human level and how it makes life better. Case Study: Refrigerator Refresh Link At Viget, when we have downtime, we often get together to research and brainstorm on topics that interest us, and then we put our ideas and hypothetical solutions into one-page long-form explorations61. One such exploration that we heavily relied on illustration for is “Refrigerator Refresh: Designing for the Realities of the Home62.” The exploration looks at how smart products, particularly the refrigerator, are designed now, and it thinks through the possibilities on the horizon. It’s a great example of how just a moderate amount of illustration can seriously shape the tone of a design. A lot of content is on the page, and most of it pertains to solutions that don’t exist; we didn’t build a real-life smart fridge, so photos weren’t an option. Photo-realistic mockups were considered early on, but they felt lifeless and cold for a topic as personal as your kitchen. In the end, simple line drawings in soft colors were the perfect way to tie together research findings and editorial content and to illustrate hypothetical smart fridge features, all while feeling as homey and inviting as a real kitchen. In this project, illustrations mostly supplement the written content, making it quick and easy for viewers to get the point without having to read every word. 63 (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version65) But halfway down the page, where we write in detail about future concepts and ideas — things that don’t yet exist, basically — the illustrations become important. At this point, the illustrated fridge isn’t tacked on; it’s a key part of the layout. Simple animations move elements around on a fridge, creating visuals in the left column that demonstrate the ideas being written about in the right. The reader doesn’t have to rely on their imagination; they can see the concepts in action immediately. 66 (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version68) The result is a page that transforms what is essentially an essay into a full-on experience, one that feels like a warm, lively kitchen, thanks to the soft colors, simple illustration style and prominent animations. More importantly, the illustrations mean something and rise above mere decoration. They make the content more memorable and faster to read and make the ideas presented easier to comprehend. Case Study: Know Lupus Link Finally, on the heavily illustrated end of the spectrum is a project Viget worked on with the Lupus Foundation of America. We designed and built Know Lupus69, a small website that ties into the foundation’s larger campaign for lupus awareness month to promote lupus education. Our mission was to turn dry, clinical and often unpleasant facts about lupus into a game that people would be entertained by and would want to share with others. And we wanted to educate people and present the facts in a way that would stick in the viewers’ minds. We decided to make a card game that tests the user’s knowledge of lupus, while educating them with new information. The card format gave us a lot of opportunities to tie in a lot of illustration and immersive animation, to create a full experience that feels fun and interactive. 70 (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version72) The illustrations in the Know Lupus card game presented a unique challenge. On the one hand, the tone of the game is meant to be fun and enjoyable — cute even! We wanted the user to want to keep playing this game through all three of its levels. So, lighthearted and adorable were high priorities. 73 Lighthearted? Check. (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version75) On the other hand, the game raises awareness about a serious, incurable disease. The facts you learn through the game are all very medical, technical and downright serious. How do you reconcile “fun” with “kidney inflammation”? How do you illustrate medical concepts such as chemotherapy and infection without looking like a textbook? 76 Medical and technical? Check. (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version78) For this project, the answer turned out to be “with a lot of style.” The pictures themselves are simple and straightforward, almost like icons. This makes them easy and quick to understand as you’re flipping through cards in the game. Repeating a limited set of shapes and colors builds a visual shorthand and creates a nice flow throughout the game as users flip through dozens of cards quickly. For example, once you’ve seen the couple of shapes that are supposed to represent a woman, like the swirly hair cut or swept bangs, you instantly recognize women in later questions. 79 (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version81) We also decided to avoid using realistic human figures or detailed faces, because pictures of sickness and pain would affect the light tone of the game. So, when we do use people, they’re highly stylized, chunky, weeble-wobble people. They don’t look very realistic, and they don’t have facial expressions. Therefore, users will not get upset about facts and answers that are about physical pain. The colors are bright and cheerful. Everything is colored with over-the-top offset color blocks. The overall impression as you go through the game is upbeat and positive, but not to the point where it feels like we’re taking the content or taking lupus itself lightly. The illustrations enable us to keep the tone of the game light, to speed up comprehension and to keep the focus on learning facts about lupus. Some Things To Keep In Mind As You Start Incorporating Illustration Into Projects Link Start small; you don’t have to rethink everything overnight. Special drawings for edge cases such as error states, 404 pages and onboarding bring some delight, without committing you to illustrating an entire website. In addition to starting small, start early getting clients, investors, other team members or whoever else is involved on board. It’s easier to work through debates on illustration style before you’ve invested a ton of time and love on your artwork. Or start by introducing small, illustrated enhancements; this might get them comfortable with the idea that illustration can be an appropriate, professional solution faster than hitting them with one really big change. Work flexibly. When you can, take the time to make illustrations vector-based, even when the result is meant to look hand-done. You never know what will pop up. Maybe images will need to be bigger or smaller than you had planned. Maybe you will need to make several variations of a figure and don’t have the time or budget to create every single one from scratch. Starting in Illustrator or a similar vector-based program will help you be ready for anything. Dedicate time in your workflow to it. Avoid jumping back and forth between illustration and UI design as much as you can. Getting into a flow and not having to switch context is, really, always a good thing, but especially so in this case. Finally, take advantage of all the opportunities that come with illustrating for an interactive medium! Move things around and bring them to life. Animation can be a powerful way to communicate a complex idea. Also, personalize illustrations for different contexts and use cases. Key Takeaways Link Custom illustration can seem daunting, but it doesn’t have to be scary. You don’t need a fine arts degree to create imagery that will enhance your content. Even small, simple illustrations or custom icons would be worthwhile if they communicate something relevant or add something unique to your design. We don’t read text, we don’t look at generic images, and we don’t appreciate decoration. But we do connect to images that mean something, that are relevant and that tell a story. Unique imagery can humanize an app or website and can personalize our experience and relationship with it. Animation can guide a user’s attention and communicate an idea instantly. Our expectation as users is for more personal interaction and stronger relationships with the apps we use and the websites we visit. Thus, designing with emotional connection in mind is becoming a necessity. We don’t just use our phones — we love our phones. We want to love the apps on our phones just as much. Illustration is a surefire way to inject the personality and humanity that inspires that kind of love. (ah, vf, yk, al, il) Footnotes Link 1 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2012/02/the-journey-from-writer-to-reader/ 2 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2012/11/freehand-style-in-web-design/ 3 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2012/04/when-typography-speaks-louder-than-words/ 4 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2012/04/building-emotion-into-your-websites/ 5 http://99u.com/articles/41017/the-most-intimate-relationship-in-your-life-your-smartphone 6 http://www.newsweek.com/our-iphones-ourselves-we-can-experience-separation-anxiety-cell-phones-study-298626 7 http://www.lottanieminen.com 8 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/google-cal-preview-opt.jpg 9 http://www.lottanieminen.com/illustration/google-calendar/ 10 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/google-cal-preview-opt.jpg 11 http://www.mayastepien.nl 12 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/google-appointments-preview-opt.jpg 13 http://www.mayastepien.nl/googlecalendar.html 14 https://www.google.com/calendar/about/ 15 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/google-appointments-preview-opt.jpg 16 https://www.nngroup.com/articles/photos-as-web-content/ 17 https://www.nngroup.com/articles/photos-as-web-content/ 18 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/nielsen-1.jpg 19 https://www.nngroup.com/articles/photos-as-web-content/ 20 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/nielsen-2.jpg 21 https://www.nngroup.com/articles/photos-as-web-content/ 22 https://www.nngroup.com/articles/how-little-do-users-read/ 23 https://www.intercom.com 24 http://www.quentinvijoux.com 25 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/intercom1-preview-opt.png 26 https://www.intercom.com 27 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/intercom1-preview-opt.png 28 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/intercom2-preview-opt.png 29 https://www.intercom.com 30 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/intercom2-preview-opt.png 31 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/intercom3-preview-opt.png 32 https://www.intercom.com 33 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/intercom3-preview-opt.png 34 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/twitter-evernote-preview-opt.png 35 http://www.twitter.com 36 https://dribbble.com/shots/1970553-Evernote-for-Android-Welcome 37 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/twitter-evernote-preview-opt.png 38 https://carousel.dropbox.com 39 http://byalicelee.com/carousel/ 40 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/carousel-home-preview-opt.gif 41 http://www.dropbox.com 42 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/carousel-home-preview-opt.gif 43 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/carousel-app-preview-opt.png 44 http://www.dropbox.com 45 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/carousel-app-preview-opt.png 46 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/stock-preview-opt.jpg 47 http://www.istockphoto.com/photo/business-man-drawing-a-growth-graph-gm505944234-83953447 48 http://www.istockphoto.com/vector/businessman-and-charts-gm507301384-84519019 49 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/stock-preview-opt.jpg 50 http://usepowwow.com 51 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/pow-brand-preview-opt.png 52 http://www.viget.com 53 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/pow-brand-preview-opt.png 54 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/pow-iconography-preview-opt.png 55 http://www.viget.com 56 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/pow-iconography-preview-opt.png 57 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/pow-home-preview-opt.gif 58 http://www.viget.com 59 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/pow-home-preview-opt.gif 60 https://static.viget.com/pow-brand.pdf?mtime=20160323115956 61 https://explorations.viget.com 62 https://explorations.viget.com/fridge/ 63 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/fridge1-preview-opt.png 64 http://www.viget.com 65 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/fridge1-preview-opt.png 66 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/fridge2-preview-opt.gif 67 http://www.viget.com 68 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/fridge2-preview-opt.gif 69 http://www.knowlupus.org 70 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lupus-card-play-preview-opt.gif 71 http://www.viget.com 72 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lupus-card-play-preview-opt.gif 73 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lupus-cute-preview-opt.png 74 http://www.viget.com 75 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lupus-cute-preview-opt.png 76 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lupus-medical-preview-opt.png 77 http://www.viget.com 78 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lupus-medical-preview-opt.png 79 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lupus-repeat-preview-opt.png 80 http://www.viget.com 81 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lupus-repeat-preview-opt.png Emotional DesignIllustrations ↑ Back to top Tweet itShare on Facebook Blair Culbreth Blair has been making websites since Geocities was cool. Now she focuses less on scrolling sparkle text and more on intuitive, emotionally driven design. She is a Senior Designer at Viget, living and working in Boulder, Colorado. 2 Comments 1 privin May 25, 2017 6:48 am very helpful content Reply 0 2 sss May 25, 2017 6:49 am ….. Reply 0 Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Click here to cancel reply.Your message You may use simple HTML to add links or lists to your comment. Also, use <pre><code class="language-*">...</code></pre> to mark up code snippets. We support -js, -markup and -css for comments. Your name Your email ↑ Back to top Search on Smashing Magazine Search Become a sponsor! Smashing Newsletter Subscribe to our email newsletter for useful tips and valuable resources, sent out every second Tuesday. Please provide us with your email address: Subscribe Smashing Book 5: "Real-Life Responsive Web Design", our playbook to master all the tricky facets and hurdles of responsive web design. Gorgeous hardcover with 584 pages. The eBook is included. Free worldwide shipping. Get your book now! Today, too many websites are still inaccessible. In our new book Inclusive Design Patterns, we explore how to craft flexible front-end design patterns and make future-proof and accessible interfaces without extra effort. Hardcover, 312 pages. Get the book → Meet the new Sketch Handbook, our brand new Smashing book that will help you master all the tricky, advanced facets of Sketch. Filled with practical examples and tutorials in 12 chapters, the book will help you become more proficient in your work. Get the book. We are proudly hosted on Media Temple Dedicated Servers. Performance matters. Smashing Job Board Remote responsive designer for freelance work - Adnet Media - (Los Angeles, CA) - Freelance XBIZ, the industry source, is seeking a highly talented freelance web designer for ongoing projects. - Minimum 5 years experience - Proficient in ... Web Designer & UI Expert - Freelance - eventplanner.be /.nl - (Belgium) - Freelance eventplanner.be, eventplanner.nl and eventplanner.tv are the leading inspiration platforms for event planners in Belgium, The Netherlands and the world. ... View more job openings… Meet us in SmashingConf New York and learn about Atomic Design, DevTools, Persuasive Design, performance, and more. Taking place on June 13-14. With Brad Frost, Sara Soueidan, Umar Hansa, Yuko Shimizu, and others. Get your ticket now! With a commitment to quality content for the design community. Founded by Vitaly Friedman and Sven Lennartz. 2006-2017. Made in Germany. ✎ Write for us – Contact us – Datenschutzerklärung – Impressum.
