Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Wal-Mart Stock History: How the World’s Biggest Retailer Created So Much Wealth for Investors The math behind one of the stock market's biggest success stories. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Jan 1, 2017 at 4:59PM In fiscal 1972, just after Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) went public, the retailer booked a respectable $78 million of revenue across its 51 stores. Today, it generates almost $500 billion of sales through 11,500 locations and a large online presence. More than 260 million customers passed through Wal-Mart's retailing doors last year. Image source: Wal-Mart. The company founded by Sam Walton credits its extreme focus on low prices for helping it grow from a tiny regional player into a global retailing titan. The entire half-century trip -- with the exception of the most recent past -- has been enormously rewarding for shareholders. I'll touch on that slowdown in a moment, but first here's a look at how well early investors made out with a Wal-Mart stock purchase. Wal-Mart stock and dividend history Wal-Mart stock started trading on Oct. 1, 1970, when the company offered 300,000 shares to the public at a price of $16.50 per share. That $5 million initial market capitalization translates into about $31 million in today's dollars. Considering the company is now worth over $200 billion, it's fair to say that a Wal-Mart investment has outpaced both inflation and the broader stock market. WMT long-term stock history data by YCharts, Wal-Mart has had 11 two-for-one stock splits since its initial public offering, so that 100 shares purchased at the IPO price of $16.50 (for a total investment of $16,500) would today amount to over 200,000 shares and $14 million of equity. As that math suggests, the stock-price run has produced many millionaires over the decades. The biggest winners have been Waltons, who, for the last three years, have topped Forbes' listing of the richest families in America. But there's much more to the total-return picture than just capital appreciation. Wal-Mart has paid -- and boosted -- its dividend each year since 1974. The annual dividend most recently hit $2 per share, or just under half of the company's annual earnings. Recent performance Wal-Mart's newest shareholders haven't enjoyed blockbuster returns. In fact, the stock has trailed the market over the past three-, five-, and 10-year periods, but adding dividends into the picture makes the stock a winner over the last decade. Investors turned especially bearish over the last two years as Wal-Mart suffered from a period of customer traffic declines that it responded to by boosting spending on the shopping experience through initiatives like raising wages and stocking more products on shelves. These changes helped traffic levels begin inching higher again -- at the expense of profit growth. Operating income last quarter slumped by 11%. Meanwhile, Wal-Mart still routinely lags rival Costco (NASDAQ:COST), which is enjoying about twice the retailing-titan's sales-expansion pace. The warehouse giant also focuses on offering the lowest possible price to customers, and its traffic growth only recently slowed after six-straight years of 4% or better gains.  WMT 5-year stock history data by YCharts. While it fends off market-share threats from Costco and other discount retailers, Wal-Mart also must face major challenges from online competitors. Over the last decade, e-commerce has surged from accounting for 3% of the retailing industry to more than 8%. Much of that growth has come at the expense of traditional retailers like Wal-Mart. In response, the company is plowing investments into its online infrastructure, with $1 billion of spending slated for 2017. However, it's far from clear whether that spending will deliver long-term returns. E-commerce accounted for just 0.2 percentage points of Wal-Mart's 1% sales uptick in its most recent fiscal year. A winning approach Investors considering a Wal-Mart purchase today are looking at a much different business than the one that went public 46 years ago. Most importantly, its growth options are limited by its massive size and by unfavorable retailing trends. On the other hand, Wal-Mart's scale gives it considerable benefits, too, including massive resources that it can devote toward improving its position with shoppers both in its stores and on the internet. The next half-century will no doubt involve vast changes to the retailing industry, but it's likely that Wal-Mart's approach of price leadership will still be resonating with customers decades from now. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Jan 1, 2017 at 4:59PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.26 down $0.95 (-1.37%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $162.83 down $0.08 (-0.05%) Read More Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Here's Why Most Retailers Should Open on Thanksgiving Jet.com Holiday Sales Are Growing Fourfold Thanks to Wal-Mart How Wal-Mart Has Changed in the Last Year When Will Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Split Its Stock Again? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Wal-Mart Stock History: How the World’s Biggest Retailer Created So Much Wealth for Investors #stocks $WMT, $COST
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Wal-Mart Stock History: How the World’s Biggest Retailer Created So Much Wealth for Investors The math behind one of the stock market's biggest success stories. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Jan 1, 2017 at 4:59PM In fiscal 1972, just after Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) went public, the retailer booked a respectable $78 million of revenue across its 51 stores. Today, it generates almost $500 billion of sales through 11,500 locations and a large online presence. More than 260 million customers passed through Wal-Mart's retailing doors last year. Image source: Wal-Mart. The company founded by Sam Walton credits its extreme focus on low prices for helping it grow from a tiny regional player into a global retailing titan. The entire half-century trip -- with the exception of the most recent past -- has been enormously rewarding for shareholders. I'll touch on that slowdown in a moment, but first here's a look at how well early investors made out with a Wal-Mart stock purchase. Wal-Mart stock and dividend history Wal-Mart stock started trading on Oct. 1, 1970, when the company offered 300,000 shares to the public at a price of $16.50 per share. That $5 million initial market capitalization translates into about $31 million in today's dollars. Considering the company is now worth over $200 billion, it's fair to say that a Wal-Mart investment has outpaced both inflation and the broader stock market. WMT long-term stock history data by YCharts, Wal-Mart has had 11 two-for-one stock splits since its initial public offering, so that 100 shares purchased at the IPO price of $16.50 (for a total investment of $16,500) would today amount to over 200,000 shares and $14 million of equity. As that math suggests, the stock-price run has produced many millionaires over the decades. The biggest winners have been Waltons, who, for the last three years, have topped Forbes' listing of the richest families in America. But there's much more to the total-return picture than just capital appreciation. Wal-Mart has paid -- and boosted -- its dividend each year since 1974. The annual dividend most recently hit $2 per share, or just under half of the company's annual earnings. Recent performance Wal-Mart's newest shareholders haven't enjoyed blockbuster returns. In fact, the stock has trailed the market over the past three-, five-, and 10-year periods, but adding dividends into the picture makes the stock a winner over the last decade. Investors turned especially bearish over the last two years as Wal-Mart suffered from a period of customer traffic declines that it responded to by boosting spending on the shopping experience through initiatives like raising wages and stocking more products on shelves. These changes helped traffic levels begin inching higher again -- at the expense of profit growth. Operating income last quarter slumped by 11%. Meanwhile, Wal-Mart still routinely lags rival Costco (NASDAQ:COST), which is enjoying about twice the retailing-titan's sales-expansion pace. The warehouse giant also focuses on offering the lowest possible price to customers, and its traffic growth only recently slowed after six-straight years of 4% or better gains.  WMT 5-year stock history data by YCharts. While it fends off market-share threats from Costco and other discount retailers, Wal-Mart also must face major challenges from online competitors. Over the last decade, e-commerce has surged from accounting for 3% of the retailing industry to more than 8%. Much of that growth has come at the expense of traditional retailers like Wal-Mart. In response, the company is plowing investments into its online infrastructure, with $1 billion of spending slated for 2017. However, it's far from clear whether that spending will deliver long-term returns. E-commerce accounted for just 0.2 percentage points of Wal-Mart's 1% sales uptick in its most recent fiscal year. A winning approach Investors considering a Wal-Mart purchase today are looking at a much different business than the one that went public 46 years ago. Most importantly, its growth options are limited by its massive size and by unfavorable retailing trends. On the other hand, Wal-Mart's scale gives it considerable benefits, too, including massive resources that it can devote toward improving its position with shoppers both in its stores and on the internet. The next half-century will no doubt involve vast changes to the retailing industry, but it's likely that Wal-Mart's approach of price leadership will still be resonating with customers decades from now. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Jan 1, 2017 at 4:59PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.26 down $0.95 (-1.37%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $162.83 down $0.08 (-0.05%) Read More Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Here's Why Most Retailers Should Open on Thanksgiving Jet.com Holiday Sales Are Growing Fourfold Thanks to Wal-Mart How Wal-Mart Has Changed in the Last Year When Will Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Split Its Stock Again? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Wal-Mart Stock History: How the World’s Biggest Retailer Created So Much Wealth for Investors #stocks $WMT, $COST
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 1, 2017January 1, 2017 by Monika Donimirska Army veteran steps in to help man shot at Texas Walmart An Army vet says his military training kicked in when a man was shot at a Walmart in the Red Bird area of Dallas, Texas on Friday. Rafael Semmler told FOX 4 that he and his family were at the Walmart when they heard gunfire. After making sure his family got out safely, he returned to the store to see if there was anything Read more => Army veteran steps in to help man shot at Texas Walmart CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious House to do better this year, Alvarez vows Next PostNext Italy bomb squad expert loses eye, hand to exploding package Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Om Puri's Demise Left A Huge Void In Indian Film Industry: President January 7, 2017 Naveen Patnaik Asks Odias To Give Ideas How Odisha Would Be In 2036 January 7, 2017 Government Probes Jet Airways, Alliance Air Near Miss Incident January 7, 2017 School Teacher Suspended For Comments To Girl Student In Odisha January 7, 2017 Woman Alleges Baby Dumped In Garbage, Safdarjung Hospital Denies Charge January 7, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
SXSW 2016 Music Movies Games Television Main Page Menu Menu Connect! Menu SXSW 2016 Music Movies Games Television Main Page Connect! Run DMC Sues Walmart And Amazon For Over $50 Million Home News Sudipti Khatry January 1st, 2017 - 9:08 AM Buy music on this topic at | Amazon Run-D.M.C, after reuniting temporarily at Fun Fun Fun Fest in 2012, has sued Walmart, Amazon, Jet.com and others for trademark infringement. According to Pitchfork, in addition to Walmart, Amazon and Jet.com, Run-D.M.C has also created a lawsuit against Vision World, Inc., Infinity Fashion, Inc., SW Global Corp., and 20 anonymous companies, who are partners with the three major retailers. The band, specifically Darryl McDaniels, filed for a lawsuit on Thursday in the Southern District of New York. With this he has claimed that these retailers are attempting to confuse the public by “advertising, selling, manufacturing, promoting and distributing multiple products claiming to be Run-D.M.C. styled products” These products include  include glasses, hats, t-shirts, patches, and wallets. CBS News had reported that this lawsuit also claimed that retailers have harmed the brand that has created more than $100 million in revenue since its beginning. In response to this, the brand is asking for $50 million with interest and “any other relief this Court deems just and equitable.” According to Billboard, these other reliefs will include attorney’s fees, accounting of all sales of the defendants’ products that were advertised as being related to Run-D.M.C. or directly use its trademark and an injunction and restraining order against sales and promotion of these products. Currently there has been no comment made from these three major retailers about the situation. Tags RUN DMC Share this article Tweet Comments Sudipti Khatry Share this topic Story Page 300 x 250 Ad Middle Follow @mxdwn mxdwn Story Page 300 x 250 Ad Bottom Click here - to select or create a menu © mxdwn.com 2001 - 2015. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Everence Capital Management Inc. Has $3,858,000 Position in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Stake Increased by Piermont Capital Management Inc. Northpointe Capital LLC Raises Stake in LSI Industries Inc. (LYTS) Culp, Inc. (CFI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Position Increased by Piermont Capital Management Inc. Redwood Trust, Inc. (RWT) Stake Boosted by Prudential Financial Inc. Insider Selling: Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Insider Sells 312 Shares of Stock Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Buys New Stake in Allergan PLC. (AGN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Lowers Position in Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX) Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Shares Bought by Profund Advisors LLC Insider Selling: Cadiz, Inc. (CDZI) CFO Sells 32,000 Shares of Stock Richard K. Vitelle Sells 10,100 Shares of CalAmp Corp. (CAMP) Stock Insider Selling: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Director Sells 6,500 Shares of Stock Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Maintains Stake in Equity Residential (EQR) Thomas Story & Son LLC Maintains Position in Cognex Corporation (CGNX) People s United Financial Inc. Has $4,438,000 Position in Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) International Paper Company (IP) Shares Bought by Brookstone Capital Management IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Shares Sold by Trillium Asset Management LLC INC Research Holdings, Inc. (INCR) CEO Sells $774,499.60 in Stock Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Shares Sold by Trillium Asset Management LLC Greystone Managed Investments Inc. Has $11,330,000 Stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) January 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Greystone Managed Investments Inc. decreased its position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 0.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 157,099 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 715 shares during the period. Greystone Managed Investments Inc.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $11,330,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of WMT. Vigilant Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 1,270.0% in the second quarter. Vigilant Capital Management LLC now owns 1,370 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $100,000 after buying an additional 1,270 shares during the period. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management acquired a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at approximately $100,000. Seven Eight Capital LLC acquired a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at approximately $111,000. Piershale Financial Group Inc. boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the period. Finally, Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 118.1% in the second quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 1,649 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $120,000 after buying an additional 893 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 28.80% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.20% on Friday, reaching $69.12. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 6,889,488 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $70.52 and a 200 day moving average of $71.43. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a 52 week low of $60.20 and a 52 week high of $75.19. The stock has a market capitalization of $212.42 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.99 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.69 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.03 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Greystone Managed Investments Inc. Has $11,330,000 Stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/01/greystone-managed-investments-inc-has-11330000-stake-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on WMT shares. KeyCorp started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Thursday, September 29th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $90.00 price objective on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Credit Suisse Group started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, September 16th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $80.00 price objective on the stock. Guggenheim started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, September 30th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co set a $72.00 price objective on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, October 10th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $75.30. In related news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total transaction of $5,185,352.04. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes Democrats Promise to Undermine Certain Cabinet Confirmations Sanctions Leveled by the U.S. Against Russia for Hacking Inauguration Planners Bracing for Large Numbers of Protesters © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2016. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Everence Capital Management Inc. Has $3,858,000 Position in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Stake Increased by Piermont Capital Management Inc. Northpointe Capital LLC Raises Stake in LSI Industries Inc. (LYTS) Culp, Inc. (CFI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Position Increased by Piermont Capital Management Inc. Redwood Trust, Inc. (RWT) Stake Boosted by Prudential Financial Inc. Insider Selling: Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Insider Sells 312 Shares of Stock Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Buys New Stake in Allergan PLC. (AGN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Lowers Position in Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX) Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Shares Bought by Profund Advisors LLC Insider Selling: Cadiz, Inc. (CDZI) CFO Sells 32,000 Shares of Stock Richard K. Vitelle Sells 10,100 Shares of CalAmp Corp. (CAMP) Stock Insider Selling: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Director Sells 6,500 Shares of Stock Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Maintains Stake in Equity Residential (EQR) Thomas Story & Son LLC Maintains Position in Cognex Corporation (CGNX) People s United Financial Inc. Has $4,438,000 Position in Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) International Paper Company (IP) Shares Bought by Brookstone Capital Management IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Shares Sold by Trillium Asset Management LLC INC Research Holdings, Inc. (INCR) CEO Sells $774,499.60 in Stock Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Shares Sold by Trillium Asset Management LLC Palladium Partners LLC Acquires 2,870 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) January 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Palladium Partners LLC increased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 1.8% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 165,577 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 2,870 shares during the period. Wal-Mart Stores accounts for approximately 1.0% of Palladium Partners LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 25th largest position. Palladium Partners LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $11,942,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in WMT. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.7% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 20,297,797 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,463,878,000 after buying an additional 348,391 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.6% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 19,309,257 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,409,962,000 after buying an additional 297,217 shares during the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 4.9% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 8,319,158 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $607,461,000 after buying an additional 389,425 shares during the last quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 8.4% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 8,146,797 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $594,878,000 after buying an additional 629,728 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Legal & General Group Plc raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 2.6% in the second quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 8,015,281 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $585,236,000 after buying an additional 201,015 shares during the last quarter. 28.80% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.20% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $69.12. 6,889,488 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm has a market cap of $212.42 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.99 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a one year low of $60.20 and a one year high of $75.19. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $70.52 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.43. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.02. The business earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $1.03 earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. WARNING: “Palladium Partners LLC Acquires 2,870 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT)” was published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/01/palladium-partners-llc-acquires-2870-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several research analysts recently commented on the stock. MKM Partners restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $72.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Thursday. Piper Jaffray Companies reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday. KeyCorp reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $90.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday. Jefferies Group reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $86.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday. Finally, Guggenheim reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $75.30. In related news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 51.55% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes Democrats Promise to Undermine Certain Cabinet Confirmations Sanctions Leveled by the U.S. Against Russia for Hacking Inauguration Planners Bracing for Large Numbers of Protesters © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2016. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Friday, January 6, 2017 Weather: 10° Forecast Classifieds: Homes Jobs Businesses Classifieds Digital Edition Subscribe Make a Payment Sign In Search: Sections News Sports Opinion Obituaries Go! Lifestyle Media Blogs Cold turns to snow this weekend Grant County tech jobs put more people to work in November Meet Your Match volunteer event coming Tuesday More Headlines PUD focused on preventing cyber attacks  Burn ban active in Okanogan County  East Wenatchee Macy’s survives as retailer closes 68 stores  News of record  Old news | Cashmere’s legendary weather prognosticator  Other News Northwest Local National World Elections Business Fall 2016 collegians: Checking up on how college athletes from NCW performed during Fall 2016 Vanderbeck’s big night helps Wild end losing streak Prep Thursday: Brewster girls basketball edge past Bridgeport More Headlines Everybody Out | Something old, something new  Cowboys’ Gregory banned year for substance abuse  Duke destroys Georgia Tech as Allen returns  Bulldogs show why they are class of WCC  Tigers basketball teams cruise to wins Wednesday  Other Sports Professional Local High School National Rec Safety Valve | Letters from readers Cal FitzSimmons | Popular culture finds a home in Wenatchee Rufus Woods | Quick action is needed to help Wenatchee Downtown Association More Headlines Art of Community | Chacons working to build a kinder community  Safety Valve: Letters from readers  Charles Krauthammer | Cold War relic, present day threat  Tracy Warner | Secede? We’re too old for that  Art of Community | Poverty program inspires Chelan woman to overcome  Other Opinion Local Solutions Dean Durfee Funeral Service Directory Dean Durfee More Headlines Keith ‘W’ McCandless  Helen Ramirez-Myers  In Loving Memory of  Robert Aprato Jr.  Funeral Service Directory  The first Friday of 2017 Tonasket artists show solidarity with DAPL protesters Check it out: Our arts and entertainment picks for the week More Headlines The Planner  Flick Picks: Movie show times for Jan. 6-12  Night Out: Clubs and pubs with entertainment  Goodbye 2016, hello 2017  Check it out: Our arts and entertainment picks for the week  Other Go! Arts Music Events Movies The six-month journey that changed one family’s life The Apple Leaf | Crystal Villa is navigating the ‘unnormal’ and finding a new life Family night series offers activities for everyone More Headlines Church will host free soup lunch  For twin boys, wheelchair ramps mean freedom  Program discusses trip to Tanzania  Parents face challenges, joys in raising multiracial children  Americans are less Christian, but not so in Congress  Other Lifestyle Food Neighbors At Home Health Family & Faith Your News videos Chelan Recovery photos Photo Gallery: Wenatchee vs Eastmont boys swimming and diving photos Photo Gallery: Polar bear plunge More Galleries Photo Gallery: Cat Classic Photo Gallery: Wenatchee girls basketball vs. Camas Photo Gallery: Living Nativity Photo Gallery: Eastmont girls, boys play Lynnwood in basketball Photo Gallery: Cashmere beats Chelan in girls basketball Other Multimedia Latest Videos Latest Photos Photo Galleries Share Your Photos Webcams Greg Asimakoupoulos | The 12s: A congregation of the faithful WVC hoops teams open league play tonight at home Everyday Business | Owner offers encouraging words for faith-based Encouraging Words More Headlines Winemaker's Journal -- Happy New Year! WVC women in Mount Vernon, men in Coeur d'Alene to finish year Year ends: WHS hoops teams at Hanford for two apiece, wrestling at Eastmont Greg Asimakoupoulos | A letter to the Christ child Both Panther hoop teams at Town Toyota Center Thur. & Fri. Other Blogs Index Community Connections Blog Directory Staff Blogs Recent Posts Staff Posts Blog Photos Blog Videos Weather The latest extended forecast from The Weather Channel Remove this weather forecast Related content Webcams » Tonight Lo7° Flurries Saturday Hi16° Chance Snow then Snow Likely Saturday Night Lo15° Snow Likely then Slight Chance Snow Sunday Hi24° Snow Sunday Night Lo22° Chance Snow Monday Hi31° Slight Chance Snow Monday Night Lo20° Chance Snow Tuesday Hi28° Chance Snow Tuesday Night Lo18° Chance Snow Wednesday Hi27° Chance Snow More for you:Business Roundup Business Roundup | At Hort Expo: Millennials driving market changes  Business Roundup | Oneonta ships new JUICI apple variety  Business Roundup | Stemilt raves about the Rave  Business Roundup | Ride-hailing service Uber arrives in Wenatchee  Man arrested after gunshots narrowly miss Gebbers CEO  Business Round-up | Funny money no laughing matter  Business Roundup | Beef jerky at the jail? Vending machine offers cured meats in Law and Justice lobby  Business Roundup | Big rock marks The Rock on Highway 97  Business Roundup | Keyhole Security unlocks a new location  Local business achievements, milestones  Business roundup | American Shoe Shop honored as Business of the Year  Business Roundup | Downtown cafe raises The Bar for organic eats  Business roundup | Taco Time cooking up second location  Business Roundup: Apple Commission aims redesigned website at overseas customers  Business Roundup | Union: Last day for Wenatchee Works is Jan. 5  Business Roundup | At Hort Expo: Millennials driving market changes by Compiled by Mike IrwinFor Business World Dec. 28, 2016, 4:22 p.m. Roundup, business world Send to Kindle Buy this photo World photo/Mike Irwin Walmart executive Mike Hulett Buy this photo Buy this photo Buy this photo Buy this photo Buy this photo At Hort Expo: Millennials driving market changes WENATCHEE — When grocery marketers talk about change, they talk about Millennials. That’s the generation, said Walmart exec Mike Hulett, who drive a lot of marketing decisions by many of the nation’s Fortune 500 companies, including mega-retailer Walmart. Fruit marketers, he said, should take note. Hulett, who grew up in Chelan and is now based in Walmart’s home city of Bentonville, Arkansas, discovers and helps market fresh foods for the global corporation. On Dec. 5, he talked on “Mega-Trends for Fresh Produce Retail” at the Washington State Tree Fruit Association’s 112th Annual Meeting & NW Expo in Wenatchee. Hulett said Millennials, ages 16 to 35, are worth watching because they’re the largest generation in numbers (80 million in the U.S.) with the largest percentage of the nation’s workforce. Ninety-five percent of them are connected online, which makes them a powerful buying force. Most importantly, said, Hulett, as a group their highest value is direct experience rather than hearsay or second-hand knowledge. “They show status,” he said, “through the things they do.” So when it comes to apples, said Hulett, Millennials will prize its texture (crispness, crunchiness) and taste (flavor, freshness) and relate those qualities — good or bad — to their peers, either in person or through social media. Apples, pears and cherries also fit the Millennials’ idea of eating “clean and clear” foods that promote good health and enhance human performance, he said. Fruit also meets Millennials’ demand for convenient foods and “responsible snacking.” Among Millennials, “fresh” is the most sought-after food trend, with 87 percent of them currently seeking and buying fresh foods. “They seek fresh because they want to trust the foods they eat and the companies who provide it,” Hulett said. When marketing to Millennials, he said, “a lot of people in the grocery industry are betting on fresh as the key trend towards customer satisfaction.    Monthly ‘Shop Talks’ is all business WENATCHEE — The Wenatchee Downtown Association has launched a series of information meetings where merchants and employees can learn from fellow business folks. The hour-long monthly sessions — called “Shop Talks” — are set for 8:30 a.m. on the first Wednesday of each month. To begin, the sessions will be held in the meeting room of Merriment Party Goods, 23 S. Wenatchee Ave. Each session “will feature downtown merchants or members of the community and organizations who will connect us — teach us and inform us,” said Linda Haglund, the WDA’s executive director. The sessions are free and will include coffee and morning snacks. Presentations scheduled for coming months include social media, the historic relevance of downtown, insurance and benefits, succession planning, attracting new customers and more. Those planning to attend upcoming Shop Talks should RSVP Haglund at 662-0059 or linda@wendowntown.org.   Express Employment honored for hiring of veterans WENATCHEE — A local job placement company has been recognized as one of a dozen businesses around the state for its hiring of veterans in 2016. Express Employment Professionals of Wenatchee placed nine veterans in jobs in 2016 and participated in numerous veteran-focused job projects, including the Wenatchee Veterans Hiring Event in September. The state Employment Security Department announced award recipients in November in support of a Hire-A-Veteran proclamation by Gov. Jay Inslee. Other award recipients included businesses, nonprofits and government agencies in Yakima, Richland, Spokane, Olympia, Ferndale, Everett, Seattle and Woodland. From July 2015 through June 2016, WorkSource — the job and career arm of Employment Security — placed nearly 7,500 veterans into jobs, said an agency press release. About 85 percent were still employed after six months at an average wage of $17.60 per hour, the release said.   Goodwill is gravy at cafe’s 20th free Thanksgiving meal CHELAN — The Apple Cup Cafe in Chelan celebrated 20 years of serving up its free — yes, free — Community Thanksgiving Dinner on Nov. 24. Owner Ryan Peterson says around 900 people gobble-gobbled 44 huge turkeys and pans full of yams, corn, cranberry sauce, mashed potatoes and gravy. And also hundreds of slices of pumpkin and apple pie. Much of the food is donated by the restaurant’s vendors and is prepared and served by scores of volunteers. Peterson’s mom, Dian Prentice, started the meal two decades ago after buying the restaurant, now in business for nearly 60 years. “This Thanksgiving Dinner has been a tradition for me since I was 9 years old,” said Peterson. “It started out as a way for us (Apple Cup Cafe) to give back to the community. But now it’s evolved into the community giving back to the community, sharing what we have with neighbors friends and family.”   Famous Footwear kicks off new store in East Wenatchee EAST WENATCHEE — Here’s some news to lift your soles: Buying shoes here just got a whole lot easier. Famous Footwear, the national chain with scores of shoe brands at more than 1,200 stores, opened its second area location Nov. 23 at Wenatchee Valley Mall.  “We’re in a prime spot next to Macy’s,” said manager Michael Imperato, a 9-year veteran of Wenatchee Valley retail. “It should be easy for customers to find us.” He and co-worker Silvia De Jesus, also a longtime retail pro, have transferred from Famous Footwear at Valley North Center in Wenatchee to open the new store across the river. De Jesus, who’s worked four years at the Wenatchee location, will serve as assistant manager. The new Famous Footwear will have 5,498 square feet of shopping and storage space and around 10 employees. The store opening in East Wenatchee coincides with another location that recently opened in Seattle. “Our decision to open two new stores was based on a recognized consumer need,” said Rick Ausick, president of Famous Footwear. The East Wenatchee store’s grand opening Dec. 10 featured a giveaway of 100 pairs of shoes to the first 100 customers.    Fruit magazine says ‘hola’ YAKIMA — One of the fruit industry’s primary publications, “Good Fruit Grower” magazine, has launched a Spanish-language website to serve the growing number of Latinos working in tree fruit and wine grape businesses.  The site features articles and essays by researchers published in the magazine, plus videos on best horticultural practices.  “Our new site is one more way we serve the grower community, and Spanish speakers are a vital part of that community,” said BJ Thurlby, president of the Washington State Fruit Commission, which owns the magazine.  Info: goodfruit.com/es.   Carl Campbell an unassuming success WENATCHEE — Carl Campbell lives in a 12,000-square-foot Wenatchee penthouse, loves his two big houses on Lake Chelan, has owned and piloted multiple private jets and until recently ran one of the nation’s largest companies of retirement and assisted-living communities. And — just ask anybody — he’s one of the nicest, most modest and quiet-spoken multi-millionaires you’d ever want to meet. “Carl’s a man of high moral character and extremely fair in business transactions, which in my opinion is the root of his success,” said Tom Leonard, an accountant who’s worked with Campbell for more than a decade. “He is a true gentleman,” said Sharon Tompkins, Campbell’s administrative assistant for the past 26 years. “Honest and humble.” Campbell, who at 95 stands at the edge of retirement, recently recapped his life of accomplishment — in health care, aviation, retail development and philanthropy — as he begins downsizing his living quarters and reducing his business responsibilities while expanding his commitment to family, church and community. “It’s time to retire, time for a younger generation to take over it all,” said the still sharp and energetic nonagenarian. “I’ve got other things on my plate.” And a crowded plate it is. In coming months and years, Campbell plans to: Help oversee the sale, announced in September, of the last four properties in his senior living empire to Vancouver-based Prestige Care, Inc., a family-run company which owns 70 senior communities in eight western states. Campbell’s company, Triple-C Convalescent Centers, once had more than 180 properties in 21 states. Step back from day-to-day operations but still be involved in the running of the Carl and Betty Campbell Foundation of Caring Fund, which has donated millions of dollars to local charities, churches and causes, including $1 million to the Central Washington Hospital Foundation in 2011. Resize and remodel his 12,000-square-foot penthouse apartment on the fifth floor of Colonial Vista Care Center down to a 1,200-square-foot living space. He’ll then portion off the rest for additional apartments for tenants. He’ll also continue to occupy his business office behind the Colonial Vista tower. Spend more time with family at his Lake Chelan properties and continue his involvement with the Wenatchee Seventh-day Adventist Church. Maybe even take a few cruises. Retirement, sure. But leisure? That may not come so easily for Campbell. “He’s a man who understands hard work,” said Leonard. “He and wife Betty started in the senior housing industry by performing all the services — administrative, assisting the residents, cooking, cleaning … all the hard work.” Even now when Campbell walks through the halls of Colonial Vista, he takes time to chat with employees and ask about their tasks. “He has great appreciation for the work they are performing,” said Leonard. “He was once in their shoes.” Beginnings Born in Yakima, Campbell grew up during the lean years of the Great Depression, a time that instilled in him a love of family, skills for saving and investing and an early understanding of the healthy diet advocated by the Seventh-day Adventists. Post high-school, Campbell studied to become a certified public accountant and then joined his brother Willis to work in the Alaskan lumber and building trades. He married Betty in 1942, and they were together — romantically and in business — for 68 years. The couple has two children — Kathy Ball, who with husband Marc runs The Guilded Lily in downtown Wenatchee, and Danny Campbell, who with his family lives in California — six grandchildren and six great-grandchildren. In 1953, while working construction in Seattle, Campbell fell on a saw and cut off the four fingers of his right hand. Miraculously, a surgeon successfully sewed them back, although their mobility has been limited. “I can still type,” chuckled Campbell, “but only with one digit.” The trauma of losing and regaining his fingers spurred him, he said, “to pray to God, to promise him that if he saw me through this (tragedy), I would serve him the rest of my life.” Campbells pauses for a beat. “He did. I have. And my life has been full of his gifts.” One gift, he said, was a nursing home project in Union Gap that he completed with his brother — an old three-story house converted into a 7-bed nursing home facility. It was Campbell’s first senior living project, and in the next 40 years he’d build or operate around 180 more. Health care pioneers Carl and Betty Campbell moved to Wenatchee in 1953 — “we wanted to live away from the rainy side,” said Carl — and together began the design and construction of Parkside Sanitarium, one of the first full-service nursing homes in Eastern Washington. Carl handled finances and construction; Betty tackled interior design and office administration. It was a division of labor that would last until her death in 2010. “I was the boss,” he laughed, “but she didn’t always think I was.” The Campbells built more senior facilities — some of them assisted living homes, which were revolutionary for the time — in Cashmere, Chelan, Moses Lake, Spokane, Idaho and Oregon. “We were pioneers when it came to assisted living,” said Campbell. “Hardly anyone was doing it. But we saw the need and decided it was a concept we should try.” Their success in senior housing eventually grew to become Triple C Convalescent Centers, a company offering senior options from retirement to assisted living to skilled nursing facilities. Up in the air After Betty, Campbell’s second love was aviation. His office walls are packed with framed photos of airplanes and private jets — Learjets, Cessnas, Beechcraft — many of which he owned. Early in life, he became a pilot and by the time he stepped away from the cockpit (just over a decade ago) had clocked more than 6,000 hours in the air. Eventually, Campbell figured out how to combine his love of winged machines with business. In 1982 at Pangborn Memorial Airport, he opened Executive Flight, an air ambulance and charter business that grew to have 14 jets and more than 100 employees, including 50 pilots and 23 mechanics. The business thrived for 30 years, but the recession of 2008-09 took its toll on charter flights. Campbell and his staff ended charter services in 2012, sold all the planes but one, and now run the Executive Flight facility at Pangborn as an FBO (fixed base operation) service. That means fueling, maintenance and hangar rentals. “Over the years, it became more than a business to me,” said Campbell. “Yes, I’ve always loved aviation, but the air ambulance service touched many lives, helped so many residents here. People still tell me stories how the service helped them or a loved one.” Giving back As the Campbells prospered, they contributed millions. Donations helped fund the Central Washington Hospital Foundation, financed a new home for the East Wenatchee Seventh-day Adventist Spanish Church, built an expansion of the Cascade Christian Academy, funded medical research at various facilities and have helped back charitable efforts for dozens of local nonprofits and civic groups. “There are so many good causes out there, particularly in this area, that deserve support,” said Campbell. So what’s the secret of Campbell’s long and active life? “Oh, I suppose a mostly vegetarian diet, which is followed by many Seventh-day Adventists, has helped me stay healthy,” he said. “But I’m optimistic, too. I look forward to every day, to see what God has in store.” Tourism Summit now free OLYMPIA — Pack your bags. All fees to attend the 2017 Washington Tourism Summit are being covered by a handful of corporate and civic sponsors, including Boeing, Port of Seattle, Visit Seattle, a couple of tribal casinos and others.  Hosted by the Washington Tourism Alliance, the free summit kicks off at 8 a.m. Jan. 24 at the Washington Center for Performing Arts in Olympia. Keynote speaker will be Roger Dow, president of the U.S. Travel Association.  Info: watourismalliance.com/tourismsummit.   Native nonprofit to receive Wells Fargo grant NESPELEM — A Native American lending and business education group will receive a $240,000 grant from Wells Fargo bank. The Northwest Native Development Fund, based in Nespelem, is one of 12 institutions this year to receive such an award, called the “Wells Fargo Works for Small Business: Diverse Community Capitol” grants. Wells Fargo announced in November it will provide $11.2 million in lending capital and grant monies to minority-owned small businesses. All grant recipients are Community Development Financial Institutions, which are private, nonprofit groups that assist underserved populations. The NNDF will use the grant money to provide loans to small business owners who may not qualify for traditional financing and to also upgrade technology and increase technical assistance and coaching to borrowers.   Chelan Seaplanes loses lease, glides to a halt CHELAN — Lake Chelan’s only commercial seaplane service has suspended operations between Chelan and Stehekin following termination of the lease on a portion of its longtime lakeside location. Shane Carlson, owner of Chelan Seaplanes, said Dec. 1 he received a lease termination notice from the property’s new occupants — developers of the planned Sunset Marina LLC and condos — and has been unable to find a new, suitable lakeside location for the 71-year-old flight service. But he’s still looking. In 2009, Chelan Seaplanes took over operations of Chelan Airways, which had been flying the route to Stehekin and other Lake Chelan locations since 1945. The service has operated for more than 30 years on property next to the Lady of the Lake boat facility on Lake Chelan’s south shore. “This is a very sad day for Chelan Seaplanes, and we deeply regret the situation we are in,” Carlson said in a press release. “Most importantly, it’s a sad day for Stehekin and the Chelan Valley. The historic seaplane service has come to an end for now.” Scott McKellar, spokesman for the partnership building the marina and condos, confirmed his company had terminated the flight service’s lease, but said Carlson had known about the change since March. The terminated lease covers parking spaces used by Chelan Seaplane’s customers and an access area to an adjacent property where the planes dock, he said. Docking floats for the seaplanes are connected to a third party’s lakefront property. “We suggested other options to Mr. Carlson,” said McKellar, “but it’s up to him to act on them.” McKellar said Sunset Marina, in partnership with property owners Goodfellow Bros. Inc., will begin construction of the marina-condo development sometime this winter. Developers hope to build the foundation of a lakeside clubhouse while seasonal lake levels are at their lowest. Additional construction of the marina, condos and amenities will launch in the spring. Chelan Seaplanes operated each year between mid-May and mid-October, and in 2016 flew more than 5,000 passengers on scheduled flights between Chelan and Stehekin. The company, one of three Northwest flight services run by Carlson, usually kept one plane — a six-seat DeHavilland Beaver float plane — stationed in Lake Chelan with one full-time and three part-time pilots available. The company flew three scheduled flights daily, but charter runs sometimes pushed that number up to seven flights daily. In addition to Chelan Seaplanes, Carlson operates Friday Harbor Seaplanes, which is based in Renton, and Northwest Seaplanes, which runs scheduled and charter flights to British Columbia destinations. Carlson said he’s hopeful that the air company can resume service soon. He said he’s considered other lakeside locations as a seaplane base, but high costs or poor siting has eliminated most locations. Ideally, a new base would be a location protected from prevailing winds, not far from downtown Chelan and situated near the Lady of the Lake boat facility. Carlson estimated that between 30 and 45 percent of his seaplane customers use a boat-plane combination to visit Stehekin. Carlson said one option to save the air service would be a collaboration among Chelan Seaplanes, the City of Chelan and the Port of Chelan County to build a seaplane base. “We are confident that with the support of the Stehekin businesses and residents, along with those in the Chelan Valley that have valued the service, we will come together with a solution to restore the service and find a permanent home for the seaplane service,” said Carlson. “The service has been on the lake far too long to see it go away permanently,” he said.   Marson and Marson to merge with Tum-A-Lum LEAVENWORTH — Local building supply retailer Marson and Marson Lumber has announced it will merge its four-store chain with a similar-sized lumber and supply company located in Oregon. The 61-year-old Marson and Marson company — with stores in Leavenworth, Wenatchee, Chelan and Cle Elum — begins operating as part of the Tum-A-Lum Lumber company on Jan. 3. The local stores will continue to operate under the Marson and Marson name. “This move is part of our families’ long-term strategy for the growth of the company as well as providing future opportunities for our employees,” said Marson and Marson President Ken Marson. “Tum-A-Lum is a family-owned company with business values not unlike our company’s founders.” Marson said he will continue in company management for at least the next two years. He’s been with the business for 41 years and is the last founding-family member working for the company. The 70-employee Marson and Marson, which operates full-service lumber yards and building supply centers, was founded in 1955 by Gordon and Marydell Marson and Kenneth and Marie Marson. The merger includes the company’s four stores, a truss plant, design center and drywall distribution facility. Closing of the deal means Marson and Marson will become a division of TAL Holdings LLC, the parent company of Tum-A-Lum. “Our company was founded on the same basic business principles as Tum-A-Lum — building honest, fair and ethical relationships with our customers,” said Marson. “I see our ongoing operations as business as usual.” The 110-year-old Tum-A-Lum has three building supply centers in Oregon — Hood River, The Dalles and Pendleton.   Fruit industry experts talk tech, labor, marketing at annual Hort convention WENATCHEE — Change is the new normal, said fruit expert Jim McFerson. And that’s not likely to change soon. Growers, shippers and marketers at the Washington State Tree Fruit Association’s annual convention gave knowing nods here Dec. 5 to presentations — including McFerson’s keynote speech — highlighting dramatic change in the fruit industry over the last 20 years. Technology, research, orchard practices, labor challenges, marketing and packaging — nearly all industry sectors have evolved to meet shifting consumer tastes and the rise of global markets, said experts at the WSTFA’s 112th Annual Meeting and NW Hort Expo. With a theme of “The New Normal: Continuous Change,” the gathering ran through Dec. 7 at the Wenatchee Convention Center. “Advances in science and the digital revolution have brought widespread innovation to the industry,” said McFerson, director of Washington State University Tree Fruit Research and Extension Center in Wenatchee. “They’ve changed our industry in fundamental ways.” McFerson delivered the association’s 37th Batjer Address — titled “Technology Road Map 2.0” — to a ballroom packed with hundreds of industry insiders. More than 1,600 people were expected to attend the three-day expo. The WSU professor’s wide-ranging presentation emphasized some of the last two decades’ key innovations and provided a taste of lecture topics: Advances in fruit storage, including the post-harvest application of SmartFresh, a solution that slows the ripening of apples and other fruits. The redesign of packing sheds into “beautiful, sparkling food-handling facilities” with stainless steel installation that are easily cleaned and sanitized. The computerization of sorting lines that can now find defects — “magic!” — in fruit and improve pack-outs for size and quality. The research, development and breeding of the popular (but difficult to grow) Honeycrisp variety which, said McFerson, is “a lousy apple for a lot of reasons, and a great apple for a lot of reasons.” Innovations in orchard systems — poles, trellises, wires — that promote high-density crops and ease pruning, thinning and harvesting. Development of new rootstocks resistant to pests and diseases that are tolerant to replanting. New cherry varieties that spread harvests from June through September. McFerson said innovations now underway include crop-load management practices that have introduced post-bloom thinning to standard pruning and thinning techniques; growing use of orchard netting for protection from sun and hail; development of mechanical-assisted harvesters — moving platforms and robotic pickers — to aid orchard workers; and installation of reflective fabric (called DayBright) in orchard rows, which has boosted test yields by 23 percent. “It’s all about meeting and exceeding customers’ expectations,” said McFerson. “To do it, we build on research, we build on science.” Related Articles Editor's Note | 2017 certain to be a fascinating year Eye On | Buddy La Fleur's &#8212; Diners get what they like and expect Keeping successes while discarding those disappointments Eye On | Parker Manufacturing &#8212; Built from the family mold Ridge plan raises concern for elk, habitat Retailers agree to stop employee on-call scheduling Advertisements   SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram APPS Apple iOS Google Play SERVICES Subscribe Make a Payment Digital Edition E-mail Newsletters Newspaper in Education Special Publications Commercial Print Advertise With Us CALENDAR NCW Calendar Add an Event CONTACT US Paper Delivery Issue World of Savings Anniversaries Engagements Weddings Vacation Stop Letter to the Editor Staff Directory Contact Us MULTIMEDIA Videos Photos Photo Galleries Webcams CLASSIFIEDS Homes Jobs Business Classifieds PARTNERS The Art of Community NCW Foothills Magazine Lake Chelan This Week NCW Medical Directory Quincy Valley Post-Register The Washington Post National Weekly Wenatchee Mom Blog Wenatchee Valley Business World © The Wenatchee World 2017 Terms of Use Forum Standards Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Everence Capital Management Inc. Has $3,858,000 Position in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Stake Increased by Piermont Capital Management Inc. Northpointe Capital LLC Raises Stake in LSI Industries Inc. (LYTS) Culp, Inc. (CFI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Position Increased by Piermont Capital Management Inc. Redwood Trust, Inc. (RWT) Stake Boosted by Prudential Financial Inc. Insider Selling: Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Insider Sells 312 Shares of Stock Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Buys New Stake in Allergan PLC. (AGN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Lowers Position in Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX) Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Shares Bought by Profund Advisors LLC Insider Selling: Cadiz, Inc. (CDZI) CFO Sells 32,000 Shares of Stock Richard K. Vitelle Sells 10,100 Shares of CalAmp Corp. (CAMP) Stock Insider Selling: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Director Sells 6,500 Shares of Stock Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Maintains Stake in Equity Residential (EQR) Thomas Story & Son LLC Maintains Position in Cognex Corporation (CGNX) People s United Financial Inc. Has $4,438,000 Position in Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) International Paper Company (IP) Shares Bought by Brookstone Capital Management IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Shares Sold by Trillium Asset Management LLC INC Research Holdings, Inc. (INCR) CEO Sells $774,499.60 in Stock Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Shares Sold by Trillium Asset Management LLC Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Shares Bought by Probity Advisors Inc. December 31st, 2016 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Probity Advisors Inc. increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 1.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 2,958 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 41 shares during the period. Probity Advisors Inc.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $213,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Boston Research & Management Inc. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 5.8% in the third quarter. Boston Research & Management Inc. now owns 48,267 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $3,481,000 after buying an additional 2,665 shares during the period. Strategic Financial Services Inc boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.6% in the third quarter. Strategic Financial Services Inc now owns 33,753 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $2,434,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the last quarter. Affinity Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 34.4% in the third quarter. Affinity Investment Advisors LLC now owns 21,500 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,551,000 after buying an additional 5,500 shares during the last quarter. Ifrah Financial Services Inc. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 10.3% in the third quarter. Ifrah Financial Services Inc. now owns 17,893 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,290,000 after buying an additional 1,669 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Hirtle Callaghan & Co LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 14.8% in the third quarter. Hirtle Callaghan & Co LLC now owns 6,211 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $448,000 after buying an additional 800 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 28.80% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.20% on Friday, reaching $69.12. 6,889,488 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $70.52 and its 200 day moving average is $71.43. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a 12 month low of $60.20 and a 12 month high of $75.19. The firm has a market cap of $212.42 billion, a PE ratio of 14.99 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.03 earnings per share. Equities analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Shares Bought by Probity Advisors Inc.” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2016/12/31/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-shares-bought-by-probity-advisors-inc.html. Several research analysts recently commented on the stock. Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, November 19th. Piper Jaffray Companies restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, September 9th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Finally, Vetr upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $74.70 target price for the company in a report on Monday, December 26th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $75.30. In related news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes Democrats Promise to Undermine Certain Cabinet Confirmations Sanctions Leveled by the U.S. Against Russia for Hacking Inauguration Planners Bracing for Large Numbers of Protesters © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2016. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook US News New Years Day, Eve Hours: Walmart, Target, Costco, Best Buy, Kmart, Kroger, Publix US News New Years Day, Eve Hours: Walmart, Target, Costco, Best Buy, Kmart, Kroger, Publix By Jack Phillips, Epoch Times | December 31, 2016 AT 8:04 PM Last Updated: January 1, 2017 3:07 pm (AP Photo/Michael Conroy, File) Both Walmart and Target are open on New Year’s Day and New Year’s Eve—also on Monday, which is considered a federal holiday. Before going out, check ahead of time to determine the store hours—as some locations vary. Walmart hours: Open from 7 a.m. until midnight, while a few others are closing at 8 p.m. Target hours: Closing at 9 p.m. for New Year’s Eve. On New Year’s Day, hours are from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. Aldi: Closing 7 p.m. on New Year’s Eve. Closed on New Year’s Day. Best Buy: Hours are 10 a.m.-6 p.m New Year’s Eve. Open noon – 6 p.m. New Year’s Day. Costco – Closing 6 p.m. New Year’s Eve. Closed New Year’s Day. Dollar General – Open regular hours. Fresh Market – Closing 8 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 11 a.m.-7 p.m. New Year’s Day. Home Depot – 6 a.m.-6 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-7 p.m. New Year’s Day. Kroger – Open on both New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day. Check hours here. Kmart – Closing 9 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-8 p.m. New Year’s Day. Kohl’s – Closing 9 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-9 p.m. New Year’s Day. Lowe’s – 6 a.m.-6 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-6 p.m. New Year’s Day. Publix – closing 9 p.m. New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day, but some stores will close at 7 p.m. Starbucks – Closing 9 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 5:30 a.m.-8 p.m New Year’s Day. Trader Joe’s – closing 6 p.m. New Year’s Eve. Closed New Year’s Day. Whole Foods – closing 7 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-9 p.m. New Year’s Day. Walmart Supercenters are open 24 hours. Some CVS – Some are open 24 hours. Most store open normal hours on New Year’s Day, but some have different hours on New Year’s Eve. Some Walgreens – Some are open 24 hours. Most store open normal hours on New Year’s Day, but some have different hours on New Year’s Eve. According to Fox23, here are restaurant hours (but check before going in advance): Applebee’s: Most Applebee’s locations are open from 11 a.m. to midnight both days. Baskin-Robbins: Open on New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day Boston Market: Most locations open on both days Burger King: Most locations open on both days Chick-fil-A: Is closed on New Year’s Day. Chipotle: Limited hours on New Year’s Eve; closed on New Year’s (hours on New Year’s Eve set by location) Cracker Barrel: Open both days Dave & Buster’s: Most locations open on both days Denny’s: Most Denny’s locations remain open 24 hours or normal business hours Domino’s: Delivery is available both days Dunkin’ Donuts: Most locations open on both days IHOP: Open on New Year’s Eve; New Year’s Day hours vary by location Krispy Kreme: Most locations open on both days McDonald’s: Most locations open on both days Old Country Buffet: Most locations open on both days Olive Garden: Most locations open on both days Outback Steakhouse: Most locations open on both days Panda Express: Open both days Panera: Most locations open on both days Papa John’s: Most locations open on both days Pizza Hut: Open both days Red Lobster: Open both days Ruby Tuesday: Open both days   Editor’s Picks Top Chinese Leadership to Reshuffle in 2017 The Internet’s Growing Environmental Footprint ‘Fake News’ Crackdown Spreads Around the World Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in US NewsAvalanche kills Montana skier in Glacier National ParkHunter Found After Digging Into Snow to Survive BlizzardWoman Drives Into River to Avoid Cops, Boozes as Car FloatsMichigan Governor Makes Disaster Declaration Due to Sinkhole Latest in US Crime and Incidents Couple Found Dead With Sign on Door Warning Not to Go Inside US News Avalanche kills Montana skier in Glacier National Park US News Hunter Found After Digging Into Snow to Survive Blizzard US News Woman Drives Into River to Avoid Cops, Boozes as Car Floats US News Michigan Governor Makes Disaster Declaration Due to Sinkhole US News Brother: Suspect in Fla. Airport Shooting Treated for Mental Health Politics After Intel Brief, Trump Says Hack Had No Impact on Election Crime and Incidents Divers in Lake Erie Find Cockpit Recorder of Missing Plane Crime and Incidents 5 Dead, 8 Wounded in Shooting at Florida Airport, Suspect in Custody × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook Tech News Walmart, Target Hours for New Year’s Day, Eve Tech News Walmart, Target Hours for New Year’s Day, Eve By Jack Phillips, Epoch Times | December 31, 2016 AT 7:57 PM Last Updated: January 1, 2017 9:46 am What are Target and Walmart hours on New Year's Eve 2016 and New Year's Day 2017. Are they open or closed? (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) New Year’s Day is Sunday, Jan. 1, and many are wondering if Target and Walmart are open. Before going out, check ahead of time to determine the store hours—as some locations vary. Walmart is open New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day, with most stores having the hours of being open from 7 a.m. until midnight, while a few others are closing at 8 p.m. Target is closing at 9 p.m. for New Year’s Eve, and on New Year’s Day, hours are from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. Monday, meanwhile, is a federal holiday, but Walmarts and Targets will be open with their normal hours. Here are more stores’ hours for New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day: Aldi: Closing 7 p.m. on New Year’s Eve. Closed on New Year’s Day. Best Buy: Hours are 10 a.m.-6 p.m New Year’s Eve. Open noon – 6 p.m. New Year’s Day. Costco – Closing 6 p.m. New Year’s Eve. Closed New Year’s Day. Dollar General – Open regular hours. Fresh Market – Closing 8 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 11 a.m.-7 p.m. New Year’s Day. Home Depot – 6 a.m.-6 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-7 p.m. New Year’s Day. Kmart – Closing 9 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-8 p.m. New Year’s Day. Kohl’s – Closing 9 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-9 p.m. New Year’s Day. Lowe’s – 6 a.m.-6 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-6 p.m. New Year’s Day. Publix – closing 9 p.m. New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day, but some stores will close at 7 p.m. Starbucks – Closing 9 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 5:30 a.m.-8 p.m New Year’s Day. Trader Joe’s – closing 6 p.m. New Year’s Eve. Closed New Year’s Day. Whole Foods – closing 7 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-9 p.m. New Year’s Day. Walmart Supercenters are open 24 hours. Some CVS – Some are open 24 hours. Most store open normal hours on New Year’s Day, but some have different hours on New Year’s Eve. Some Walgreens – Some are open 24 hours. Most store open normal hours on New Year’s Day, but some have different hours on New Year’s Eve. Mail delivery won’t happen on New Year’s Day or Monday, Jan. 2. Schools are closed on all three days. State and federal offices are also closed Monday. And public transportation is likely using a holiday schedule on Monday. Banks are closed on Sunday, per usual, while most banks will not operate Monday as it is a federal banking holiday. Editor’s Picks Top Chinese Leadership to Reshuffle in 2017 The Internet’s Growing Environmental Footprint ‘Fake News’ Crackdown Spreads Around the World Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in Tech NewsShhh, Your Washing Machine Might Overhear YouSafeway & Albertsons Hours for New Year’s Day & EveFacebook to Curb ‘Fake News’ and Viral HoaxesThe Entrepreneur Fighting the Snoopers’ Charter in the UK With a Privacy-Protecting Web Browser Latest in Tech Tech News Shhh, Your Washing Machine Might Overhear You Tech News Safeway & Albertsons Hours for New Year’s Day & Eve Tech News Facebook to Curb ‘Fake News’ and Viral Hoaxes Gaming Winning Games, Losing Life Tech News The Entrepreneur Fighting the Snoopers’ Charter in the UK With a Privacy-Protecting Web Browser Social Media Internet Reaches Crossroads on Free Speech Tech News John McAfee on the Erosion of Privacy and Freedom Tech News Twitter accidentally suspends CEO Jack Dorsey’s account Canada Startup Weekend More Than Transforming Ideas Into Reality Quickly × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, January 06, 2017, 8:12 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Firm tames truck's electricity Purkeys is industry’s go-to expert for power-system issues By Emma Hurt This article was published January 1, 2017 at 2:09 a.m. PHOTO BY ANTHONY REYES Justin Purkey (left) with his father, Bruce, and sister Robyn Wassman gather at Purkeys facility in Lowell. The family builds electrical systems that help make commercial trucks more efficient. Comments aAFont Size When Bruce Purkey, then a regional service engineer for a subsidiary of General Motors, landed an account with J.B. Hunt, there wasn't a suitable distributor for the starters, alternators and batteries the transportation company had ordered. So, in 1990, he quit his job, moved to Arkansas and became that distributor himself. The company he started -- Purkeys -- has become an industry expert in a quiet but necessary niche in the heavy-duty trucking world: electrical charging systems. As his son Justin, the current CEO, said, "We make systems that make electrical systems more efficient." As to why it's a relatively under-the-radar niche, Justin Purkey said, "The industry just thought going through lots of batteries was the cost of doing business. "We can help them manage that so that at the end of the day they spend a lot less by making good decisions early on. I always say fleets have a whole truck to worry about. Electricity for us is everything, but for them, it's a very small part of it," he said. "The other thing is, you can see tires, oil and headlights. You can't see electricity. And today that's still one of the toughest parts of the vehicle for technicians to troubleshoot." Nearly 27 years ago, Bruce Purkey, his wife, Veronica, and their three children moved to Arkansas to open what has always been a family company. His 19-year-old daughter Robyn worked with him from day one. His wife put in some time as well, and his two other children worked summers in high school. Since then, the company has grown and shifted its identity dramatically, but it has remained a family operation. Justin Purkey swore he would never come back to the family business, but after a career in software implementation consulting on the East Coast, in 2010 he accepted his father's offer to take the helm of the Lowell company. The company has more than tripled its revenue since then, from $4.6 million to $14 million and grown from 12 employees to more than 60. From the beginning, Bruce Purkey has always solved problems for his growing list of clients like Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and American Freightways, problems beyond just delivering batteries, alternators and starters. Drawing on a mostly self-taught engineering background and familiarity with the industry, Bruce Purkey was able to do things like build a product to alert the driver when he hasn't set a parking brake and create a split battery system that would allow drivers to have some electricity in their cabs for "creature comforts" without running the engine. Back then, Bruce Purkey and his daughter Robyn Wassman, who is now executive director of finance and administration, built and assembled systems for J.B. Hunt. His other daughter, India, designed the label, and within years, the product became an industry standard that nearly all manufacturers build into their trucks. "Bruce probably knows more about electrical systems on a vehicle than anybody that I know," said Bob Ralston, former executive vice president for equipment and properties at J.B. Hunt. "He knows a lot. He helped our fleet a lot. He is very innovative and is widely respected in the industry." As Bruce Purkey put it, "When we first started working with them, J.B. Hunt had 3,000 trucks. Now they have over 11,000, and today they use one-fourth of the starters they did before." "They're all great companies in their own right," Bruce Purkey said of his customers. "All we did was try to make the electrical system on their truck work better and be more efficient, so that they were more reliable and electrical would not be a problem for the fleet." "Someone once said Bruce Purkey has made a career of doing what the original equipment manufacturers should have done," Justin Purkey said. Another product they developed was a way to keep trucks' lift gates properly charged. "Long story short, now we work with all the lift-gate manufacturers," Justin Purkey said. Purkeys also sells inverters to provide charging docks for drivers in berths powered by the truck battery, which feature a timer or voltage control to ensure the truck will still start. They make solar charging products and auxiliary power systems to keep the lights on in a trailer. Bruce Purkey has more than 10 patents and counting in his name. "We didn't provide products, we provided fixes," Justin Purkey said. "We never said, 'Look at this new product we're going to take to market.' J.B. Hunt had a problem? We fixed it." Justin Purkey has leveraged his business experience and his business degree to help Purkeys organize and establish efficient procedures and systems. When he arrived, inventory was still tracked on a white board. "I suffer from shiny object syndrome," Bruce Purkey explained. "I'm not sure I really like to sell stuff, I just like to fix stuff." The business administration was left up to Wassman, who learned everything as she went, beginning as a teenager. "I was just constantly putting out fires all the time. I didn't have a moment to step back and think about things," she said. "When we got Wal-Mart's business, I thought we were going to go out of business," Bruce Purkey recalled. "You buy products a month ahead of time, you sell them, and then you wait a month to get your money. Those were tremendous hits we took." He and Wassman went without pay several times in order to keep the rest of their employees paid. More than a year ago, signifying a big shift in company identity, Purkeys stopped distributing to focus on its own products. To Justin Purkey, it was simple: "Margins. We lost a third of our business when we stopped distributing, but that third of volume didn't make any money. It was just legacy business we did because we thought we had to. But when we really looked at the numbers it didn't make any sense. We add value because we develop solutions. You can buy batteries at any dealer or any distributor." Bruce Purkey said it was a difficult decision to accept. "When he showed me the numbers, my wallet said, 'You're absolutely right.' My heart said, 'But, that's what we do.'" After leading the company through the adjustment, Justin Purkey said the changes "allowed our team to focus on our own products. How do we make our own products? How do we make our own products better and not get distracted by other people's products? It has really been successful because it's allowing our team to focus on what we do best. "Purkeys wasn't really a company," he said. "It was Bruce Purkey, and he had this company that helped Bruce Purkey. And I think it's fantastic that he built this. But if there's going to be any legacy, any longevity, we needed to make sure it's not Bruce, it's Purkeys. We need to make sure without Bruce, we do have a Purkeys." Purkeys does not have a "true competitor," Justin Purkey said. "For a very long time I could say there were none because we were so small that we really flew under the radar." He said a few companies have started doing similar things, but Purkeys remains the "recognized industry expert in electrical systems for heavy-duty vehicles." As to the future of this business, he responded: "Purkeys adds value. It adds value to the industry, to our customers, to our employees, to our families. If we're not adding value, there's no sense in being here. So as long as we continue to add value, we will continue to exist." SundayMonday Business on 01/01/2017 Print Headline: Firm tames truck's electricity Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business City sets rule to remove satellite dishes Bankruptcy watch Business news in brief North Little Rock firm's package kiosk offers... Firm tames truck's electricity Japan's nuke cleanup snubs foreigners Gumshoes track customers using sites like Air... IPO rebound in forecast for '17 Americans retiring abroad on upswing More Business stories > Comments on: Firm tames truck's electricity To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Obama says he would support repealing health care law if GOP puts forward better plan (9 comments) Authorities: Teacher, husband operated meth lab (1 comment) Troopers to stop sending book with Bible verses to family of wreck victims after atheist's complaint (3 comments) Trump on border wall: Mexico will pay us back (13 comments) DANA D. KELLEY: Lose the sore (25 comments) Study: No pause in global warming (36 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  

Subscribe Sign In Register Home Contact CT Post Advertise with Us Subscribe Terms of Use Careers with Us Archives Newsletters Digital edition FAQ Submissions Whiplash winter ahead Weapon, ammo recovered after police officer leaves vehicle Sound Tigers coach Thompson proud as son Tage becomes ‘part of Malloy claims conservative credentials News Local Columnists Police Reports Regional Valley National World Politics Opinion Were you SEEN? Science and Technology Election Major roads just wet; slippery conditions on local roads Sen. Looney takes oath of office from his kidney donor Ken Dixon: News best left in rear-view mirror State Police ID victim in I-95 fatal Sports High Schools HS Football Colleges UConn MLB NFL NBA More Sports Hockey ‘Epic’ snowfall at New England ski resorts High school roundup: Trumbull boys defeat Harding ESPN: Randy Edsall agrees to return as head coach at UConn Immaculate girls work overtime in win over Brookfield Business Markets Real Estate Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Two Roads plans Bradley Airport expansion UnitedHealthcare to fill 50 new jobs in Shelton Watch company keeps tradition alive in Valley Commercial market experienced challenges in 2016 Entertainment Movies Music Arts Television Comics Horoscope Games Events 100 years of King Features Syndicate ‘The Comedy of Errors’ at Hartford Stage Casey Carle’s ‘BubbleMania’ promises to impress all ages ‘Festival of Lighthouses Contest’ at the Maritime Aquarium at Living Health Home and Garden Family Religion Travel Food Weddings Engagements Celebrate Summer Sponsored Content Town & Country Magazine: Top bachelors of 2017 Olives recalled due to ‘quality issue’ Veteran actor Brian Dennehy faces challenge of bleak Beckett play After the ballet Obituaries Blogs Classifieds Jobs Homes Rentals Cars Find & Save MenuSections http://www.ctpost.com/business/article/Greater-Bridgeport-and-the-Valley-a-year-in-10827264.php Greater Bridgeport and the Valley: a year in review By Keila Torres Ocasio Published 12:00 am, Sunday, January 1, 2017 Fairfield Connecticut took a hit early in 2016 with General Electric’s announcement in January that it would abandon its longtime headquarters on Easton Turnpike. By year’s end, the global giant had uprooted its 800 Fairfield employees, with most making their way south to Norwalk and several hundred going north to the company’s new home in Boston. The company’s sprawling Fairfield campus won’t stay empty for long, though, as Sacred Heart University announced in November that it had purchased the property, which sits less than a mile from the university’s own land, and would expand its program offerings there. In 2016, the town also worked to gauge the business community’s needs, concerns and ideas, a process that will result in a working plan that can be used to help Fairfield remain competitive, said Economic Development Director Mark Barnhart. The town also worked on its marketing efforts in 2016. “We unveiled a new town website and map and guide, which we are distributing throughout the region,” Barnhart said. “We’re looking to do more in 2017 to further enhance the Fairfield brand.” Derby Another community that experienced the departure of a large company was Derby, which saw Wal-Mart vacate its Route 34 location. That site remains vacant going into the new year. Adams Super Food Store also announced its closure in 2016, in the same plaza. The city was dealt another blow when the consultant hired to redevelop downtown criticized its long delayed Main Street widening project, calling it detrimental to Derby’s revitalization efforts. City officials are now trying to figure out how best to take those comments into account without negatively impacting nearly a decade’s work to widen Main Street. Not all news was bad news in 2016 for Derby, though. An AT&T store, a Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen and a Pet Valu pet store were announced as among the businesses planned for a new plaza next to the Aldi Supermarket on Pershing Drive. And on Division Street, the McDonald’s restaurant property was given a makeover with the construction of a brand-new building. Monroe Even as Wal-Mart was leaving Derby, the company was laying the groundwork for its new Supercenter on Victoria Drive in Monroe. Next door, along Main Street, the Kimball Group also plans to build a shopping center with enough space for 22 new stores. That work should be well under way in 2017. The construction had some small business owners in Monroe worried that the increased retail competition could hurt them. To deal with those concerns, the Monroe Chamber of Commerce scheduled a series of sessions on how to survive after the arrival of a big box store. The third session in the series will be held on Jan. 25. Trumbull In Trumbull, meanwhile, new shopping plazas built in 2016 at the Long Hill Green and on Madison Avenue meant more retail-space options for entrepreneurs looking to open small businesses. Openings in 2016 included Trumbull Pharmacy, Layla’s Falafel, Pure Poetry, Mex on Main, Upper Crust Bakery & Cafe and liquor store Ninety 9 Bottles, among many others. Rina Bakalar, Trumbull’s economic development director, said that in 2017 even more redevelopment of the Long Hill Green area is expected. The town has also identified the funds to move forward with its plans to extend the recreational trail to commercial areas, including Trumbull Center. And Bakalar said there’s been significant interest from businesses in properties that have been underutilized in town. “I think we’re going to have an even better year,” she said. Oxford Oxford also saw significant business investment in 2016 with the conclusion of initial work on a major Route 67 project. In the latter half of the year, Market 32 — a Price Chopper brand — Ace Hardware store, Dollar Tree, Goodwill and Newtown Savings Bank branch all opened in the $70 million Towne Center/Quarry Walk development. Once completed, the new town center will have more than 215,000 square feet of retail space and 150 residential units. Bridgeport The state’s largest city made significant progress in 2016 on its East Side and downtown revitalization projects. The opening of the apartments at the Security building in Downtown North marked the first successful project in that part of the neighborhood. The rest of the downtown had its ups and downs in 2016, with the opening and closing of several businesses. The Bijou Theatre got a new operator during the summer after initially announcing its closure just a few months after its neighbor, Two Boots, shut its doors for good in the spring. Two Boots’ Fairfield Avenue space wasn’t empty for long, as Milano Wine Bar & Pizzeria had opened there by summer. Can Tiin also closed downtown, while a few blocks away, 4 Corners Billiards opened its doors on Bank Street and Meatball Heaven opened in the Arcade. On the East Side, where Bridgeport officials have plans for a second train station, the city took ownership of the former Remington land on Barnum Avenue and construction on phase one of the Crescent Crossings apartments buildings was completed. Phase two is now under way. Shelton Like Bridgeport, Shelton saw visible progress in downtown revitalization in 2016, with the start of construction on Bridge Street Commons, a mixed-use building that will have space for a restaurant, retail shops and 38 apartments, and the approval of several of developer John Guedes’ projects along Canal Street. In 2017, Guedes said, he plans to begin work on turning the former Spongex building into 47 loft-style residential units, a commercial building at the former Rolfite property and a 68-apartment River Breeze Residential planned next to the existing Avalon apartments. Plans are also under way to build Phoenix Towers, a mixed-use building with storefronts, offices space and 24 one-bedroom apartments, on the land at 434-56 Howe Ave., which has been vacant since a fire destroyed the building there in 2014. Ansonia While new housing is a major downtown component for Shelton, Ansonia’s restaurants stole the spotlight in that city’s downtown progress. Rosa Mina’s restaurant, Lulu Pazzo Italiano and Warszawa Polish Restaurant were among the new offerings in 2016. The Copper City Bar & Grill also celebrated its first anniversary in the city. Downtown Ansonia also saw the start of its first construction in decades, as work began on Main Street for Massimino’s Pizzeria. Stratford Stratford’s new businesses, on the other hand, came in all shapes, sizes and industries. The year ended with the news that AMEC Carting, a construction and waste company based in Norwalk, would be expanding into Stratford, taking over the former Garbage Museum site. Also expanding in Stratford was Kubtec, a digital imaging company, that moved from Milford to a larger building on Research Drive. Several recreational facilities, including Jump Off and Jump Shot Range, also opened in town. The town welcomed FedEx, which opened its new 225,000-square-foot building on Lordship Boulevard in 2016. Jon Angel, of Angel Commercial in Southport, called it the largest single-tenant industrial building to come online in the third quarter of the year, locally. Milford The city also saw a mix of new small and big businesses opening in 2016, including REI Co-op, which opened in the new plaza at the former Smiles Entertainment Center location on the Boston Post Road. ShopRite also had its grand opening at another new plaza, this one on the former site of the Showcase Cinemas. The new store at 915 Boston Post Road is 20 percent larger than the Cherry Street location the grocer had occupied since the 1980s. Milford Mayor Benjamin Blake said that over the last two years the city has seen a 26 percent increase in new business openings. He said 2016 proved to be a good year for the city, with a jump in the grand list helping to keep property owners’ taxes down. “The best is yet to come,” Blake said. Easton The small town didn’t host a great deal of ribbon cuttings in 2016, but residents did celebrate a major victory when the legal battle over the proposed Saddle Ridge development on 124.7 acres of watershed land along Sport Hill Road ended after more than five years. Residents and town officials had for years argued that proposals to build roughly 100 housing units on the land were too intense. In 2016, a Superior Court judge ruled in favor of the town’s and residents’ positions and then the Appellate Court decided not to take up the case, essentially ending the debate. ktorres@hearstmediact.com; 203-330-6227 Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Walmart Dare to Compare Sale for $99 WalmartPosted 13 hr 56 min ago SHOP NOW Ticketmaster coupon Buy 1 ticket, get 1 free TicketmasterPosted 13 hr 21 min ago SHOP NOW Electric Fireplaces at Walmart from $35 + free shipping w/ $50 WalmartPosted 3 hr 5 min ago SHOP NOW Ultra Steel 113-Piece Mechanics Tool Set for $15 + pickup at... WalmartPosted 1 day 9 hr ago Most Popular 1 14 Connecticut hospitals penalized for infection rates, injuries 2 Shake-up at school bus company 3 Mom kicked out of first class over crying baby 4 Warrant issued for murder suspect 5 Malloy claims conservative credentials 6 Pay cuts for four key Ganim aides 7 Bridgeport Y closing gym to adults View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Careers Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Ad Choices About Our Ads Your California Privacy Rights Contact Contact Us FAQ CTPost iPhone App Today's eEdition Feedback Submissions Connect Newsletter Sign-Up Facebook Twitter Google+ Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Media Services Connecticut, LLC
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today.com Sun logo Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing President Obama: The Legacy Turkey Military Coup TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Pop Culture Music Celebrity TV Movies Viral Pop Culture Dec 30 2016, 9:00 am ET Run-DMC Sues Wal-Mart, Amazon for $50 Million Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement NEW YORK — Run-DMC filed a $50 million lawsuit in New York accusing Wal-Mart, Amazon, Jet and other retailers of selling products that traded on the rap group's name without permission. A founder of the group and owner of the Run-DMC brand, Darryl "DMC" McDaniels, was listed as the plaintiff in the lawsuit, which was filed Thursday in the Southern District of New York. Run DMC pose at the Grammy Awards in 1988. From left, Joseph Simmons, Darryl McDaniels, and the late Jason Mizell. MARK LENNIHAN / AP, file The complaint said the defendants are "advertising, selling, manufacturing, promoting and distributing multiple products" in the group's trademarked name. The products include glasses, hats, T-shirts, patches, wallets and other items. The lawsuit alleged that the retailers have improperly profited, diluted and harmed the Run-DMC brand, which it said has generated more than $100 million in revenue since its inception in the 1980s. It called the Run-DMC brand "extremely valuable," and said it is the subject of several licensing agreements, including to endorse Adidas sneakers from Adidas The lawsuit alleges defendants are confusing consumers into believing that Run-DMC endorsed their products and are trading on the goodwill associated with the name, in violation of federal trademark and New York unfair competition laws. Run-DMC was founded in New York in 1981 by McDaniels, Joseph "Run" Simmons, Darryl "DMC" and Jason "Jam Master Jay" Mizell, who was fatally shot in his Queens recording studio in 2002. McDaniels and Simmons later announced that the group had officially disbanded. The group's hits include "King of Rock, "It's Tricky," and "Can You Rock It Like This." In 2009, Run-DMC was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, becoming only the second rap act to be awarded that honor. Amazon and Wal-Mart, which also owns Jet, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Contributor The Associated Press and Reuters Topics Music, Business News, U.S. news First Published Dec 30 2016, 7:19 am ET Next Story 'Hidden Figures' Soundtrack's Kim Burrell Booted From 'Ellen' After Anti-Gay Sermon Surfaces advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Homepage WhatCulture About Team Advertise Contact Careers Shop WCPW Videos Youtube Facebook Twitter Videos Search Home Film WWE Gaming TV Comics Science Sport Music Offbeat Write For Us Comps Write for Us Sign In Youtube Facebook Twitter Home Film Hi WWE Hi Gaming Hi TV Hi Comics Hi Science Hi Sport Hi Music Hi Offbeat Hi Write For Us More Extra Search User menu Film Content Home Most Read Lists News Reviews Videos 50 Most Anticipated Movies Of 2017 - Ranked 15 Most Hotly Anticipated Movie Scenes Of 2017 Every Star Wars Movie Villain Ranked From Worst To Best 17 Stupid Mistakes That Somehow Made It Into 2016 Movies WWE Content Home Most Read Lists News Reviews Videos 12 Ups And 15 Downs For WWE In 2016 10 Most Disappointing Wrestlers Of 2016 14 Things We Learned From NJPW Wrestle Kingdom 11 4 Ups And 4 Downs From Last Night's WWE Smackdown (Jan 3) Gaming Content Home Most Read Lists News Reviews Videos WhatCulture.com’s 10 Most Read Articles Of 2016 15 Essential PS4 Games Every New Owner Must Play 10 Upcoming January 2017 Video Game Releases To Look Out For 19 Best Intros In Sports Video Games History TV Content Home Most Read Lists News Reviews Videos 25 Most Hotly Anticipated New TV Shows Of 2017 20 Best TV Shows Of 2016  10 Worst TV Shows Of 2016 20 Best TV Episodes Of 2016  Comics Content Home Most Read Lists News Reviews Videos Arrowverse: The 'Big Bads' Of Every Season - Ranked 10 Controversial Changes Movies Made To The Comic Book Source (That Actually Improved It) 10 Things You Didnt Know About Nightwing 10 Best Comics Of 2016 Science Content Home Most Read Lists News Reviews Videos 10 Most Compelling Pieces Of Evidence That Prove Time Travel Exists 10 Most Compelling Pieces Of Evidence That Prove Ghosts Are Real 10 Most Compelling Pieces Of Evidence That Prove Aliens Have Visited Earth 7 Ways 'The Food Babe' Spectacularly Fails To Grasp Science Sport Content Home Most Read Lists News Reviews Videos FIFA 17: 10 Surprisingly Fun Teams To Play As 10 Best Sports Video Games Of 2016 19 Best Intros In Sports Video Games History 6 Men Who Weren't Afraid To Be Themselves Music Content Home Most Read Lists News Reviews Videos 10 Bands Synonomous With WWE 20 Best Hard Rock & Heavy Metal Guitar Riffs Of 2016 10 Most Anticipated Rock And Metal Albums Of 2017 10 Bands Who Should Play President Donald Trump's Inauguration Offbeat Content Home Most Read Lists News Reviews Videos 12 Signs You're Getting Too Old For Video Games 6 Men Who Weren't Afraid To Be Themselves 20 Problems Only Real Scousers Will Understand 4 Reasons Why Universal Orlando Rules Christmas 5 Reasons The Wizard Of Oz Is One Of The Most Progressive Books Ever It's been 100 years, and here in the States, we still haven't caught up with the land of Oz. Share Tweet Flipboard MGM L. Frank Baum set out to write a fairy tale with an American flavor. Today, that would consist of leprechauns with six packs of beer, ridiculously large belt buckles, and Walmart gift cards. But in 1900, it meant a story about a young girl being whisked away to a land of magic and fairies to fight witches, battle gnomes, and explore a world of whimsy and wonder. It's relatively well known that Baum really didn't have much intention to keep writing the Oz books, despite having written 15, (if you count the little wizard stories). He really wanted to write other children's books, but fans were so enamored they begged for more and more. What resulted from his continued writing was a series that to this day would ruffle the feathers of many conservative parents who picked the books up, instead of plopping their kids in front of the TV to watch Judy "I'm way too old to be playing an 11 year old" Garland sing her way through Hollywood's backlots. What do I mean? Well... Next + Film 24 Harry Potter Easter Eggs And Details You Probably Missed 12 Scariest Stephen King Books 10 Novels Strongly Connected To Stephen King's The Dark Tower In this post:  judy garland The Wizard Of Oz   Posted On:  1st Jan 2017 Contributor Andrew Benge Contributor Twitter I'm a writer, father, and student. I was born in the southern United States, and currently reside on the coast of Georgia. See more from Andrew Discussion WhatCulture.com + Offbeat 13 Best Stephen King Short Stories Of All Time + Offbeat 10 Creepiest Ever Stephen King Characters 10 Novels Strongly Connected To Stephen King's The Dark Tower + Film 24 Harry Potter Easter Eggs And Details You Probably Missed Stephen King's 10 Best Non-Horror Tales WhatCulture.com Company Pages About Us Contact Us Careers Advertise With Us Sign Up Youtube Facebook Twitter Delivering passionate and comprehensive entertainment coverage to millions of users world-wide each month. Seen on Sky News; featured in The Guardian, NY Times, The Independent and more. 40,000+ articles posted by thousands of contributors spanning the entire cultural spectrum. Sign Up © What Culture Ltd. 2017 All Rights Reserved. — Privacy Policy
skip to main content Public Media for Southern New Mexico & Far West Texas Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Regional News Local Viewpoints National/World Weather Forecast NM Road Conditions TX Road Conditions KRWG News Video Community Events PUENTES Business Health Arts and Life Technology Sports Fronteras Reports next avenue Television TV Schedule Television Programs A-Z Watch KRWG News Video Watch PBS Video PBS Kids BBC News PBS NewsHour Nightly Business Report Newsmakers In Focus Fronteras Pláticas Living Here Community Connection New Mexico Now KRWG Music Spotlight American Graduate Champions Your Legislators Field Trip! News 22 Radio Radio Schedule Radio Programs A-Z LISTEN LIVE Morning Edition Here & Now All Things Considered Marketplace Monday Business Watch Silver City Report The Bulletin On The Radio Your Weekend Pulse Fronteras Images Fiesta! KRWG Jazz & Blues Intermezzo Voice of the Public StoryCorps About Us KRWG/NMSU Parking Permit Station Information On-Air Staff Where To Watch & Listen Airwaves Guide Outage Updates Editorial Policy Meetings Information FCC Public File EEO Reports Diversity Statement Content Reports Financial Information Support KRWG Become A Member Or Renew Payroll Deduction Donate Your Car amazon.com shopPBS.org Passport Planned Giving Underwriters Challenge Grant Partners Donor Privacy Prize Drawing Rules Connect With Us Contact Us Submit Event For Community Calendar Technical Questions/Report Problems Facebook Twitter YouTube Search KRWG KRWG Menu Home News Regional News Local Viewpoints National/World Weather Forecast NM Road Conditions TX Road Conditions KRWG News Video Community Events PUENTES Business Health Arts and Life Technology Sports Fronteras Reports next avenue Television TV Schedule Television Programs A-Z Watch KRWG News Video Watch PBS Video PBS Kids BBC News PBS NewsHour Nightly Business Report Newsmakers In Focus Fronteras Pláticas Living Here Community Connection New Mexico Now KRWG Music Spotlight American Graduate Champions Your Legislators Field Trip! News 22 Radio Radio Schedule Radio Programs A-Z LISTEN LIVE Morning Edition Here & Now All Things Considered Marketplace Monday Business Watch Silver City Report The Bulletin On The Radio Your Weekend Pulse Fronteras Images Fiesta! KRWG Jazz & Blues Intermezzo Voice of the Public StoryCorps About Us KRWG/NMSU Parking Permit Station Information On-Air Staff Where To Watch & Listen Airwaves Guide Outage Updates Editorial Policy Meetings Information FCC Public File EEO Reports Diversity Statement Content Reports Financial Information Support KRWG Become A Member Or Renew Payroll Deduction Donate Your Car amazon.com shopPBS.org Passport Planned Giving Underwriters Challenge Grant Partners Donor Privacy Prize Drawing Rules Connect With Us Contact Us Submit Event For Community Calendar Technical Questions/Report Problems Facebook Twitter YouTube Search Pacheco: Stop Using NAFTA To Demonize Trade By jerry pacheco-president-border industrial association • Jan 1, 2017 TweetShareGoogle+Email Commentary:  Let’s paint a scenario: A U.S. manufacturer based in El Paso, Texas, makes plastic injection parts that it sells to a company in Juarez, Mexico manufacturing components for the auto industry. The Mexican company’s parts are combined with other suppliers’ parts from Canada, Europe, and Asia, and are incorporated into a General Motors vehicle being manufactured in Kentucky. The relationship between the El Paso and Juarez companies was made possible because the 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) reduced the tariffs for the U.S. company to sell its products into Mexico, and for the Mexican company to sell its products to the Kentucky GM plant.  The company in Juarez employs 200 and the company in El Paso 66 – I am using these numbers based on the formula that economists at agencies such as the Federal Reserve use, which states that for every 10 jobs created in Mexico’s maquiladora (twin plant) industry, three are created on the U.S. side of the border, in either manufacturing or logistics. The Mexicans working in the Juarez plant take the pesos they earn in their job and buy products/services on the U.S. side of the border, accounting for approximately one out of every eight dollars spent in El Paso’s retail sector. The Mexican workers also purchase U.S.-made products/services at places in Mexico such as Home Depot, Walmart, McDonalds and Applebee’s.    Enter President-elect-Donald Trump. Without understanding the intertwined nature of the U.S. and Mexican economies, which depend heavily on each other for their own economic health, he cancels NAFTA or weakens it. With the help of Republicans in Congress, he also manages to slap tariffs on Chinese imports. The Mexican government retaliates against new U.S. tariffs on its manufactured products, as does the Chinese government. The Juarez company finds that it is not cost competitive to manufacture its products in Mexico because of new U.S. tariffs on products manufactured in Mexico. It does production cost calculations and concludes that in spite of tariffs on Chinese imports to the U.S., the more economical labor in China is the best way to remain in business. It closes its plant in Juarez and gives the pink slip to 200 workers, who now do not have the money to buy U.S. products and shop in El Paso. Out of desperation, many of these workers will illegally cross into the U.S. to seek economic opportunities, thus increasing the flow of illegal immigration.   Mexico’s economy takes a hit because of the aggressive U.S. action, and the peso plunges. This makes U.S. goods sold in Mexico more expensive for Mexicans, who buy less of them. Conversely, it makes Mexican products sold in the U.S. cheaper for Americans, who gobble up more consumer electronics, furniture, medical products, and food. This causes the U.S. trade deficit to balloon.  Meanwhile, the El Paso company loses its major client in Mexico and decides to close its operation because it can’t compete against Chinese plastic injection operations. All 66 of its employees lose their jobs, and the economic multiplier effect of the company and its employees spending money to buy products and services in El Paso vanishes. The owner leasing the building to the plastic injection operation now has empty space. Maintenance costs and taxes accrue without good prospects to lease the space in the future, because what happened to the plastic injection company is happening to thousands of businesses on the U.S.-Mexico border that depend on a cross-border trade relationship free of tariffs and non-tariff barriers. Oh, and by the way, the new automobile that you were planning to buy will cost several thousand dollars more.  Although simple in its explanation, this is not a far-fetched scenario. The point is that in today’s interconnected global economy, you cannot tinker with one element and not expect effects in other areas. Unraveling NAFTA is an example of how a trade relationship can be damaged when trying to institute political rhetoric into reality to appease supporters after you have made free trade, NAFTA, and Mexico a scapegoat in the presidential campaign. I would expect a struggling and possibly uneducated person, who has seen automation and globalization transform traditional industry in the U.S. to view trade as a scapegoat. I am surprised that Trump, a self-declared business genius, would not understand the complexities of world trade. Perhaps he does, and he was smart enough to know that this wedge issue would help him get elected.  By Trump’s campaign rhetoric, he claims he will bring back all of the jobs to the U.S. that were lost to globalization. As we can see from my simple scenario, it is not that easy. Ironically, many people with whom this part of the Trump message resonated, are the uneducated, unskilled workers that will not be able to benefit from increasingly technical production jobs. My biggest takeaway from the presidential election is the education component and how stratified the U.S. is becoming from an opportunity standpoint between those who have an education that allows them to get ahead in life, and those that don’t. This influences the ability of a person to understand complex world economics, while being in a position of having skills that can secure a good job and a promising economic future. Hopefully, the new administration and Congress will focus on bridging this education gap for the benefit of our country’s future, and stop demonizing trade, which will continue to create opportunities for U.S. companies in the future.     Jerry Pacheco's columns first appear in The Albuquerque Journal. TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 KRWG Donate Now Search Contact Us Listen LIVE Regional Local Viewpoints KRWG News Video National/World Business Health Sports Weather NM Roads TX Roads Community Events Where to Watch & Listen Radio Schedule TV Schedule PBS and KRWG Video
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On Air Listen Listen Live radioPup Events Evansville Job Fair Calendar of Events Submit your Event to the Newstalk Calendar Expo Events Vendor Application VIPs VIP Exclusive Benefits Sign Up VIP Help Contests Perfect Season Pickem 2016 Camaro Giveaway Newstalk VIP Contests Weather Local Tri-State Better Business Bureau Westside Nut Club Fall Festival Digital Job Hub Seize the Deal Contact Us Help & Contact Info Feedback Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Tip Us What’s Hot: Evansville Job Fair Tristate News Weather BBB Purdue Indianapolis Colts Five Great Customer Service Experiences in Evansville By Ashley S. January 1, 2017 10:16 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Michael Nagle, Getty Images Returning Christmas gifts is always a PAIN in the butt. But, it’s fun to pick out what I want. There are some stores that (understandably) have strict return policies and some that are a bit nicer when it comes to taking back items. So, I wanted to give a shout out to the companies who demonstrated some really great customer service even under large amounts of traffic.  1. TARGET  I went over to the East side Target to return an item that I looked up online. The product could have come from anywhere really but Janet at Target East Side customer service was really nice about it and gave me full price. Some places give you the lowest price point that year. You know someone paid $29.99 for those jammies and you get the 99 cents in-store credit. I also have a Red Card (debit) that gives me 5% off all purchase, free shipping, and I don’t need to keep a receipt to return stuff. 2. Walmart Walmart’s return center is great (except for the lines). They are pretty much no questions asked. I bought an item that broke in the first couple minutes of buying it. I took it back – they apologized and gave me a full refund. I mean, you’d think that would be standard at any retailer, but it’s not. For instance, Coleman charges a 15% restocking fee even if you received a broken item! WHAT?! Ashley S 3. Melissa and Doug Toys Santa brought this cute little trace toy to my daughter for Christmas. My daughter has kind of grown out of the princesses and has moved on to big girl toys. I really like that this toy shows astronauts, firemen, and superheroes, but all the faces were boy faces. She likes these things but wanted a girl face, so I went to the website and inquired if they offered the toy for girls. A couple of days later, Lisa, from their corporate office called to let me know that the only similar toy they had was a princess/fashion themed one. She also took the time to explain what the company Melissa and Doug was planning for 2017. They’ll be offering more options for girls that highlight superheroes, medical professionals, police officers, and other stereotypical boy toys. Then, she offered to send me a similar product to try out. That’s awesome! 4. Chewy.com If you have a pet, you should just go ahead and check out this site now. Not only do they offer pet products at a very low price, they have a GREAT customer service department. Every time I’ve had a question, they call me and walk me through it. They are great about returns and even sent a hand-written thank you note to one of my friends who uses chewy also. 5. Old Navy I can’t keep up with receipts. I just can’t. Luckily, all you need at Old Navy is the card you paid with. They look it up and give you the full amount back. Rock on! So, did you have any great customer service experiences this holiday season? I’d love to hear them!   Category: What's New Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of Newstalk 1280 Scam Impersonates International Monetary Fund Former Evansville Otters Manager Greg Jelks Passes Away at Age 55 Central High School is Closed Today Due to Potential Threats of Violence on Social Media Saturday’s Clean Evansville Event at Garvin Park Cancelled Due to Weather Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the DJs Offsite User WGBFAM on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: The Latest from News Talk 1280 Candy-Loving Mom Hides From Kids In Search Of Just a Moment’s Peace January 6, 2017 8:00 PM 4 Teens in Police Custody After Posting Torture of Special-Needs Man on Facebook [UPDATED] January 6, 2017 6:00 PM Shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport: 5 Dead, 8 Injured; Shooter in Custody [UPDATED] January 6, 2017 3:00 PM EVSC, EPD, Local Mental Health Professionals Discuss Events Surrounding Central High School January 6, 2017 1:41 PM Join Now Get access to exclusive contests, giveaways, and benefits! Give feedback, play games & trivia, and earn points to get closer to those rewards! Sign Up Now Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! EEO Advertise with Newstalk 1280 Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Evansville Business Listings Welcome back to Newstalk VIPs It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Newstalk VIPs It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://newstalk1280.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Newstalk VIPs (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Newstalk VIPs brought to you by: Sign up for Newstalk VIPs Register Now Sign up for Newstalk VIPs quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Newstalk VIPs brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Newstalk VIPs contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Newstalk VIPs brought to you by: WGBFAM Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On Air Schedule Listen Listen Live Mobile Mobile APP Events Polly’s All Nighter Submit An Event VIP Club Sign Up Contests Contest Rules VIP Support Submit a Birthday Local Expert Win Stuff Pro Football Pick’Em Lovin Moments Motown In Our Town $150 Regal Entertainment Gift Card iRobot Roomba 880 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner $200 Amazon Gift Card Fire HD 8 Tablet Weather School Closings Keeler Tees for Tots Show Notes/Audio Keeler Cow Shirt Keeler Hobika Free Money Contest Contact Help & Contact Info Website Feedback Submit an Event Advertise With Us Careers Be An Event Vendor Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube subscribe via RSSTip Us TRENDING: WIBX950 APP School Closings & Delays Motown In Our Town CNY Scoreboard This Week In The Mohawk Valley Football Pick’Em Downtown Utica Hospital Traffic Advisories Utica Comets News Lottery Results NY Green Bank Lends $25 Million To Fuel Cell Company By Associated Press January 1, 2017 9:32 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Photo Credit – Chris Hondros, Getty Images ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — The state-sponsored New York Green Bank is lending $25 million to an Albany-area manufacturer to expand fuel cell use at distribution centers for clients such as Wal-Mart and Home Depot. The Green Bank is a division of the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority. It was created to foster development of clean energy and reduce emissions linked to climate change. NYSERDA says the loan to Latham-based Plug Power will support the deployment of 1,300 fuel cell systems to distribution centers over the next three years. Under the agreement, Plug Power is to create up to 100 new jobs in New York. Plug Power makes hydrogen fuel cells that replace less-efficient and dirtier lead acid batteries in forklifts and pallet jacks. MORE STATE AND NATIONAL NEWS Filed Under: albany | clean energy | new york state energy research and development authority Category: Associated Press | New York News | News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best Of WIBX950 Two Charged With Passing Counterfeit Money In New Hartford Griffo And Brindisi Sworn In At Albany Elementary School Utica Man Facing Drug Charges DiNapoli: Local Governments Challenged By Slow Revenue Growth Recommended For You ZergNet Best Of The Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Hosts and Reporters Keeler in the Morning Jeff Monaski Andrew Derminio Jim Rondenelli All Hosts and Reporters WIBX on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: The Latest from WIBX Western NY Candy Shop Used In ‘The Natural’ Getting Upgrades January 6, 2017 Two Charged With Passing Counterfeit Money In New Hartford January 6, 2017 NY Problem Gamblers Can Get Care At State Treatment Centers January 6, 2017 Move Over Law Being Expanded January 6, 2017 WIBX's Daily Deal $20 Certificate to Encore Lounge Inside Radisson Hotel Utica Centre Buy This Deal Now EEO Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Utica Business Listings Welcome back to IBX INCENTIVE CLUB It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to IBX INCENTIVE CLUB It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://wibx950.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to IBX INCENTIVE CLUB (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here IBX INCENTIVE CLUB brought to you by: Sign up for IBX INCENTIVE CLUB Register Now Sign up for IBX INCENTIVE CLUB quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! IBX INCENTIVE CLUB brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive IBX INCENTIVE CLUB contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook IBX INCENTIVE CLUB brought to you by: WIBX 950 Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Local news What we want in 2017: Compassion, good eats, clear streets and more trees SUNDAY, JAN. 1, 2017, 5:45 A.M. (Spokesman-Review / FILE - Wishes for the new year are a time-honored tradition, and we asked a number of local people what they’d like to see in 2) From staff reports Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS `A year ago we asked movers and shakers in the Inland Northwest to name one thing they’d like to see happen in 2016. Some came true. In October, Washington State University announced its medical school in Spokane received preliminary accreditation, a goal of the school’s president, Lisa Brown, and Scott Morris, chief executive of Avista. Voters also approved a sales tax increase to fund additional Spokane Transit Authority services, fulfilling the wishes of state Rep. Marcus Riccelli and former Spokane City Councilman Jon Snyder. Other goals went unfulfilled. The Inland Northwest didn’t receive new Chick-fil-A or In-N-Out Burger franchises, to the chagrin of our bellies – and Eastern Washington men’s basketball coach Jim Hayford and Whitworth football coach Rod Sandberg. Gonzaga’s basketball team earned a Sweet 16 appearance but lost in a 63-60 nailbiter to Syracuse that dashed their Final Four hopes and the wishes of several respondents to our inquiries in December. We reached out again to folks in our community as the calendar neared 2017 and asked them to name one thing they’d like to see happen in the new year. Some answers were specific, while others broadly described ways to improve where we live. Here are the New Year’s resolutions for our community, from those who live in it. Kip Hill Holiday spirit all year ’round Kate Hansen, 34, co-owner of Sante Restaurant and Charcuterie, Common Crumb Artisan Bakery, Hogwash Whiskey Den and Inland Pacific Kitchen: “My wish for our community next year is the idea of grace. I define grace to be a combination of humility, patience and compassion for self and others … taking time to learn someone’s story or context before writing them off. The same can be applied to our fair city as it encounters stretches of slow growth, then growing pains, and then the naturally following, albeit unfamiliar, change.” Jim Hayford, 49, Eastern Washington men’s basketball coach: “My hope for the new year is kindness in our community, wins on the court and lots of laughs with all my friends.” Lacie Hull, 17, Central Valley girls basketball player (Lexie’s twin sister): “I think it’d be great to see our communities help the families in need. It seems sad that the only time of year we support families is Thanksgiving and Christmas. What if our community helped out on kids’ birthdays? It’s truly the one time of year that people are celebrated as an individual. It would be awesome if we could have giving trees at local stores like Walmart or Fred Meyer for kids under 18.” Rabbi Tamar Malino, 45, of Temple Beth Shalom: “In the new year, I would like to see an absence of hateful graffiti in Spokane, and further development of our community and interfaith collaborations.” Regina Malveaux, YWCA chief executive officer: “I do believe that we are experiencing a unique moment in history when those who believe in respect, safety and dignity for all have the opportunity to be a voice for those feeling attacked or vulnerable. I was so proud to see friends and neighbors in Spokane come together to stand up against hate when it reared its ugly head in our community. In the coming year I look forward to seeing our community continue to be a one which comes together in support of all of our citizens.” Scott Oakshott, 59, director of Spokane Valley Tech: “What I would like to see is all people taking responsibility for their portion of our society. A very small step but what if we all did that! Wow!” Freddie Rehkow, 47, Central Valley High School basketball coach: “My answer would have to be something that has become very personal to me, and that would be our ‘Kick Cancer’ game that we started this year in honor of Childhood Cancer Awareness month in September. … I would like to see our entire Spokane area participate, support and recognize a Kick Cancer game in the entire city of Spokane next September.”. Jennifer Schlenske, 40, director of Spokane Valley Partners: “I would like to see Spokane better understand the prevalence of mental illness and the possibility of recovery. People battling mental health illnesses are constantly contending for acceptance that their health disorder is every bit as serious, and treatable, as a physical ailment.” Hershel Zellman, 68, member of the the Spokane County Human Rights Task Force and a retired family practice physician: “I would like to see the people of our community, without hesitation, reaching out to one another with a helping hand and a respectful voice.” Tod Marshall, 49, Washington poet laureate and professor at Gonzaga University: “In Section 19 of ‘Song of Myself,’ Walt Whitman writes, ‘I will not have a single person slighted or left away.’ Practicing that openness, that hospitality, leads, I believe, to values that allow us to imagine radical acts of compassion. In 2017, I believe that this might be an important aspiration for myself, for my immediate communities, and for the larger communities of which I am a part.” Helping out our furry friends Mike Fagan, 56, Spokane City councilman: I want to have a community conversation about whether the City of Spokane should establish standards for service animals in public places, on top of federal and state regulations. Nancy Hill, 62, director of Spokane County Regional Animal Protection Services (SCRAPS): “I would like to see a world in which all cats and dogs are sterilized, vaccinated, microchipped and wearing a current SCRAPS pet license!” Lexie Hull, 17, Central Valley girls basketball player (Lacie’s twin sister): “I absolutely love animals, more specifically homeless/rescue animals. After volunteering at the Humane Society, I realized there is a significant need to find these animals a permanent home. It would be great to see our community take action to place these animals.” Promoting the community Lenny Bart, 55, artistic director of Spokane Civic Theatre: “I would love to see the downtown Spokane streets clear of renovations and repairs, so I can go downtown, park, see a show, meet with friends for a bite and not have to pretend I’m on a slalom course.” David Condon, 42, Spokane mayor: “My resolutions for 2017 include driving down crime, working to end homelessness in our community, increasing household income, and a collaborative approach to sustainable community development and growth.” Gynii Abracosa Gilliam, 57, president of Coeur d’Alene Area Economic Development Corp./Jobs Plus: “To see our community build a strong economy that includes research and development, information systems and other forward-thinking sectors. To plan proactively for a future where jobs and opportunities in health, aerospace and aviation, technology, advanced manufacturing, and all industries are plentiful.” Myles Kennedy, 47, rock musician, lead singer of Alter Bridge, co-founder of Future Song: “I would love to see a continued transformation and revitalization of downtown Spokane. It’s come a long way in the last few years, so I’m optimistic for 2017. Breathing new life into buildings like the former Ridpath Hotel, as well as seeing more growth of the residential core, would do wonders for the downtown area.” Cheryl Kilday, 55, president and CEO of Visit Spokane: “To continue my nudge to change the way Spokane sees itself and move the meter toward viewing Spokane as a regional destination known for being a vibrant, creative, hassle-free urban center of the Intermountain Northwest.” Ed Pace, 69, Spokane Valley City Councilman: “We become a community where the silent majority will come out and say, ‘Hey, this is my community, too.’ Where people of all ages and genders and professions and backgrounds participate. … And that we can discuss things openly – that we have a positive, deep, robust discussion about what we want our city to be.” Ben Stuckart, 45, Spokane City Council president: “It would be great by the end of the year to have a unified, economic development strategic plan for the city of Spokane, something the mayor and the council unanimously agree on. That will set the stage for success for years to come.” More food! Travis Tveit, 26, pastry chef at Wild Sage: “I would like to see our community continue to expand the specialty food scene. More charcuterie, more tapas, more pho! It’s headed in a good direction, and I hope the growth continues.” Focus on public safety Breean Beggs, 44, Spokane City councilman: “I want to see a significant reduction in property crime.” Sergio De Leon, 46, owner and manager, De Leon Foods: “We have a big drug abuse problem here locally, (and) this problem leads to other crimes. I would like to see more programs that help people with this deadly disease that affects all of us.” Lori Kinnear, 63, Spokane City councilwoman: “In my perfect world, we would need 40 more Spokane police officers. We need a police force commensurate with a city of our size.” Craig Meidl, 45, Spokane police chief: “I would like to see a comprehensive statewide plan to address the property crime issue in Washington state.” Putting a contentious election behind us Shawn Keough, Idaho state senator, R-Sandpoint, 57, who represents Bonner and Boundary counties in the Idaho Legislature: “All of the towns, the two counties and the people who reside with me there: Let’s find those things we share in common and work together on them – there are more things we agree on than not. The divisions within our community are detrimental to our future success and we should look for ways to bring our divergent interests together in civil and productive discussion for the betterment of our area.” Karen Stratton, 57, Spokane City councilwoman: “I want to see everyone get along. Whether that’s between the city and county, or the business community and government, or within City Hall. Things are way more partisan than they used to be.” Focus on students Jonathan Benecchi, 16, Lewis and Clark High School junior, president of Lil Guardians of the Children: “One of the big things I want to see changed is how our schools handle kids dealing with suicidal thoughts. Because right now our schools are not dealing with it that well.” Bob Nonini, 62, Idaho state senator, R-Couer d’Alene: “The continued growth and support coming from the local schools and higher education institutions along with the community in general related to STEM (science, technology, engineering, math) and career technical education. It will be great for the students, the economy and the younger generation’s future.” Shelley Redinger, 49, Spokane Public Schools superintendent: “My resolution for 2017 is to continue to engage students, families, staff and the community in conversations that build relationships, trust and understanding that will lead us to be better at all that we do.” Setting specific benchmarks Alisha Benson, 36, chief operating officer/vice president of education and workforce at Greater Spokane Inc.: “Next year GSI is officially launching a program to increase the proportion of residents in Spokane County with high-quality, high-demand degrees, or certificates, from 40 percent to 60 percent by 2025.” Rob McCann, 47, executive director, Catholic Charities: “I’d like to see every city, county government within 25 miles of Spokane commit that it’s going to give at least 2 percent of its annual budget to human services. If we do that, we can greatly reduce poverty by 2017.” Appreciating our beauty and talent Peggy Doering, 60, director of Valleyfest, 60: “In the windstorm of 2015, thousands of trees were lost across the region. I would like to see an effort to replace trees, a countywide reforest plan. We are the Evergreen State, after all.” Phil Hough, 58, Friends of Scotchman Peaks Wilderness, executive director and one of the founding board members: “My hope for the community is that we see the passage of successful legislation designating the Scotchman Peaks in Idaho as wilderness.” Karli Ingersoll, 30, co-owner of the Bartlett: “I would love to see at least twice the amount of local album releases. And I would love to see the audience for local music continue to grow in number. There’s a lot of unique talent in Spokane, and the artists here have a lot of important things to say to the community and on behalf of it.” Healthy community Elaine Couture, 61, CEO Providence Health Care: “My wish for 2017 is that we preserve the gains we have made in Washington state to ensure everyone has access to affordable health care coverage, and we are able to eliminate disparities in health so that our hospitals are not full; our friends, families and neighbors have access to medical care; and our communities are healthier as a result.” Personal goals Luke Falk, 22, Washington State football quarterback: “Put on more weight, that’s a big one. I’d like to get to 225 pounds. I just had some food poisoning so I don’t know what I am right now, but right around the 215 area.” Hope springs eternal Dan Dickau, 38, former Gonzaga basketball player, broadcaster, owns The Barbers and vice president/marketing director for ScoreBookLive: “The Zags to make their first Final 4.” Several others, including Mayor David Condon, mentioned a Final Four appearance for Gonzaga in addition to other resolutions. Spokesman-Review reporters Rachel Alexander, Pia Hallenberg, Kip Hill, Adriana Janovich, Becky Kramer, Jim Meehan, Betsy Z. Russell, Jacob Thorpe and Nathan Weinbender contributed to this story. Published: Jan. 1, 2017, 5:45 a.m.  Tags: 2017, Gonzaga, holidays, idaho, property crime, resolutions, Spokane City Hall, Spokane Valley Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Manitoba LIVE Manitoba More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada Manitoba What's open and closed New Year's Day and Jan. 2 Museums, The Forks, cross-country ski trails among destinations open all weekend CBC News Posted: Jan 01, 2017 5:00 AM CT Last Updated: Jan 01, 2017 5:00 AM CT Most city services and stores, including grocery stores, will be closed on Sunday. (Shutterstock) New Year's Day falls on a Sunday this year, so many stores and city services that are usually closed on Sundays will remain closed on Monday as well. There are exceptions to this rule — some museums, cross-country ski trails and The Forks are all open on Sunday and Monday. Groceries and shopping Shopping malls, including Polo Park, St. Vital Centre and Grant Park, are all closed on Sunday but will be open on Monday. The Forks is open on both New Year's Day and Monday. Most grocery stores in Winnipeg are closed on New Year's Day, including: Safeway, Superstore, and Walmart. Some 24-hour pharmacies will be open Sunday, such as some Shoppers Drug Mart locations. On New Year's Day Liquor Marts in Manitoba are closed and will return to normal business hours Jan. 2. Garbage and recycling pickup Because New Year's Day falls on a Sunday there are no planned changes to garbage and recycling pickup. Residents can recycle their real Christmas trees by dropping them off at any of the Let's Chip In depots, open from Dec. 27, 2016, to Jan. 20, 2017. Winnipeg Transit While buses are free on New Year's Eve starting at 7 p.m. until end of service, the last buses leave downtown just before 1:40 a.m. Bus fares set to go up by a nickel The free ride program applies to all regular and Handi-Transit fares and is paid for by Manitoba Public Insurance. Winnipeg Transit will be back to operating a normal schedule on Monday. Note that new fare increases go into effect on New Year's Day. City services, leisure centres Civic offices will also be closed on New Years Day and Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, including the Winnipeg Parking Authority. All leisure centres and pools are closed on New Year's Day. All leisure centres will be open on Jan. 2 but all pools will be closed Monday except the Pan Am Pool and Cindy Klassen Recreation Centre pool. All libraries are closed New Year's Day and Jan. 2. Cross-country ski trails at Harbourview and Windsor Park Nordic Centre are open on both New Year's Day and Jan. 2. Museums The Canadian Museum for Human Rights is normally closed on Mondays but on Monday, Jan. 2 the museum will stay open. It is also open on New Year's Day. The Manitoba Museum is open on New Year's Day but closed Monday. The Children's Museum is open on both New Year's Day and Monday. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Saturday Mainly sunny -17°C Sunday A mix of sun and cloud -19°C Monday Sunny -18°C Tuesday Chance of flurries -16°C Wednesday Sunny -21°C More Weather | Latest Manitoba News Headlines 'He was running away to save his life,' refugee says of men's frigid journey across Canadian border Premier unplugged: Brian Pallister defends sparse email use video The flu is coming, warns Winnipeg public health official 'They just walk on through': Hundreds fleeing past Manitoba border seeking refugee protection Health authority shutting down one of Winnipeg's QuickCare clinics video Must Watch Calls for mediators spike as snow disputes mount between Winnipeg neighbours 1:50 Snow is piling up in Winnipeg and so are calls for mediators to settle conflicts between neighbours about where to put all of it. Winnipeg enters whirlwind of labour negotiations 1:46 More than 80 per cent of the City of Winnipeg's unionized workforce entered the new year without a collective bargaining agreement, as labour deals covering most city employees expired over the winter holidays. Top News Headlines Suspect arrested in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting that killed 5 video Got the flu? You’re not alone: Where influenza is hitting hardest across Canada Putin ordered cyber campaign to help Trump win election: U.S. intelligence report Why you still need a parks pass this year despite free entry audio 'Everyone started to run': Canadians describe chaos at Fort Lauderdale airport video Most Viewed 'They almost froze to death': Refugees frostbitten after walking to Manitoba border Hundreds of asylum seekers illegally entering Manitoba near Emerson border Winnipeg firefighters bolt from home after finding part of floor missing 'It's not fair': Couple expecting twins says province should reimburse more than $3K in medical costs Millennium Library closes after serious incident What's open and closed New Year's Day and Jan. 2 Highways reopen after winter storm blows through southern Manitoba Colorado low could cover southern Manitoba with snow, again Winnipeg man found lying on road in Elmwood dies Special Coverage Under the microscope RCMP investigate offer of secret commission to Winnipeg police HQ project director Mounties say contractor, architect and engineer planned to offer $600K, creating environment for fraud 'high risk' Former branch manager at Wellington West Capital fined $30K by regulator Walter Silicz admits he failed to supervise effectively 'keep me quiet' Taxi dispatcher says driver hugged, kissed her in cab Woman says management blamed her after she filed complaint CBC Investigates Ray Cormier was spotted burning trash outside apartment connected to Tina Fontaine's death Winnipeg Police forensic officers spend days combing through Elmwood suite connected to Fontaine investigation Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Health People Food Beaches Puzzles Family Fashion Home & Garden Travel Best of OC Pets Halloween Santa Ana singer Caitlin Lucia, who once appeared on 'The Voice' and 'American Idol,' is headed to Nashville How the DOJ will conduct its civil-rights investigation of the district attorney and sheriff Woman dies after slamming her SUV into the back of a truck in Anaheim Former Newport Beach Mayor Dennis O'Neil dies Aaron Donald, Johnny Hekker represent Rams on All-Pro first team Analysis: Ducks in first place, despite up-and-down effort in first half Chris Paul expected to start Friday for the Clippers in Sacramento USC guard Damien Mama leaving early for NFL draft Kid-friendly, shared office space opens in Orange Lenders take hard line on your creditworthiness Investigators link Anthem cyber breach to foreign nation U.S. adds 156,000 jobs; unemployment rate ticks up to 4.7 pct. A celebration of life will be held for Gabby Gaborno at the Observatory Is closing the Tower of Terror a Disney mistake? 15 things to do in Orange County this weekend (Jan. 6-8) Santa Ana singer Caitlin Lucia, who once appeared on 'The Voice' and 'American Idol,' is headed to Nashville Top news Home Marla Jo Fisher: My New Year resolution is to stay scared Jan. 1, 2017 Updated Jan. 3, 2017 2:23 p.m. 1 of 3 Selfie of Marla Jo Fisher, the Frumpy Middle-age Mom, with her children Curly Girl and Cheetah Boy, Christmas 2016. , 1 of 3 Selfie of Marla Jo Fisher, the Frumpy Middle-age Mom, with her son Cheetah Boy and Buddy the Wonder Dog, Christmas 2016 , 1 of 3 Marla Jo Fisher, the Frumpy Middle-age Mom, selfie at Christmas 2016 , View slideshow Selfie of Marla Jo Fisher, the Frumpy Middle-age Mom, with her children Curly Girl and Cheetah Boy, Christmas 2016. , By MARLA JO FISHER / Staff columnist Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF This is it, my friends: 2016 has gone in a puff of evil Satanic smoke, and good riddance. Looking back on my New Year’s resolutions from last year, I had a spotty record of fulfilling them. Happily, I did not hit the fitness instructor with my car when she emerged from the gym. I was hoping I wouldn’t. Well, I didn’t hit her very hard. She’s expected to make a full recovery. And I did take down my Dick-Cheney-approved, petroleum-based Christmas tree before July. Or, rather, I made my teenagers take it down. We never quite put the bins of decorations away, they just stayed in a corner of the living room until December rolled around again. So, I will make that my goal this year. Put the decorations in the garage before spring. Sadly, I did not start cleaning my house on Sunday afternoons, as I had vowed to myself last year. But I had a revelation from above that I should continue to take naps instead. And, if you’re among my friends, you’re still waiting for me to send my 2015 Christmas cards. Take a number. They’re in a box, along with other detritus from that year, including calendars I bought and intended to give as gifts but never got around to. Anyone want a calendar that’s two years out of date? I did, however, buy an entire wardrobe of nice clothing from a plus-size store going out of business, so that I could stop feeling like I might find myself featured on that nasty website, People of Walmart. The bad news is, though, that right after I bought the entire new wardrobe, I went on a diet and lost so much weight that none of the clothes fit anymore. Well, I guess that’s not really bad news. Do you know a good inexpensive tailor? I need one. Desperately. I did not resolve to go on a diet in 2016, because I’ve been on 18,223 diets in my life, and they all resulted in an eventual weight gain after an initial loss. Which is why it’s interesting that I have lost quite a bit of weight this year, after I was diagnosed with diabetes in the spring. I took eight hours of deadly dull classes from Kaiser designed to teach me how to manage my diabetes, with a lot of wrong information about how to eat for optimal health. Fortunately, I happened to pick up a book at the library called “The End of Diabetes” by Dr. Joel Fuhrman, and was inspired to start following its new way of eating, which is based on plants instead of animals. Not only have I lost a ton of weight, but I feel fantastic too. No, if I told you how much, I’d have to kill you, but let’s just say it’s enough that my old pants have literally fallen off me in stores. I’m also off most of my meds, and my blood sugar and pressure have plummeted. It’s hard for a cattle rancher’s daughter to stop eating juicy delicious meat, so I cheat sometimes, but Carrie Fisher’s tragic heart attack just reminded me that I want to be around to annoy the crap out of my teenagers for decades to come. I’ve already informed Cheetah Boy, my son, that I’ll be moving in with him someday and, when I do, I will leave my socks and shoes all over the living room floor, never put new toilet paper on the rolls, use bathroom towels once and throw them on the floor and will be coming into the kitchen at midnight to trash it before going back to bed. I will also make him drive me places, only to announce when we get there that I forgot my glasses, so he has to take me home to get them. And, while he goes in the house to get my glasses, I’ll change the radio station to country music. That is a goal worth staying healthy for, don’t you agree? This year, I’m keeping my resolutions simple: I will finish my lessons to relearn how to ride a bike, which I started in November. I know, it’s easy. But, no, it’s not. Don’t judge me. I will find a good yoga class that we can all attend. I finally started doing yoga on vacation in Costa Rica and enjoyed it. Now that we’re home, I’ve been procrastinating about keeping it going. I’m going to start hiking the trails again that I couldn’t accomplish when I was too heavy. I’ve sorely missed those outings. And I’ll do one thing that scares me every month. That’s how you stay young, my friends. Stay scared. And let’s have a great 2017. I intend to. Contact the writer: mfisher@scng.com or 714-796-7994 Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Woman dies after slamming her SUV into the back of a truck in Anaheim Authorities: 5 dead, 8 wounded in Florida airport shooting Local skiers, boarders gear up as Mammoth prepares for epic snowfall 3 Orange County hospitals among 14 fined by state for putting patients at risk How the DOJ will conduct its civil-rights investigation of the district attorney and sher User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Santa Ana singer Caitlin Lucia, who once appeared on 'The Voice' and 'American Idol,' is headed to Nashville How the DOJ will conduct its civil-rights investigation of the district attorney and sheriff Woman dies after slamming her SUV into the back of a truck in Anaheim Former Newport Beach Mayor Dennis O'Neil dies Aaron Donald, Johnny Hekker represent Rams on All-Pro first team Analysis: Ducks in first place, despite up-and-down effort in first half Chris Paul expected to start Friday for the Clippers in Sacramento USC guard Damien Mama leaving early for NFL draft Kid-friendly, shared office space opens in Orange Lenders take hard line on your creditworthiness Investigators link Anthem cyber breach to foreign nation U.S. adds 156,000 jobs; unemployment rate ticks up to 4.7 pct. A celebration of life will be held for Gabby Gaborno at the Observatory Is closing the Tower of Terror a Disney mistake? 15 things to do in Orange County this weekend (Jan. 6-8) Santa Ana singer Caitlin Lucia, who once appeared on 'The Voice' and 'American Idol,' is headed to Nashville Top news Education » Segerstrom offers dance classes for children with disabilities University of California to consider $282 annual tuition hike 7 things to watch in Irvine in 2017 BUSINESS » Kid-friendly, shared office space opens in Orange Lenders take hard line on your creditworthiness Investigators link Anthem cyber breach to foreign nation O.C. Watchdog » Watchdog: Is child prostitution legal in California? Huntington Beach assemblyman says it is Nonprofit greyhound rescue and dog blood bank Hemopet is losing money Rackauckas backtracks, reinstates oversight position urged by jailhouse informant probe Health Care » State braces for Medi-Cal's future Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing CSUF aims to strengthen its off-campus biotechnology presence ENTERTAINMENT » A celebration of life will be held for Gabby Gaborno at the Observatory Is closing the Tower of Terror a Disney mistake? 15 things to do in Orange County this weekend (Jan. 6-8) Food » Top Orange County restaurants, The Winery and Javier's, headed for $585 million San Diego mall project Best Thing I Ate This Week: Fried chicken and biscuit at Reunion are just like grandma's The cream of the crop of 2016's cookbooks TELEVISION » 'Top Chef' recap: Baking, barbecuing and birthdays rattle the chefs A blow-by-blow of how 2016 punched us in the collective gut Most Influential 2016: Zach King's videos made him a star, and now he wants to take on Hollywood Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia ANALYSIS » Video: USC football team looks to build off amazing finish PHOTOS/VIDEO » Angel Stadium turned into giant dirt track for Supercross racing CARTOONS » Cartoons: Repeal and replace? SLIDESHOW » Winter rains brighten OC landscape BALD EAGLES » Where you can find our national birds in Southern California CARTOONS » Cartoons: Bring out your dead Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login NVIDIA's GeForce Now let me play 'The Witcher 3' on a MacBook Air Wikileaks considers exposing verified Twitter users' data (Updated) Vote for the Best of CES People's Choice award! Latest in Culture The first Hyperloop test is now just months away 1h ago View Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th 2h ago View Wikileaks considers exposing verified Twitter users' data (Updated) 3h ago View Introducing the Best of CES 2017 finalists! 3h ago View Image credit: Lisa Lake/Getty Images save Save share Run-DMC sues Amazon, Walmart over online counterfeits The group claims that internet retailers are profiting from fake products. Jon Fingas, @jonfingas 01.01.17 in Internet 533 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Lisa Lake/Getty Images It's not just tech giants like Apple that are taking online stores to task for allowing counterfeit goods on their virtual shelves. Run-DMC is suing Amazon, Walmart (including Jet.com) and partners for selling bogus shirts, hats and other goods that violate the legendary group's trademark. The internet retailers are allegedly "trading on the goodwill" of Run-DMC by either allowing third parties to sell counterfeits or, in Amazon's case, supposedly selling the fakes directly. We've asked Amazon and Walmart for comment and will let you know if they can respond. With that said, there's no question that stores like Amazon have taken at least some steps to crack down on counterfeits. The concern isn't really that they're knowingly profiting from knockoffs -- it's that they might not be doing enough to prevent these frauds from slipping through the cracks. These sorts of lawsuits may become more commonplace if artists and companies feel that their brands aren't getting adequate protection. Source: CNET In this article: amazon, counterfeit, culture, e-commerce, internet, jet, jet.com, lawsuit, run-dmc, rundmc, shopping, walmart 19m 6 19m ago in Wearables Casio's new smartwatch is a chunky beast made for the outdoors Aside from the pesky need to charge it, that is. By N. Ingraham,  19m ago save Save share View 30m 30m ago in Gadgetry The Smartcane alerts your family in case of a fall This connected walking stick can also predict problems based on the user's movements. By M. Lalwani,  30m ago save Save share View 51m 51m ago in Gadgetry The Game Boy is back from the dead... kind of The Super Retro Boy plays old games on new hardware. By A. Souppouris,  51m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Home LG put Alexa in a refrigerator and it seems like a great idea The company's Smart InstaView fridge puts Amazon's virtual assistant to work ordering groceries and more. By B. Steele,  1h ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Personal Computing NVIDIA's GeForce Now let me play 'The Witcher 3' on a MacBook Air It works well, but the high price might be an issue. By D. Hardawar,  1h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Friend on Facebook Follow on Facebook Watch on YouTube Subscribe to RSS Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close HOME News Local News Politics Elections SoCal National World News Op/Ed Local Southwest Rivco Temecula Murrieta Menifee Moreno Valley Wildomar Aguanga Corona French Valley Hemet Lake Elsinore Perris Sun City San Jacinto Norco Education Fire Sheriff’s Log SoCal News Imperial County Orange County Los Angeles County Riverside County San Bernardino San Diego County Entertainment Dining Dining Reviews Arts Celebrity News Out and About Music Scene Business Sports Live Traffic More Announcements Faith Health Military Motor Scene Real Estate Obituaries Pets Village News Anza Valley Outlook CLASSIFIEDS Printed Edition (Online) En Español Events About Us Contact Us Sign up for our Newsletter Contact the editor Letters to the editor Inquire about advertising Inquire about Classifieds Comment about a story Request Event Coverage Submit a Press Release Submit an Obituary Report a technical issue Red Cross encourages adding ‘give blood’ to holiday checklist By Newsroom on December 31, 2016No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post LOS ANGELES – As freezing temperatures and harsh weather grip much of the nation, the American Red Cross urges eligible donors to make an appointment to give blood or platelets to help meet the constant need for blood this winter. Millions of people are expected to take to the roads, rail and air to celebrate the season, which can cause fewer donors to be available and lead to a decline in blood and platelet donations. In addition, severe winter weather and seasonal illnesses can temporarily prevent some from giving. Donors with all blood types are needed now to help patients. As a special gift of thanks for taking the time to donate, people who come out to give Dec. 22 through Jan. 8 will receive a long-sleeved Red Cross T-shirt, while supplies last. “Many of us celebrate this time of year with loved ones, but patients may spend the holidays and ring in the New Year from a hospital room,” communications director for Red Cross Blood Services Nick Gehrig said. “Blood and platelet donors can bring joy to patients and their families by giving blood or platelets to help ensure patients receive the lifesaving treatments they need.” There are several upcoming blood donation opportunities in Riverside County over the holiday season. In Hemet, Jersey Mike’s, 719 Sanderson Ave., in Hemet will host a blood drive Jan. 3 starting at 10:30 a.m. In Murrieta, Wal-Mart, 41200 Murrieta Hot Springs Road, will host a blood drive Jan. 6 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., and Rancho Springs Medical Center, 25520 Medical Drive, will host a blood donation opportunity from noon until 6 p.m. Jan. 13. Temecula has three opportunities for giving blood. Wal-Mart, 32225 State Route 79 South, will be available for blood donations Dec. 30 and Jan. 15 starting at 10 a.m., and DCH Auto Group will host a blood drive Jan. 4 at 10 a.m. located at 26799 Ynez Road. Simply download the American Red Cross Blood Donor app, visit www.redcrossblood.org or call (800) 733-2767 to make an appointment or for more information. All blood types are needed to ensure a reliable supply for patients. A blood donor card or driver’s license or two other forms of identification are required at check-in. Individuals who are 17 years of age in most states or 16 years old with parental consent where allowed by state law, weigh at least 110 pounds and are in generally good health may be eligible to donate blood. High school students and other donors 18 years of age and younger also have to meet certain height and weight requirements. Blood donors can now save time at their next donation by using RapidPass to complete their pre-donation reading and health history questionnaire online on the day of their donation and before arriving at the blood drive. To get started and learn more, visit www.redcrossblood.org/RapidPass and follow the instructions on the website. The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies about 40 percent of the nation’s blood; teaches skills that save lives; provides international humanitarian aid and supports military members and their families. The Red Cross is a nonprofit organization that depends on volunteers and the generosity of the American public to perform its mission. For more information, please visit www.redcross.org or follow on Twitter [email protected] Share this: Tweet More Share on Tumblr Print Email Related Red Cross encourages adding ‘give blood’ to holiday checklist added by Newsroom on December 31, 2016 View all posts by Newsroom → Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comments Protected by WP-SpamShield Spam Blocker Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. My Valley Weather Temecula Last Updated on Jan 6 2017, 4:55 pm PST Weather by NOAA Current Conditions: Fair Temp: 59°F Wind: North at 0mph Humidity: 55% Dewpoint: 42.8°F Your 5-Day Forecast at a Glance 760-723-7319 | 1588 S. Mission Rd. Suite 200, Fallbrook CA 92028 Valley News | Copyright © 2016 Village News, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
More Sites Times News Legals Games Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Local Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Local Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested The Christmas Box Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Signup Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Good Neighbor Community shares the blessings of the holidays Sue Guinn Legg • Updated Dec 28, 2016 at 10:10 PM slegg@johnsoncitypress.com The holidays are almost over, but before they go there is cause to stop and reflect on a great many blessings — all made possible by the generosity of neighbors across the Tri-Cities. One of the largest Christmas outreach programs in the region — the Johnson City Salvation Army’s Angel Tree program — distributed gifts of new clothing and toys this year to 2,289 needy children in Washington, Carter and Unicoi counties. Of those children, all but 50 were adopted by shoppers at Angel Tree locations at The Mall at Johnson City and the Browns Mill Road and Elizabethton Walmart stores. Gifts were returned to the Salvation Army for all but 200 of the children. And in the final days before the gift distribution, a local company that wishes to remain anonymous stepped forward to provide gifts for each of the estimated 250 "forgotten angels.” “It’s the community that made this possible,” Capt. Michael Cox, commander of the Johnson City Salvation Army Corps, said Tuesday. “And it is because of their help that the Salvation Army can reach out and meet the need in the community. “Without them we could not do what we do, and we appreciate their love and their help for people.” According to Cox, contributions to the red kettle stations that support the army’s Center of Hope shelter and dining room and an array of other year-round social services for the homeless and poor totaled $163,000 this holiday season, or $3,000 more than the corps’ $160,000 goal. Numbers from Tom Krieger, who serves on the board of directors of both the Johnson City Salvation Army and the Johnson City Press Christmas Box that provides holiday food to the families of each of the Angel Tree children, were also heartening. According to Krieger, the Christmas Box distributed 1,062 holiday food boxes this year, each containing 47 nonperishable food items with 13 pounds of fresh potatoes and onions, a large frozen turkey and a canned ham on the side. The Christmas Box also purchased 750 grocery shopping gift certificates for low-income seniors and small households of one or two people. While a long list of contributors to the box has been compiled for a more complete statement of appreciation, Krieger sent “thanks to everybody who contributed their time, their finances and their prayers.” While a complete tally of the final number of children, seniors and families included in Good Samaritan Ministries’ Christmas food and gift outreach was not available Wednesday, the ministry reported last week the distribution would include a minimum of 750 low-income families from all over Upper East Tennessee. Good Samaritan Executive Director Aaron Murphy said the distribution included gifts for teens, the elderly and disabled adults throughout the community and Christmas food boxes for low-income families with hams, all the makings of a traditional holiday meal and staples to help the families after the holiday. Murphy also thanked the community for supporting the ministry through donations and sponsorships of many gift boxes. Home Instead Senior Care’s annual Be a Santa for a Senior project this year included 1,200 low-income seniors in Northeast Tennessee and Southwest Virginia — one of the largest gift distribution in the program’s 10-year history. Coordinator Sarah Faulk said every senior included the outreach was adopted by a shopper, and several groups in the Johnson City area hosted wrapping parties to ensure each of the seniors would receive a beautifully wrapped gift. Fault sent special thanks to Franklin Woods Community Hospital, United Health Care, Fresenius Health Care, Dominion Senior Living, the First Tennessee Area Agency on Aging and Disability and WJHL-TV for their special contributions to the project and to the community as a whole for its participation. And from Coalition for Kids, Executive Director Randy Hensley said the coalition was thankful to the “many people who gave the way they did to give a Christmas” to 151 of the program’s neediest children. If there is a need or a project in your neighborhood the Good Neighbor column can assist with, contact Sue Guinn Legg at 423-722-0538 or P.O. Box 1717, Johnson City, TN 37605. Email Sue Guinn Legg at slegg@johnsoncitypress.com. Follow her on Twitter @sueleggjcpress. Like her on Facebook at facebook.com/sueleggjcpress. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook US News What Stores, Restaurants Are Open on New Year’s Day: Starbucks, Walgreens, Rite Aid, & CVS US News What Stores, Restaurants Are Open on New Year’s Day: Starbucks, Walgreens, Rite Aid, & CVS By Jack Phillips, Epoch Times | December 31, 2016 AT 8:26 PM Last Updated: January 1, 2017 3:06 pm (Benjamin Chasteen/Epoch Times) New Year’s Eve and Day are Saturday, Dec. 31, and Sunday, Jan. 1, respectively. And most store hours are open, with many having normal hours. Costco is closed. Walmart hours: Open from 7 a.m. until midnight, while a few others are closing at 8 p.m. Target hours: Closing at 9 p.m. for New Year’s Eve. On New Year’s Day, hours are from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. Aldi: Closing 7 p.m. on New Year’s Eve. Closed on New Year’s Day. Best Buy: Hours are 10 a.m.-6 p.m New Year’s Eve. Open noon – 6 p.m. New Year’s Day. Costco – Closing 6 p.m. New Year’s Eve. Closed New Year’s Day. Dollar General – Open regular hours. Fresh Market – Closing 8 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 11 a.m.-7 p.m. New Year’s Day. Home Depot – 6 a.m.-6 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-7 p.m. New Year’s Day. Kroger – Open on both New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day. Check hours here. Kmart – Closing 9 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-8 p.m. New Year’s Day. Kohl’s – Closing 9 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-9 p.m. New Year’s Day. Lowe’s – 6 a.m.-6 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-6 p.m. New Year’s Day. Publix – closing 9 p.m. New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day, but some stores will close at 7 p.m. Starbucks – Closing 9 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 5:30 a.m.-8 p.m New Year’s Day. Trader Joe’s – closing 6 p.m. New Year’s Eve. Closed New Year’s Day. Whole Foods – closing 7 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-9 p.m. New Year’s Day. Walmart Supercenters are open 24 hours. Some CVS – Some are open 24 hours. Most store open normal hours on New Year’s Day, but some have different hours on New Year’s Eve. Some Walgreens – Some are open 24 hours. Most store open normal hours on New Year’s Day, but some have different hours on New Year’s Eve. Editor’s Picks Top Chinese Leadership to Reshuffle in 2017 The Internet’s Growing Environmental Footprint ‘Fake News’ Crackdown Spreads Around the World Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in US NewsAvalanche kills Montana skier in Glacier National ParkHunter Found After Digging Into Snow to Survive BlizzardWoman Drives Into River to Avoid Cops, Boozes as Car FloatsMichigan Governor Makes Disaster Declaration Due to Sinkhole Latest in US Crime and Incidents Couple Found Dead With Sign on Door Warning Not to Go Inside US News Avalanche kills Montana skier in Glacier National Park US News Hunter Found After Digging Into Snow to Survive Blizzard US News Woman Drives Into River to Avoid Cops, Boozes as Car Floats US News Michigan Governor Makes Disaster Declaration Due to Sinkhole US News Brother: Suspect in Fla. Airport Shooting Treated for Mental Health Politics After Intel Brief, Trump Says Hack Had No Impact on Election Crime and Incidents Divers in Lake Erie Find Cockpit Recorder of Missing Plane Crime and Incidents 5 Dead, 8 Wounded in Shooting at Florida Airport, Suspect in Custody × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook Tech News Safeway & Albertsons Hours for New Year’s Day & Eve Tech News Safeway & Albertsons Hours for New Year’s Day & Eve By Jack Phillips, Epoch Times | December 31, 2016 AT 8:12 PM Last Updated: January 1, 2017 3:07 pm (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Both Safeway and Albertson’s are open on New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day. Before going out, check ahead of time to determine the store hours—as some locations vary. Hours vary at Safeway, but store hours are typically 5 a.m. to midnight, with some 24 hour stores. Albertsons, meanwhile, are open normal hours, from 6 a.m. to 10 p.m.   More stores’ hours: Walmart hours: Open from 7 a.m. until midnight, while a few others are closing at 8 p.m. Target hours: Closing at 9 p.m. for New Year’s Eve. On New Year’s Day, hours are from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. Aldi: Closing 7 p.m. on New Year’s Eve. Closed on New Year’s Day. Best Buy: Hours are 10 a.m.-6 p.m New Year’s Eve. Open noon – 6 p.m. New Year’s Day. Costco – Closing 6 p.m. New Year’s Eve. Closed New Year’s Day. Dollar General – Open regular hours. Fresh Market – Closing 8 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 11 a.m.-7 p.m. New Year’s Day. Home Depot – 6 a.m.-6 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-7 p.m. New Year’s Day. Kroger – Open on both New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day. Check hours here. Kmart – Closing 9 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-8 p.m. New Year’s Day. Kohl’s – Closing 9 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-9 p.m. New Year’s Day. Lowe’s – 6 a.m.-6 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-6 p.m. New Year’s Day. Publix – closing 9 p.m. New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day, but some stores will close at 7 p.m. Starbucks – Closing 9 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 5:30 a.m.-8 p.m New Year’s Day. Trader Joe’s – closing 6 p.m. New Year’s Eve. Closed New Year’s Day. Whole Foods – closing 7 p.m. New Year’s Eve. 9 a.m.-9 p.m. New Year’s Day. Walmart Supercenters are open 24 hours. Some CVS – Some are open 24 hours. Most store open normal hours on New Year’s Day, but some have different hours on New Year’s Eve. Some Walgreens – Some are open 24 hours. Most store open normal hours on New Year’s Day, but some have different hours on New Year’s Eve. Editor’s Picks Top Chinese Leadership to Reshuffle in 2017 The Internet’s Growing Environmental Footprint ‘Fake News’ Crackdown Spreads Around the World Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in Tech NewsShhh, Your Washing Machine Might Overhear YouWalmart, Target Hours for New Year’s Day, EveFacebook to Curb ‘Fake News’ and Viral HoaxesThe Entrepreneur Fighting the Snoopers’ Charter in the UK With a Privacy-Protecting Web Browser Latest in Tech Tech News Shhh, Your Washing Machine Might Overhear You Tech News Walmart, Target Hours for New Year’s Day, Eve Tech News Facebook to Curb ‘Fake News’ and Viral Hoaxes Gaming Winning Games, Losing Life Tech News The Entrepreneur Fighting the Snoopers’ Charter in the UK With a Privacy-Protecting Web Browser Social Media Internet Reaches Crossroads on Free Speech Tech News John McAfee on the Erosion of Privacy and Freedom Tech News Twitter accidentally suspends CEO Jack Dorsey’s account Canada Startup Weekend More Than Transforming Ideas Into Reality Quickly × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today.com Sun logo Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing President Obama: The Legacy Turkey Military Coup TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Economy Consumer Travel Personal Finance Markets Business Dec 26 2016, 7:34 am ET Obama's Overtime Law Failed, But Still Helped Thousands by Martha C. White U.S. President Barack Obama talks before signing a Presidential Memorandum on modernizing the overtime system to help insure workers are paid fairly for their work while in the East Room of the White House in Washington, March 13, 2014. REUTERS/Larry Downing Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement A new labor law rule - kicked back by a federal judge last month - that would have made almost four million Americans eligible for overtime pay may still have resulted in higher wages for the workers it was intended to help. The new legislation would have significantly raised the salary cap under which employees were eligible to earn overtime. In response, some large companies, such as Walmart, gave raises to workers whose pay fell just under the new threshold, making them ineligible for overtime pay. Other companies reclassified salaried overtime-exempt workers as hourly employees, which would make them eligible to earn overtime for workweeks longer than 40 hours. Related: Obama's Plan to Extend Overtime Pay Is Blocked by Federal Court "There's a whole set of companies that had already communicated to their employees that they were going to change their employment status or give them raises," said Brian Kropp, HR practice leader at CEB. Because the rule was halted only about a week before it was set to take effect, many companies had already made the switch. Raising Wages to Avoid Overtime Yanking back promised raises is a non-starter, especially with the lowest unemployment rate in nearly a decade, compensation experts say. "They're not going to adjust employees backwards," Kropp said. "To go back would be hugely damaging from an engagement and productivity perspective." "The choices you make around how you pay employees is so impactful to your business and is a big piece of your larger employer brand," said Lydia Frank, vice president at Compensation information and research company PayScale. PayScale analyzed 553 job titles that paid between the old and new thresholds for overtime eligibility ($23,661 and $47,476, respectively), and found that the number making in between those two numbers dropped sharply over the past two quarters. This indicates, the company said, that many businesses have been raising workers' wages to keep from having to pay overtime. For a typical position among those 553 analyzed, there was an 18 percentage point drop in the number earning below the new threshold. Out of the job titles it examined, PayScale found that the number of people making less than $47,476 fell in 539 of them. According to Mark Szypko, vice president of compensation strategy at Salary.com, roughly 40 percent of their corporate clients had implemented either raises or worker reclassification in anticipation of the FLSA update. Kropp estimated that about 5 percent of the workforce across retail, food service and hospitality and leisure — all sectors with large numbers of lower-wage workers — will be affected. Trump Likely Won't Fight It Those raises could have more staying power than the legislation itself. Ross Eisenbrey, vice president at the Economic Policy Institute, said it isn't clear yet whether or not the rule and the higher overtime threshold will survive after the inauguration. Donald Trump's stated opposition to corporate regulations makes him unlikely to support defending it in court, although Eisenbray said at least one organized labor group is positioning itself to continue defending it even if a Jeff Sessions-led Department of Justice declines to do so. This ambiguity around the legislation's fate could prompt companies to take a better-safe-than-sorry approach, Eisenbray said, since it would be hugely expensive to have to pay months of overtime retroactively. "The biggest takeaway for us is really it's interesting to see that a lot of companies took action before the law said they had to," Frank said. "There's no plans to repeal or roll back changes. I do think we'll see those wages stick," she said. "At the end of the day, employees will benefit," Kropp said. The low unemployment rate also makes it likely that even businesses who didn't give raises in anticipation of the higher threshold could be forced by market competition to match their rivals' pay increases. "If someone can get a $5,000 or $7,000 raise by going down the street, why wouldn't they?" Eisenbray said. "For companies that aren't paying as much as their competitors, they're going to see their best talent move," Kropp predicted. "In this segment of the market, people will move for 50 cents or a dollar an hour difference." Martha C. White Email Topics Economy First Published Dec 26 2016, 7:34 am ET Next Story Wage Growth Surged to a Seven-Year High in 2016 advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today.com Sun logo Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing President Obama: The Legacy Turkey Military Coup TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business Dec 26 2016, 8:27 am ET Returning a Gift? Beware: Many Stores Have Tightened Their Rules by Herb Weisbaum Shoppers walk through the Rideau Centre, in Ottawa on Boxing Day on Dec. 26, 2016. Justin Tang / The Canadian Press via AP Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement Returning a gift? Beware: More than a few major stores have altered their previously generous open-ended return policies this year. Millions of Americans are heading back to the stores this week to cash in on sales and return those gifts that just didn't work out quite right. About 10 percent of all holiday merchandise winds up coming back, according to the National Retail Federation. And despite the financial hit - about $60 billion dollars - most stores offer special extended holiday return periods. However, a few prominent retailers have shortened their return policies this year, according to an annual survey by ConsumerWorld.org. Macy's now requires all returns in one year Kohl's has a new deadline for "premium electronics" of January 31 Costco reduced its return period for major appliances to 90 days Tightening Up the Returns "It's surprising to me that these three big retailers put an end to their unlimited return policy for some or all categories of items," said Edgar Dworsky, founder of ConsumerWorld.org. "How strict or lenient return policies are seems to be cyclical. We seem to be in a period of some tightening." Drones were a popular gift item this year. If you got one and you want to take it back, you'd better get going. The return period for drones is just 14 days at Target, 15 days at Walmart and 30 days at Toys "R" Us. Shorter return periods are most likely a response to the serious and growing problem of return fraud. Retailers estimated that 3.5 percent of their holiday returns last year were fraudulent, according to the NRF's 2015 Return Fraud Survey. That fraud cost retailers $2.2 billion, up from approximately $1.9 billion in 2014. Even so, a few stores made their return rules more lenient this year. Two noteworthy changes: Sears started its holiday returns policy one week earlier (November 1) and now allows returns one week later (January 30) Toys"R"Us increased the return period for computer hardware from 15 to 30 days The Consumer World report noted that Toys "R" Us has a generous but "secret" holiday return policy that is not disclosed on its website, posted at stores checked, or known by store employees asked. That policy is: Most things - other than select electronics, such as video game hardware, cameras and computers - purchased on or after September 1 can be returned until January 28. "I simply can't understand why Toys "R" Us, which has one of the liberal holiday return policies in the industry, keeps it a secret," Dworsky told NBC News. When contacted about this, Toys "R" Us sent NBC News a link to a freshly released statement about post-Christmas sales. The news release is posted on the company's corporate site. The policy still does not appear on the return policy page where consumers would go. Better Have a Receipt Do yourself a favor and bring along the receipt or a gift receipt. Some retailers won't accept a return without a receipt. Others will only give you a store credit for the lowest price that item sold for recently, not what the gift-giver paid for it. "Receipts are critical," said Consumer Reports money editor Lauren Lyons Cole. "Merchants in the past have been fairly generous in taking back goods without a store or gift receipt, offering shoppers who can't produce documentation at least store credit for the lowest price the item sold for. Though it's rare for companies to have a blunt no-receipt, no-return rule, the lack of receipt puts you on shaky ground, especially for cash purchases because there's no way to look up the purchase." Don't be surprised if you're asked to show identification - your driver's license or other government-issued ID - even if you have the receipt. Some big chains now use computerized systems to detect return abuse. Consumer Reports say they use your ID to track your return history, including frequency, dollar amount and time between returns. For example, Walmart limits customers to three returns without a receipt within a 45 day period. Consumer Reports just published a Guide to Returning Gifts that includes a list of the "Best in the Business" and stores with strict policies. It's important to check the policy for any gifts purchased online. Some merchants cover the cost of the return shipping; others make you pay for it. Some stores with walk-in locations will let you return merchandise in person. It's important to remember that returns and exchanges are a courtesy. Except for damaged merchandise, a store is not required to take something back. And while many states require that return policy to be posted, the store gets to set the rules. "When you get in that long return line, check the store's policy while you're waiting," Consumer World's Dworsky told NBC News. "If you are asking for something outside the rules, recognize that and adjust your attitude accordingly. You can't demand something you're not entitled to. You can only ask politely for an accommodation." Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website. Herb Weisbaum Twitter Facebook Email Topics Consumer, Lifestyle First Published Dec 26 2016, 8:27 am ET Next Story How $9 Billion Startup Theranos Blew Up And Laid Off 41% advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts Pennsylvania senate staffer thinks ‘menstruation’ is too ‘graphic’ to talk about but OK to vote on Yahoo accidentally reports Trump wants a ‘n*gger navy’ — and Black Twitter hilariously pounces Even dead people are declining to perform for Trump Robert Reich has WTF moment after Jeffrey Lord suggests the intelligence community is ‘attacking’ Trump Russia? I didn’t say anything about Russia’: Internet mocks Trump’s lunk-headed post-briefing statement ‘Liberal Redneck’ says goodbye to Obama — a master at ‘pissing off sh*tty white people’ Dairy Queen franchisee ‘proudly’ admits calling black woman racial slur: ‘Her order was confusing’ N.J. aunt of Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting suspect: ‘He lost his mind’ in Iraq Arnold Schwarzenegger delivers the perfect response to Trump’s ‘Apprentice’ ratings taunts Keith Olbermann pleads with Trump supporters: ‘His illness is putting your family at risk’ Mom insists son accused of ‘white power’ graffiti isn’t racist: ‘His girlfriend is actually black’ Travis Gettys 01 Jan 2017 at 15:53 ET                    Taylor Ferrell (WTVR) Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory A Virginia woman says her son — who police believe spray-painted “white power” graffiti at a little league ballpark — couldn’t possibly be racist because his girlfriend is black. Taylor Ferrell was arrested Friday afternoon at a Richmond hotel and charged with three counts of intentionally damaging a property or monument, reported WTVR-TV. Police said the 18-year-old Ferrell admitted to damaging the Tuckahoe Little League complex, but he claims he didn’t paint the racist messages or swastikas. Vandals smashed a urinal and painted the misspelled message, “oopps,” above the broken pieces, and they spray-painted “white power” and graphic insults against the Black Lives Matter movement, immigrants and President-elect Donald Trump. Ferrells’ mother, Sarah Maxey, said her son told her he was with two other people Thursday night, including a man who bought paint at Walmart and supplied the underage man with alcohol. “He did admit to breaking the sink and drawing pictures of genitalia,” Maxey said. “But he did not write the racist words or none of that. His girlfriend is actually black, so he’s far from being racist.” Damage to the athletic facility was estimated at $6,000, park supervisors said. Maxey said her son had a troubled upbringing but wasn’t a mean person, and she was fearful of threats posted against him on social media. “One person says they should take a baseball bat to his hands and feet — that’s pretty harsh,” she said. Police are still investigating the case, and other arrests are possible. Report typos and corrections to corrections@rawstory.com About the Author Next on Raw Story > ‘They relied heavily on fake news’: Former Georgian president describes his own attacks by Russians By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address New Stories ‘They relied heavily on fake news’: Former Georgian president describes his own attacks by Russians Pennsylvania senate staffer thinks ‘menstruation’ is too ‘graphic’ to talk about but OK to vote on Four ordered held without bail over Chicago torture shown on Facebook N.J. aunt of Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting suspect: ‘He lost his mind’ in Iraq WI Attorney General spent $10,000 on coins commemorating new motto: ‘Kicking ass every day’ News from idealmedia.com New Videos ‘They relied heavily on fake news’: Former Georgian president describes his own attacks by Russians N.J. man charged after boy suffocates trying to escape feces-filled room ‘Stay down’: Shep Smith tries to calm man trapped in airport shooting with wife and mother-in-law ‘Liberal Redneck’ says goodbye to Obama — a master at ‘pissing off sh*tty white people’ ‘Bullsh*t!’: Whoopi Goldberg slams ex-Fox host over Planned Parenthood defunding hypocrisy SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Latest News In 80% farmer-suicides due to debt, loans from banks, not moneylenders RSS Muslim wing will host Kashmiri students to ‘bring them on right path’ Model code of conduct: EC asks Govt to respond to Opposition's Budget delay demand TMC fomenting communal tension in Bengal, says BJP ‘LeT man was plotting attacks in J&K, Delhi’ Home India In the beginning, is the Word In the beginning, is the Word Here is the alphabet for the lexicon of change in India in 2016-17, words that carry within them entire narratives — from the troubled to the trivial. Written by Pratik Kanjilal | Published:January 2, 2017 12:11 am Every nation now needs its own alphabet, appropriate to its peculiar predicament. Illustrations: C R Sasikumar For the Phoenicians, who are credited with the world’s oldest alphabet, which flourished on their huge trading network, A was for aleph and B for beth, which meant ‘ox’ and ‘house’ respectively. Simple, earthy things rich with promise for the day’s political acronyms and ‘roti, kapda aur makan’ slogans — pita, robe and beth, say. Having inherited the alphabet from Phoenicia via the Greeks and Romans, the English adapted it to their insular tastes and pushed it out on their even huger trading network, and the world learned that A was for ‘apple’, B was for ‘boy’, and so on. But now, as half the world turns insular, with voters and leaders so unnerved by immigration, underemployment and culture shock that they dream of walling off neighbours and making war on them, every nation needs its own alphabet, appropriate to its peculiar predicament. Here is the alphabet for the lexicon of change in India in 2016-17, words that carry within them entire narratives — from the troubled to the trivial. Pratik Kanjilal spells it out A was for achhe din, the millennial days which have remained just out of reach of the bhakt (see B) for so long that they now enjoy mythical status. A is also for ‘anthem’, and for ‘anti-national’. Out of sheer cussedness, the latter does not stand up for the former. A foolish practice which makes it easy to detect them in enclosed spaces, like cinema halls, using the anthem as a touchstone. B is for bhakt, an organism actuated by the need to believe. The bhakt is baffled and unsettled by the idea of rational thought and becomes irritable when presented with facts, but there is hope yet — evolution can improve any living thing. B is also for ‘black money’, the only election plank of the BJP for a decade. It used to mean untaxed money, but is now identical with ‘cash’ (see C) in the popular imagination. And cash is trash. B is also for beef, reluctant product of cows who were taken off before their time. Found in abundance in all lands but India, where its discovery — or the most muddled suspicion of such discovery — has led to humans being taken off before their time. However, take good cheer. In the new year, beef vigilantes are expected to be thrown off the stage by vigilant taxmen (see T). And, in the middle distance, B is for Brexit, Britain’s final retreat into the comfort of insularity. It need not bother us. C is for cash, legal tender traditionally appreciated by all, most emphatically by Gujaratis. Now a controlled substance. C is also for ‘cashless’, earlier a positive term suggesting lightning-fast hospitalisation. It now denotes enforced temporary poverty as a feature of national service. D is for demonetisation, a financial Houdini act which sucks cash from pockets and funnels it into banks in order to dematerialise it into a cloud of electrons, which will someday, by mystifying means, find its way back into your mobile wallet. E is for the economy, stupid, which means that India has matured. As in the Western democracies, it appears that future elections will now be decided by economic questions. This will detract somewhat from the carnival splendour of the traditional election, which used to be the Big E, but will it mean that there will be no more mandirs? That would be a welcome change. F is for farmer, whom the prime minister applauds for planting on schedule by brute persistence, despite being beggared by the freeze on cooperative banks which support farming. This is serious change — farming is clearly no longer the bedrock of the economy (see E). F is for FCRA, a fiscal tap which the government can turn on and off at will, or twiddle moodily when it is bored and upset. The result is the dismantling of non-governmental activity, an activity which governments enjoy. No change here. G is for growth, the holy grail which assumed purely mythic status post-demonetisation (see D). G is for goalposts, unreliable things which flit drunkenly across a hallucinatory landscape of governmental assurances and rules. On November 12, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley urged people not to rush to queue up to deposit their old notes, since there was time until December 30. On December 19, bankers were required to ask depositors why they didn’t get off their butts earlier. G is for Arnab Goswami, who took TV news to its highest, shreekiest pitch, and who will be back with his own channel, Republic, later this month. It will not transmit below 20 kilohertz, the upper limit of human hearing. H is for Hyderabad University, which overtook JNU (see J) as the seat of energetic anti-nationalism (see A). The suicide of Rohith Vemula on January 16 provided a new seed for political mobilisation among the youth. I is for Indian, misunderstood genius who invented plastic surgery and flying machines in ancient times, and is now in reduced circumstances allegedly due to the the machinations of Marxists, Maoists, Nehrus and Gandhis. J is for jumla, laughing gas loosed upon the credulous in the election season. Also for JNU, a stronghold of anti-nationals (see A) in the heart of the national capital. And J is for jawan, a heroic figure standing tirelessly on guard at the border, a stirring role model for the teeming millions back home who only have depressing bank queues (see Q) to stand in. Sometimes, former jawans are discovered in distress in bank queues, too. Watch what else is making news K is for Kashmir, as always. No change here. See under P for the only other constant in our rapidly changing polity. It believes itself to be strongly related to Kashmir. L is for laundering, the chameleon-like skill of changing the colour of money. L is also for liberalisation, a relic which is best forgotten since, unavoidably, it happened under Congress leadership. Now, we must seek to recapture the prelapsarian past, before liberalisation, which was the only big bang reform which ever actually happened. Witness the return of big, muscular, arbitrary, heavy-breathing government. Also, the return of strictures on thought and action, and the fuzzy conviction that money is innately vile. M is for mobile, which is also your bank. Actually, since you cannot get into your brick and mortar bank without survivalist gear any more, your mobile is the only bank you have. N is for nationalism, the only approved ideology. This is not a constraint, since Indian nationalism is actually internationalist, harking back to Akhand Bharat and Arctic homelands, and attracting ethnic Indians who have embraced other nationalities. N is also for Nehru, who is to blame for everything except demonetisation. O is the cry of the sick, the aged, the halt and the lame as they collapse all of a heap in queues outside the doors of banks. Call it culling by collateral damage. O is also for the Olympics and Paralympics, which brought much-needed cheer. And for Odd-Even, the numbers game promoted by the Delhi government, which it cannot play this year for legal reasons. P is for Pakistan and Putin, the only constants in the rapidly changing geopolitics of Asia. But in a sharp reversal, Pakistani actors in India have been declared anti-nationals (see A), though they are merely non-nationals. P is also for pellet gun, whose use on civilian populations was cleared by some unsung bureaucrat whose head should be subjected to ballistic testing. The big P is PayTM, alert beneficiary of demonetisation (see D). P is for the promise signed off by the RBI governor on every rupee note, which is now revealed to be a jumla (see J). P is also for Patanjali, the shuddh desi Walmart which may one day do battle in the marketplace with the real thing. And P is for prohibition, which is back, via Patna, at the heart of politics. Q stands for queue, in which the sick, the aged, the halt and the lame are wont to collapse (see O). This happens so often that it looks suspiciously like an anti-national (see A) habit. R is for Reserve Bank of India, once an august organisation guarded by a yaksha and a yakshini, now a symbol of institutional collapse and popularly known as the Reverse Bank of India. The last RBI governor was a rock star economist. The present incumbent, soundly ignored at the Centre, must travel to a state capital even to be heckled. R is also for rail budget and RIP — this year, special fiscal status for the railways will be history. S is for surgical strike, which is a euphemism for state-funded event management. They are rapidly forgotten the moment that bigger surgical strikes are launched. After the announcement of demonetisation on November 8, no one remembered the headline-grabbing retaliatory attacks against Pakistani assets. T is for the taxman, whose heavy and dolorous tread will usher in the new year. The daily flip-flops over demonetisation have created a new rule book, which fairly bristles with discretionary powers which could be such fun to play with. T is also for Trump, a phenomenon which has deeply divided America, and for Tata, a house divided. U is for Urjit Patel, current governor of the RBI, whose office is urgently in need of some urja. U is for the USA, with whom India is aligning precisely when it is in turmoil. U is also for USSD (Unstructured Supplementary Service Data), which allows dumbphones to access financial services. The user has to be pretty smart to use it. V is for Venezuela, whose people resort to direct action when its government tries to part them from their cash (see C). The country has been forced to defer its demonetisation exercise following physically energetic public responses. Unlike India, there is a real need for demonetisation over there, to contain hyperinflation. W was for the big fat Indian wedding, which took a beating from demonetisation, whose furies coincided with the Hindu nuptial season. The real fat cats are marrying unimpeded, though. W is also for water, whether as an ingredient in the water wars down south, or spewing from the mouths of water cannons. X is for Planet X, the Neptune-sized planet of the solar system beyond the orbit of Pluto which CalTech researchers claim to have identified this year. This has nothing to do with the fictitious (and therefore fascinating) Nibiru cataclysm, in which a planet-sized object from deep space is supposed to sweep through the inner solar system. The sweep-by was expected by fans in 2003, but has been postponed to 2017. But it may be overtaken by other disasters. Y is for yesterday, when all our troubles seemed so far away. Yesteryear, actually. Just think of the past, of change, and it’s almost poetry. Y is also for the ‘Yadav clan’, which has turned into a soap opera. Most significantly, Y is for ‘you’. Yes, you. All change finally depends on you, and your willingness to think, speak and act. Z is for zip, the procedure officially recommended for the lips of the adventurously garrulous. Zipping it is the finest sign of nationalism (see N), and clinching evidence that you are not an anti-national (go back to A). Best of Express Model Code of Conduct: EC asks Govt to respond to Opposition's Budget delay demand EntertainmentOm Puri passes away after a massive heart attack, funeral at 6 pm EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 15: Aamir Khan film sets new benchmarks for industry EntertainmentSwami Om out of Bigg Boss 10 for peeing on contestants. But this is not a first on the show EntertainmentBigg Boss 10: Swami Om calls Salman Khan ISI agent, anti-national Must Read SportsKohli named captain; Yuvraj, Raina back in India squad SportsCan Yuvraj, 35, withstand rigours of ODI, T20I series? SportsRuns, tons, sixes: Pant finds a place in T20I squad TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 design revealed as first alleged photo surfaces TechnologyCES 2017: Huawei introduces Mate 9 at $599 with Amazon Alexa integration TechnologyGoogle's Sundar Pichai to IIT-KGP students: Education needs to go beyond books LifestyleSavour home-cooked food by grandmas from around the world at this Italian eatery! Jan 07: Latest News FBI releases documents on San Bernardino shooter’s iPhone hacking US shooting: Iraq war veteran accused of killing five at Fort Lauderdale airport  Mexico rejects ‘threats’ against foreign firms’ investments Chicago: Four ordered held without bail over torture shown on Facebook Mike Pence says Donald Trump will take aggressive action to combat cyber hacking Pratik KanjilalThe writer is Associate Editor.... read more Men on a Mission You Are Here In the beginning, is the Word                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: host.madison.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $19.43/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Our sites Madison.com Cap Times Wis State Journal Popular features Obituaries Archives Comics Games and Puzzles Calendar of Events WSJ e-edition Topics Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Sports Help Contact Us Customer Service Activate full access Subscriber services Newspaper subscriptions Place an Ad Full-Access FAQ Buy & Sell Business Directory Autos, Homes, Jobs Real Estate Marketplace Deals Promotions & Free Stuff! Legal notices Wisconsin Homes Newspaper Ads Weekly Circulars Carsoup: Vehicles for sale Jobs Shop Local Search Local weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 1° Madison, WI (53711) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low -2F. Winds light and variable. Updated: January 6, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Life Entertainment Dining Buy & Sell Close AP California's Gigantic Medical-Marijuana Industry Could Be Devastated by an Unlikely Source newsfeedback@fool.com (Sean Williams) Updated Jan 1, 2017 0 Image source: Getty Images. If you support the legalization of marijuana, 2016 didn't give you much to complain about. Last year, residents in four states approved recreational-marijuana ballot initiatives, doubling the total from the end of 2015, while five new states put medical-cannabis laws on their books. By year's end, 28 states and Washington, D.C., had legalized medical pot. And there's more where that came from. We saw two battleground states -- Pennsylvania and Ohio -- introduce and pass medical-marijuana legislation without sending it to a public vote. We also saw a continued softening in the public's opinion toward marijuana, which remains an illegal drug at the federal level. Gallup's 2016 poll found that 60% of Americans now want to see the substance legalized nationwide, up from just 25% when California passed the first compassionate-use law in 1996. Legal weed sales have also soared. Cannabis research firm ArcView sees sales reaching nearly $22 billion by the end of the decade, while investment firm Cowen & Co. projects a better-than-23% annualized growth rate leading to $50 billion in legal sales by 2026. California is a medical-marijuana juggernaut Colorado, one of the first two states to legalize recreational marijuana in 2012, wound up generating $996.2 million in legal sales during 2015, leading to $135 million in tax and licensing revenue. Yet that's peanuts compared with legal pot sales in California, the eighth-largest economy in the world by GDP. Image source: Getty Images. Since passing medical-cannabis legislation in 1996, California has amassed more than 720,000 current patients, at least according to a September 2016 estimate from the Marijuana Policy Project. That's about 1.8% of California's total population as of 2015, and it represents half of all legal medical-marijuana patients in the entire United States. According to Troy Dayton, the CEO of ArcView, California generated $2.7 billion in medical-cannabis sales in 2015, which amounts to 62% of all medical-cannabis sales in the U.S. in 2015, as well as more than half of all cannabis sales, medical and recreational combined, in 2015. California's medical-marijuana industry is simply enormous. But it may not stay that way for long. The cannibalization of medical cannabis In November, California's residents went to the polls and overwhelmingly voted in favor of Prop 64, which will legalize recreational, adult-use weed for the state's more than 39 million residents. In 2018 alone, California's legal pot sales are expected to climb to $6.6 billion, based on estimates by New Frontier and ArcView. Image source: Cannabis Culture, Flickr. However, legalizing recreational marijuana for adults aged 21 and up creates a potentially big problem for the United States' largest medical-marijuana industry: Once recreational-marijuana sales are allowed (they'll be rolled out over the next year), the incentive to head to the doctor to get a prescription for medical pot will no longer be there. Not to mention that getting a physician referral takes time and costs money. From physicians to medical dispensaries, there's the possibility that the medical-cannabis industry could be ravaged by the recreational-pot industry. Medical dispensaries will still be needed for patients younger than age 21, so it's not as if they'd entirely disappear. But it's probable that the medical-marijuana industry in California today will look very different a year or two from now. The Sacramento Bee points out that some medical-pot clinics are planning to rebrand to broader holistic services in order to keep their clientele. Those services may include acupuncture, chiropractic care, and hypnosis, for example. Medical-marijuana shops are also counting on new consumers who want the guidance of a physician before purchasing pot, even if they're just recreational consumers and not medical-marijuana patients. Marijuana consultations from an experienced pot clinic physician could still translate into profits.  But, admittedly, the future of medical marijuana in California is very uncertain. Marijuana's clouded future Beyond just California, the future of marijuana in the U.S. remains somewhat clouded, too. For instance, the appointment of Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) to be the next attorney general of the United States is a potentially damaging blow to the marijuana industry. Sessions is an ardent opponent of the legalization movement, and even though President-elect Trump has thrown his full support behind medical marijuana, and has suggested that states should retain their right to regulate their pot industry without federal interference, Sessions could roll back some of the leniency instilled during the Obama presidency. While this isn't to say 20 years of progress could be wiped out, it's unlikely that the sledding will get easier with Sessions as attorney general. Image source: Getty Images. Keep up with money news, sent to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. We also can't forget that the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency declined to reschedule marijuana when given the opportunity this past August. The DEA noted a lack of safety and clinical data, as well as a lack of understanding the chemical properties of marijuana, in its decision to leave the drug classified as Schedule 1. This means pot companies are still primarily forced to deal in cash, as most banks want nothing to do with them, and they continue to face higher corporate income tax rates since they are unable to take normal business deductions. These persistent disadvantages are what make investing in this space so incredibly dangerous. Even if the incoming administration or the DEA does decide to reschedule marijuana, it doesn't mean things would necessarily get easier. Schedule 2 through Schedule 5 drugs fall under the tight regulation of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. The FDA would likely implement strict marketing and packaging regulations, oversee all medical grow operations, and require that approved clinical trials be run to prove that medical cannabis treats certain ailments This all translates into big expenses for the medical-pot industry. While marijuana's state-level expansion has been something to marvel, this remains an industry best watched from the sidelines. 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*  David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Wal-Mart wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of December 12, 2016 The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned.   Sean Williams has no material interest in any companies mentioned in this article. You can follow him on CAPS under the screen name TMFUltraLong, and check him out on Twitter, where he goes by the handle @TMFUltraLong. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Tags Wire × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Madison.com plans to switch to a new platform for reader engagement. Website article commenting will be disabled prior to the launch of the new platform. Participants will still need an account to post commentary on the site using the new system, called Livefyre. We hope this fresh start will create a more welcoming virtual space for a wider range of people and viewpoints. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Popular in this section Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar 4 Factors That Sent Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Sliding 45% in 2016 Why General Electric Company Offers Investors Something Different in 2017 Does Canada Offer FuelCell Energy a Path to Profitability? Energy Transfer Equity Investors Shrugged Off the Dakota Access Pipeline Decision in December Currents Meet some of the key players in the 2017 Puppy Bowl QUIZ: How much do you know about home improvement? NFL Wild Card Weekend: Predicting each playoff game Madison Wisconsin Business News FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone Madison Wisconsin Business News US designates election infrastructure as 'critical' Business Markets and Stocks News How to Sign Up for a TradeStation Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide Business Markets and Stocks News How Much Social Security Tax Do I Pay? Business Markets and Stocks News 2 Numbers PayPal Investors Should Watch Travel Northern Nevada flood warnings bring emergency declarations Business Markets and Stocks News Why Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Shares Shot 17% Higher Today Business Markets and Stocks News Strong December Pushes Ford Motor Co. to a Record Year in China   SITES & PARTNERS Madison.com Wisconsin State Journal Capital Times Nursingmatters WiscNews Shopper's Edge CarSoup Capital Newspapers TOPICS, FEATURES Obituaries Games & Puzzles Local weather News Sports Entertainment Events Life Comics Email Newsletters Archives Legal Notices WSJ e-edition Cap Times e-edition News Game Worship directory Online Features TOOLS, SERVICES Madison.com Wisconsin State Journal Capital Times Nursingmatters WiscNews Shopper's Edge CarSoup Capital Newspapers Activate your digital subscription Customer service Start a Wis State Journal subscription Shop Classifieds Homes Deals Place a classified ad Jobs Submit a Celebration Advertiser Services © Copyright 2017 Madison, 1901 Fish Hatchery Rd Madison, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Real Estate Retail Automotive Economy Small Business Healthcare OC Leaders Status Update Tourism More Santa Ana singer Caitlin Lucia, who once appeared on 'The Voice' and 'American Idol,' is headed to Nashville How the DOJ will conduct its civil-rights investigation of the district attorney and sheriff Woman dies after slamming her SUV into the back of a truck in Anaheim Former Newport Beach Mayor Dennis O'Neil dies Aaron Donald, Johnny Hekker represent Rams on All-Pro first team Analysis: Ducks in first place, despite up-and-down effort in first half Chris Paul expected to start Friday for the Clippers in Sacramento USC guard Damien Mama leaving early for NFL draft Kid-friendly, shared office space opens in Orange Lenders take hard line on your creditworthiness Investigators link Anthem cyber breach to foreign nation U.S. adds 156,000 jobs; unemployment rate ticks up to 4.7 pct. A celebration of life will be held for Gabby Gaborno at the Observatory Is closing the Tower of Terror a Disney mistake? 15 things to do in Orange County this weekend (Jan. 6-8) Santa Ana singer Caitlin Lucia, who once appeared on 'The Voice' and 'American Idol,' is headed to Nashville Top news Business Readers devoured these Top 10 Orange County food stories in 2016 Jan. 1, 2017 Updated Jan. 3, 2017 8:36 p.m. 1 of 14 The most read food stories of 2016 included Amar Santana's run on Top Chef, the Great Avocado Crisis, the sale of Slater's 505/50 and the bankruptcy of Souplantation. (Register illustration) 1 of 14 Amar Santana, chef-owner of Broadway by Amar Santana in Laguna Beach, competed in Bravo's Top Chef. He made it to the finale, which aired in March. He lost to Jeremy Ford but gained massive publicity for his O.C. restaurants. BRAVO , BRAVO 1 of 14 Avocado prices surged twice in 2016, prompting a crisis over the shortage. FRANK BELLINO , FRANK BELLINO STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 Slater's 50/50, selected as one of five 2014 Hot Concepts by Nation‘s Restaurant News, announced plans to sell its business in 2016. Layoff notices were given in December to dozens of employees; however, company founder Scott Slater insisted no employee was being let go. The layoff notices are part of the sale and restructuring of the business. COURTESY OF SLATER'S 50/50 1 of 14 Garden Fresh, the San Diego parent company of all-you-can eat buffet chain Souplantation, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 2017. It closes several locations, but SoCal units were saved. (Wikimedia) 1 of 14 Aldi executives shake hands as shoppers wait in line to enter the new Aldi market in Fountain Valley in April. Orange County stores were among the first 20 stores to open. JOSHUA SUDOCK, , STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 After a startup food sustainability group picked on In-N-Out Burger for not offering a vegetarian option, the online story went viral. Fans of the Irvine-based burger institution fought back, chiding the fledgling organization for taking a stab at their beloved burger brand. Superfans told Good Food to go elsewhere for a meatless burger, and leave In-N-Out alone. With fans coming to your defense like this, it's clear why In-N-Out never bothers with publicity. Their fans speak loud and clear, so they don't have to SUSAN GOLDMAN , SUSAN GOLDMAN BLOOMBERG NEWS 1 of 14 Self-checkout sticks around at Ralphs, shown. But, Albersons and Vons say they're getting rid of the convenient checkout service. JEFF GRITCHEN, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 Readers were excited to read about Target's new mini format store coming to Orange and Irvine. (Rendering courtesy Target) 1 of 14 Little Sparrow in Santa Ana was among several high profile restaurant closures in 2016. NICK KOON, , NICK KOON, FILE PHOTO 1 of 14 A reality business style rescue show on CNBC focused on a reboot of Farrell's. The Profit was filmed in Buena Park in 2016. NANCY LUNA, STAFF 1 of 14 Jeremy Ford and Amar Santana made it to the finale of “Top Chef” Season 14. DALE BERMAN/BRAVO 1 of 14 German-born Aldi discount grocery stores invaded Southern California in March 2016. The chain is disrupting the competitive supermarket industry with its deep discounts. NICK KOON, , NICK KOON, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 Many nostalgic brands closed in 2016 including two Knowlwood restaurants. , NICK KOON, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER View slideshow The most read food stories of 2016 included Amar Santana's run on Top Chef, the Great Avocado Crisis, the sale of Slater's 505/50 and the bankruptcy of Souplantation. (Register illustration) By NANCY LUNA / Staff Writer nluna@ocregister.com Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF Talk to us What type of food stories do you want to read more about in 2017? Supermarkets, third-party food delivery, open and shut restaurants? Write in and let us know at nluna@scng.com The Great Avocado Crisis, the invasion of extreme supermarket discounter Aldi, a bankrupt salad bar, poke fever and the sale of a popular Southern California burger brand dominated restaurant news in 2016. It was also a year where we saw another big gain in the number of restaurants operating in the county compared with last year: 233. Still, some big brands – Farrell’s Ice Cream Parlour, Knowlwood and Daphne’s California Greek – struggled. How did it all shake out? Here are the 10 biggest restaurant and food stories of 2016: Trouble at Souplantation When the San Diego parent company of Souplantation filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in October, readers went bonkers. Most were worried about the demise of their all-you-can-eat salad bar. Garden Fresh Restaurant Corp. ended up closing 20 restaurants, but it left untouched some 28 Souplantations in the greater Los Angeles area, Orange County and Inland Empire. The company said its Southern California locations perform well, so no need to worry. Still, we’ll be on the lookout for any changes to the salad bar in 2017. Sale of burger phenom Slater’s 50/50 Scott Slater, the owner of Orange County’s famed bacon-infused burger brand Slater’s 50/50, dropped a bombshell earlier this month when he announced plans to sell the chain’s six Southern California restaurants, including locations in Anaheim Hills and Huntington Beach. He said the new owner, Elite Restaurant Group, would infuse the fresh capital needed for remodels and expansion. Slater, who founded the first restaurant seven years ago in Anaheim Hills, is stepping down as president. He declined to disclose more details about the sale, including what prompted him to unload the company. He only discussed the sale after the Register inquired about notices filed to the state for each of his six restaurants. The public filings typically indicate a 60-day notice of layoffs at business locations. The notices said more than 700 employees would be impacted. Slater, who plans to stick with the brand as the “baron of bacon,” insisted the restaurants are not closing. Though he will no longer be a majority stakeholder, he said no layoffs will occur after the sale. “We’re going through a recapitalization process,” he said. “We terminate, and we rehire with a new organization.” Nation’s Restaurant News, an industry trade magazine, said the new owner behind Elite is Michael Nakhleh, a former Fatburger and Sizzler operator. He plans to expand Slater’s through franchising. “Slater’s food is amazing. They have the total package. It just felt right for us to take on this brand and really expand with it,” he told NRN. The sale is expected to close early next year. Hot restaurant concepts Orange County once again experienced another net gain in restaurants with 8,872 operating as of Dec. 1, according to data from the county’s Health Care Agency. That’s up 233 restaurants from last year, and a jump of 830 more restaurants since 2009. Ten years ago, I would have attributed much of the gain to growth in restaurant chains – from California Pizza Kitchen to Cheesecake Factory. But over the last five years, Orange County has seen a large number of indie restaurants and food halls open at retail centers and historic downtown communities. Restaurants have become the new anchors as consumers seek experiences they can’t get buy over the internet. Some openings earning buzz this year: the $12 million Water Grill seafood restaurant in Costa Mesa; brunch sensation Snooze in Tustin; “restaurant within a restaurant” LSXO at Pacific City; and numerous poke bowl restaurants that debuted across the county. Note: Tasting rooms are also on the rise with several new craft brew beer hubs and a distillery opening in 2016, including Chapman Crafted in Orange, Unsung Brewing Co. in Anaheim, Karl Strauss Brewing Co. in Anaheim, Beachwood Brewing in Huntington Beach, Bruery Terreux in Anaheim, Gunwhale Ales in Costa Mesa, Stereo in Placentia and Blinking Owl Distillery in Santa Ana. Spate of Closures Orange County is a much sought after market, but the restaurant industry is facing tough times with flat foot traffic amid rising labor costs. The Register’s “Open and Shut” column, which appears every Sunday in the Business section, tracks closures throughout the year. Though we closed the year with a big gain of new restaurants, dozens more shutdown. We don’t catch them all, but we spotlighted about 70 closures in 2016, including notable brands such as critically acclaimed Little Sparrow in downtown Santa Ana, Holsteins Shakes and Buns at South Coast Plaza, Casey’s Cucpakes and several Round Table Pizzas. We also bid goodbye to some nostalgic concepts including Marie Callender’s original Orange restaurant, Farrell’s in Mission Viejo, and two longtime Knowlwood restaurants. 2017 prediction: The bubble will burst for build-your-own pizza and poke bowl concepts, fast-growing food categories that have saturated the market. Veggie bashing of In-N-Out After a startup food sustainability group picked on In-N-Out Burger for not offering a vegetarian option, the online story went viral. “A meat-free option is a no-brainer” for a brand like In-N-Out, the Good Food Institute said. And, grilled cheese doesn’t count, the Washington D.C.-based group said. Well, fans of the Irvine-based burger institution fought back, chiding the fledgling organization for taking a stab at their beloved burger brand. Superfans told Good Food to go elsewhere for a meatless burger, and leave In-N-Out alone. With fans coming to your defense like this, it’s clear why In-N-Out never bothers with publicity. Their fans speak loud and clear, so they don’t have to. Great Avocado Crisis It was a costly year for avocado lovers. Prices of the popular green fruit skyrocketed twice this year with the latest fall surge tied to a shortage of avocados from Mexico. At the time, prices hovered at $76 a case, a 30-year record for Santa Ana produce company, Ingardia Bros. The crisis triggered widespread panic – from produce suppliers to Mexican restaurants. Subway, in some stores, stopped serving avocado temporarily during the shortfall. Mexico supplies are now back to normal. In 2017, supplies will shift back to Hass avocados grown in California. The question: Will the lingering drought impact the quality of locally grown Hass? We’ll have to wait and see. Aldi Invasion Aldi, the great supermarket disruptor, entered the hyper-competitive Southern California grocery scene in March to throngs of bargain hunting shoppers. The German-born chain, which has family ties to Trader Joe’s, sells knockoffs of top-selling labels such as Heineken beer, cereals from General Mills and Heinz ketchup. Aldi guarantees the quality of its low-price store brands, maintaining shoppers can save up to 50 percent on their grocery bills. Analysts say Aldi, which operates nearly 1,600 stores in 34 U.S. states, impacts rivals from dollar stores to Walmart to traditional supermarkets. Aldi closed the year with 34 stores in Southern California, including locations in Anaheim, Buena Park and Fountain Valley. “Our plan for aggressive growth in the Southern California market remains unchanged, and we are looking to open approximately 20 stores throughout the region in 2017,” the company told the Register a few weeks ago. The next locations to open in Orange County are in Garden Grove and Laguna Woods. Amar Santana’s amazing ‘Top Chef’ run The Register chronicled the four-month run of Amar Santana on “Top Chef,” the award-winning cooking competition on Bravo. Throughout the December-to-March season, Santana dazzled the judges with his charm and unforgettable dishes. So, when he got eliminated over toast, fans cried foul. But he fought his way back to the finale through “Last Chance Kitchen,” the show’s secondary competition which allows eliminated contestants to re-join the main event. At the Las Vegas showdown, Santana was unstoppable. Not even his old mentor Charlie Palmer, who showed up at the end to assist Santana in the kitchen, could hurt him. Or did he? The two had a falling out, which was emphasized for ratings on the show. Did Palmer nudge the judges to ultimately choose self-taught Florida chef Jeremy Ford? We will never know. Santana would later say his food was better. His fans thought so too. But he has no regrets. Santana got what he wanted: worldwide recognition for his talents and priceless publicity for his two restaurants, Vaca in Costa Mesa and Broadway by Amar Santana in Laguna Beach. Both are among the hottest seats in town. Organizers of local charity and social events are now after Santana to be a guest chef at their fundraisers and private parties. He’s grateful. “I knew Top Chef was going to change my life. I just didn’t know it was going to change my life this much. I didn’t think it was going to be this good.” Self-checkout implosion at Albertsons, Vons Though convenience and speed of service are important to shoppers, Albertsons and Vons announced plans in November to scrap self-checkout lanes at 96 of 352 stores in Southern California. The sister chains, instead, plan to give better one-on-one service to shoppers “which includes a friendly checker to serve them,” a spokesman said. Well, most of you were not too happy about this change, with some saying they no longer plan to shop at either store. Mini Targets coming to Irvine, Orange Target announced plans this year to open two “flexible-format” stores in Orange County. The stores in Irvine and Orange, about one-third the size of a standard Target, will offer merchandise and groceries. Stores will emphasize produce and grab-and-go foods such as sandwiches, salads and beverages. The Orange and Irvine stores are part of 28 flexible-format stores opening in the U.S. over the next three years. The Irvine store, at Bridge Road and Campus Drive, will go into the 20,000-square-foot space formerly occupied by 24 Hour Fitness. The Orange store will be in the Rusty Leaf Plaza at Yorba Street and Chapman Avenue. Both will open in 2017. Contact the writer: nluna@scng.com or 714-796-6756 Related Links Mini Target coming to former Ralphs in Orange Restaurant Closures in Orange County Albertsons, Vons getting rid of most self-checkout lanes at Southern California stores Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Woman dies after slamming her SUV into the back of a truck in Anaheim Authorities: 5 dead, 8 wounded in Florida airport shooting Local skiers, boarders gear up as Mammoth prepares for epic snowfall 3 Orange County hospitals among 14 fined by state for putting patients at risk How the DOJ will conduct its civil-rights investigation of the district attorney and sher Related Links Mini Target coming to former Ralphs in Orange Restaurant Closures in Orange County Albertsons, Vons getting rid of most self-checkout lanes at Southern California stores User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Santa Ana singer Caitlin Lucia, who once appeared on 'The Voice' and 'American Idol,' is headed to Nashville How the DOJ will conduct its civil-rights investigation of the district attorney and sheriff Woman dies after slamming her SUV into the back of a truck in Anaheim Former Newport Beach Mayor Dennis O'Neil dies Aaron Donald, Johnny Hekker represent Rams on All-Pro first team Analysis: Ducks in first place, despite up-and-down effort in first half Chris Paul expected to start Friday for the Clippers in Sacramento USC guard Damien Mama leaving early for NFL draft Kid-friendly, shared office space opens in Orange Lenders take hard line on your creditworthiness Investigators link Anthem cyber breach to foreign nation U.S. adds 156,000 jobs; unemployment rate ticks up to 4.7 pct. A celebration of life will be held for Gabby Gaborno at the Observatory Is closing the Tower of Terror a Disney mistake? 15 things to do in Orange County this weekend (Jan. 6-8) Santa Ana singer Caitlin Lucia, who once appeared on 'The Voice' and 'American Idol,' is headed to Nashville Top news Education » Segerstrom offers dance classes for children with disabilities University of California to consider $282 annual tuition hike 7 things to watch in Irvine in 2017 BUSINESS » Kid-friendly, shared office space opens in Orange Lenders take hard line on your creditworthiness Investigators link Anthem cyber breach to foreign nation O.C. Watchdog » Watchdog: Is child prostitution legal in California? Huntington Beach assemblyman says it is Nonprofit greyhound rescue and dog blood bank Hemopet is losing money Rackauckas backtracks, reinstates oversight position urged by jailhouse informant probe Health Care » State braces for Medi-Cal's future Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing CSUF aims to strengthen its off-campus biotechnology presence ENTERTAINMENT » A celebration of life will be held for Gabby Gaborno at the Observatory Is closing the Tower of Terror a Disney mistake? 15 things to do in Orange County this weekend (Jan. 6-8) Food » Top Orange County restaurants, The Winery and Javier's, headed for $585 million San Diego mall project Best Thing I Ate This Week: Fried chicken and biscuit at Reunion are just like grandma's The cream of the crop of 2016's cookbooks TELEVISION » 'Top Chef' recap: Baking, barbecuing and birthdays rattle the chefs A blow-by-blow of how 2016 punched us in the collective gut Most Influential 2016: Zach King's videos made him a star, and now he wants to take on Hollywood Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia ANALYSIS » Video: USC football team looks to build off amazing finish PHOTOS/VIDEO » Angel Stadium turned into giant dirt track for Supercross racing CARTOONS » Cartoons: Repeal and replace? SLIDESHOW » Winter rains brighten OC landscape BALD EAGLES » Where you can find our national birds in Southern California CARTOONS » Cartoons: Bring out your dead Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
null
GoSearch Replay: WGNT at 7 News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Politics Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 35° 35° Low 27° High 41° Sat 18° 31° Sun 16° 27° Mon 24° 33° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Latest Winter Storm Closings and Delays Virginia mother denies son’s involvement in racist vandalism Posted 9:44 am, January 1, 2017, by Web Staff Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video HENRICO COUNTY, Va. -- The mother of the man arrested for damaging and vandalizing the Tuckahoe Little League complex says her son did not act alone. Taylor Allen Ferrell, 18, was arrested Friday afternoon at a hotel on Broad Street and charged with three counts of intentionally damaging a property or monument. Ferrell's mother, Sarah Maxey, spoke exclusively to CBS 6 from her Henrico County home. "I can’t understand for the life of me why he would’ve gone there or done that," she said. Offensive, vulgar, and racist messages in black spray paint were discovered on the outside walls of several buildings Thursday morning. The vandalism included spray painted words insulting those with the Black Lives Matter movement, immigrants and a message of “White Power." Maxey said her son was with two other people that night, including a man who bought the paint at Walmart and supplied Ferrell with alcohol before traveling to the complex. She said her son confessed to police and herself to committing the crime, but not to writing the more hateful language. Photo Gallery View Gallery (3 images) "He did admit to breaking the sink and drawing pictures of genitalia," explained Maxey. "But, he did not write the racist words or none of that. His girlfriend is actually Black so he’s far from being racist." The destruction of the complex, located off John Rolfe Parkway in the West End, also included smashed urinal, toilets, and broken mirrors. The park supervisor told CBS 6 the damage will cost them $5,500. Maxey revealed her son has had a troubled upbringing, but said her son isn't a mean person that deserves the threats written on social media. "One person says they should take a baseball bat to his hands and feet. That’s pretty harsh," she said. Maxey said detectives told her they continue to investigate the others who may be involved, while her son remains in jail without bond. "I expect my son to suffer the consequences of his own actions," she said. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Southern Bank News 3’s Proud Community Partner! Popular First Warning Forecast: Tracking a good chance of snow Thursday’s First Warning Forecast: Much colder and snow Anaconda in apartment toilet startles Virginia resident Latest News SUPERNATURAL, Thursday 01/12 at 9pm on WGNT 27 Woman in her 80s honks horn to avoid robbery, Virginia Beach police search for suspect Trump meets with Vanity Fair, New Yorker editors SpaceX gets green light days before scheduled launch News Vandals damage property, spray paint vulgar messages on walls of Richmond little league complex News Reports of racist graffiti, hate crimes post-election News Police: Mom leaves kids home alone; vacations in Cancun News Historic black school in Virginia vandalized with racist messages News ‘My family raised me better,’ Richmond high school student says from jail News Christmas party killing: Wife arrested in husband’s death News Texas police investigate arrest of women caught on video News Politics Weekend brings more anti-Trump protests across nation News Couple wake up to find their toddler in strange man’s arms News Virginia Beach Little League complex vandalized again News Mass shooter Dylann Roof, with a laugh, confesses,’I did it’ News California mom Sherri Papini had ‘message’ burned onto her skin News Man gets life in prison for leaving boy in hot car to die Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Friday, January 6, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 4°F Cloudy Friday, January 6, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Look back: Highlights from Melissa Merli from the week that was share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More A & E Chuck Koplinski: 2016's best movies Club listings, Jan. 5-12, 2017 John Frayne: Looking back, it was a harmonious concert season Chuck Koplinski: 'Hidden Figures' fine but lacks bite × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » Arts & Entertainment » Local Look back: Highlights from Melissa Merli from the week that was Sun, 01/01/2017 - 7:00am | Melissa Merli Silly, serious collide in film If you like happy movies, avoid "Manchester by the Sea." If you enjoy realism — "a kind of realism rarely found in recent American movies, which often seem to think that audiences will be confused or offended when the silly and the serious collide on screen," as A.O Scott put it, by all means, see it. A friend called it "beautifully bleak" after we saw it Wednesday at the Art Theater Co-op. Written and directed by Kenneth Lonergan, the characters, chief among them Lee Chandler (an effective Casey Affleck) deal with serious family trauma. Obsessed with coloring book Over the Christmas weekend, I became obsessed for a bit with my adult mandala coloring book I'd picked up for $2.99 at Aldi. Using the great Prismacolor colored pencils, I filled in three mandalas in three days. It's relaxing to work with color, but I want to move onto making art, as I once did. The trend of adult coloring books — seems to be one for every subject — continues unabated, with 12 million sold in 2015, up from 1 million in 2014. They made Walmart $100 million in 2016. Michael's alone has a selection of more than 150 books. Wow. Picking up poetry Having interviewed Julie Price Pinkerton about her $10,000-prize-winning poem "Veins" and attending a reading by her at an Urbana home, I was inspired to pick up the book — complete and unabridged — of Robert Frost poems I'd bought somewhere for 25 cents — the label remains on the cover. I turned to his most famous, "The Road Not Taken," and then read others with winter settings. Tis the season! Like Pinkerton's, his poems are accessible but not as humorous as hers. Did you know Frost (1874-1963) won four Pulitzer prizes for poetry? Sections (2):Local, Arts & Entertainment Topics (2):Books, Film More A & E Chuck Koplinski: 2016's best movies Club listings, Jan. 5-12, 2017 John Frayne: Looking back, it was a harmonious concert season Chuck Koplinski: 'Hidden Figures' fine but lacks bite More A & E Chuck Koplinski: 2016's best movies Club listings, Jan. 5-12, 2017 John Frayne: Looking back, it was a harmonious concert season Chuck Koplinski: 'Hidden Figures' fine but lacks bite Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Most Viewed News UPDATE: Man was shot in chest UPDATED: Champaign man charged with DUI following crash that killed Mahomet woman UPDATED: Champaign man charged with DUI following crash that killed Mahomet woman UPDATE: Man was shot in chest UPDATE: Man was shot in chest Most Commented News UPDATE: Man was shot in chest Guest Commentary: Father defends slain son UPDATED: arbitrator rules for Rush — again Getting Personal: Scott Bennett Arrest made in connection with home invasion of 87-year-old Trending Now UPDATE: No shots fired in Urbana Former Blind Pig manager ordered to repay owner $10,500 'This young man is dangerous' UPDATE: Man was shot in chest Macy's in Champaign survives cuts Hobbico's deferral of payout upsets, confounds ex-workers Arkansas man arrested on I-57 after shooting in Gilman UPDATE: Accident on I-74 between Neil and Lincoln Alleged con artist in jail Dismemberment case: 7 years for Champaign man Danville's Moore drawing eyes with big scoring Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Frequently Asked Questions Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
Home Business Directory Your Health Classifieds Obituaries eEdition Public Notices Advertising Subscriptions Sign in 41° Fair Friday January 6, 2017 Payson Roundup | Payson, AZ Jump to content News Today's news Local Business Arts & Entertainment Education Births Couples Obituaries Payson Town Hall Star Valley Sports Opinion Letters to the editor Submit your letter Guest Comment Our View Submit Story idea Photo Engagement Wedding Anniversary Obituaries Birth Letter to the Editor Press release Roundup Blog Social Media Tourism Events Today's events Town of Payson Event Calendar Submit an event Almanac Photos/Videos Buy photos Photos Galleries Videos Archive Videos Audio Documents Outdoors ADVERTISEMENT A White Christmas In Rim Country Is A Beautiful Sight By Janet Snyder As of Friday, December 30, 2016 Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Advertisement We had a white Christmas! Tonto Village looked like a picture postcard. The ponderosa pine trees were all dressed up in their winter whites and the cabins could have been featured on a greeting card. The total amount of snow varied, anywhere from 4 to 6 inches in some locations. The temperatures were very low, in the teens, and they continue to stay low, so the snow has been sticking around. According to the weather reports, the temperatures are going to go up about 15 degrees, so the snow will be gone. There were not too many visitors in the Village who would normally be attracted to the snow, but it was Christmas, they will be back when the next good amount of snow again comes to the Village. A special thank you to our Gila County maintenance crew for a great job in clearing the streets in the Village. They were right on top of it with their plows — and this was on Christmas Day! Thank you from the residents of Tonto Village. One reminder ... there are still a few residents who are parking on the streets during a snowstorm. An ordinance is posted as you enter the Village, that there should be no parking on the streets from November to April in order to allow the snowplows to do their job and clear the streets. Please observe this ordinance. New resident Chuck and Aimee Olinger are proud to announce the birth of their daughter, Callie Reagan Olinger on Nov. 7, 2016. Callie weighed in at 8 pounds, 4 ounces. Welcome Callie, and congratulations to Chuck and Aimee. Birthdays, etc. In the second week of January, Tonto Village I resident, Steven Kamp will add another candle to his birthday cake on Jan. 10. On Jan. 11, Laura Bierwirth of Colcord Estates and Payson will celebrate her birthday. Since her day falls on a Wednesday, the Domino Divas will help her celebrate her big day with her favorite dessert. On Jan. 16, Garah Monic of Star Valley will be adding another candle to her birthday cake. Garah is the clerk of the Hellsgate Fire Board and she can be seen almost every day at Walmart. Happy birthday to each of you, and remember, another birthday is another year of memories. Then on Jan. 12, another Domino Diva, Dara Sutton and her husband Phon will be celebrating their 37th wedding anniversary. May you know more years of joy and love. Hellsgate Fire Department The Hellsgate Fire Board will hold its monthly meeting Wednesday, Jan. 11 at the fire station in Star Valley. The meeting begins at 5:30 p.m. The fire board meetings are always held on the second Wednesday of each month. If there is a change, Angie Lecher, business manager, will email members of the change. Here comes 2017 New Year’s Eve is on Saturday and I would guess that there will be many parties to help bring in the new year. So you most likely need a good recipe for an appetizer or munchie. The “Fireflies Can Cook” cookbook has a munchie called “TRASH” and the recipe was submitted by former Domino Diva and Christopher Creek resident, Penny Wells. Penny moved last year to South Carolina to be closer to her family — our loss! Penny is a great cook. TRASH 1 box Cheezit 3 packages Pepperidge Farm fish pretzels 1 package oyster crackers 1/2 cup oil 2 packages Hidden Valley buttermilk dressing mix 1/4 cup dill weed (or to your taste) Optional: peanuts and Cheetos Mix together, bake on shallow pan at 350 degrees for 30 minutes. Double D Doings Speaking of parties, the Double D will be having a New Year’s Eve party starting at about 8 p.m. with live music by Carl Anthony. Naturally there will be plenty of noisemakers and snacks to munch on while you wait for the New Year 2017. To my readers ... May the new year find you happy and surrounded by the love of family and friends. Happy New Year! More like this story Storm turns Tonto Village into winter wonderland Meet our new neighbors in Tonto Village Seems winter has passed by Rim Country Weekend’s weather creates winter wonderland Shelby School’s Christmas production was special indeed Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Requires free registration Posting comments requires a free account and verification. Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Latest Photos More photos Advertisement Payson Roundup News archives / About / Advertising / Feedback / Contact / Terms of use policy / Staff Submit Story idea / Photo / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Birth / Letter to the Editor / Press release Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 The Payson Roundup. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds.
BUSINESS What to buy (and skip) in January January sales Sam Hodgson / Bloomberg With Christmas in the rearview mirror, retailers are anxious to get rid of holiday merchandise and other old inventory. With Christmas in the rearview mirror, retailers are anxious to get rid of holiday merchandise and other old inventory. (Sam Hodgson / Bloomberg) Courtney Jespersen If finding deals is your New Year’s resolution, January is a great time to start. For those who want to make saving money a priority in 2017, here are recommendations for what to buy (and skip) this month based on NerdWallet’s analysis of historical sales cycles. Buy: Christmas decorations The period after Christmas has long been the best time to buy Christmas decorations. You may scoop up some post-Christmas deals on Dec. 26, but come Jan. 1, there will still be a handful of artificial trees, red ornaments and shiny wrapping paper spilling over in store clearance aisles. Stock up on holiday closeouts if you have space to hang onto extra tinsel until December. Skip: Smartphones You can’t always time your smartphone purchase. If your trusty iPhone has seen better days, it may be time for something new. But if you’re planning an upgrade in the not-so-imminent future, consider waiting a while longer. Prices on existing phone models tend to go down whenever a new phone is released. For Apple phones, the sweet spot is usually September after the company’s annual keynote product announcement. As for Samsung, tech enthusiasts speculate the Galaxy S8 could arrive around April. Buy: Televisions The end of football season marks the beginning of television deals as retailers help shoppers prepare for viewing parties. The Super Bowl will air Feb. 5, but retailers probably will kick off sales at the end of January — making it an excellent time to score a bargain. In 2016, Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Amazon and others discounted a wide variety of TVs in assorted brands and sizes ahead of the big game. Look for similar savings again in 2017. Skip: Toys Toys were hot during the holidays; if you haven’t heard of a Hatchimal, you’ve probably been living under a rock. But with Christmas over, January isn’t likely to see many worthwhile toy deals. The good news is that your little ones may be set for a while after all of their December gifts. Buy: Fitness gear January is a solid time to sign up for a gym because many chains offer special New Year’s rates. But don’t spend that money unless you’re sure you’ll use the membership. All too often, new members lock themselves in for a full year, then stop showing up after a month or two. Skip: Mattresses Great deals on mattresses will come in February, when Presidents Day sales bring discounts. Presidents Day is Feb. 20, so hold off for a month if you’re in the market for a new mattress. Or if February is too soon for your budget, mattress deals will be back again in May over Memorial Day weekend and in September over Labor Day weekend. Buy: Bedding You might not want to buy a new mattress, but you can save on the sheets and blankets that go on your existing mattress. January is the month when department stores host “white sales” to clear out their existing inventory of sheets, towels, blankets and more. Expect savings to be especially deep on clearance items. Last year, several stores offered 60% to 70% off bedding basics. Caption BSO confirms multiple people shot and one in custody at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport According to a spokesperson for the Broward Sheriff’s Office, multiple people have been shot and one person is in custody after shots were fired at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. According to a spokesperson for the Broward Sheriff’s Office, multiple people have been shot and one person is in custody after shots were fired at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. Caption BSO confirms multiple people shot and one in custody at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport According to a spokesperson for the Broward Sheriff’s Office, multiple people have been shot and one person is in custody after shots were fired at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. According to a spokesperson for the Broward Sheriff’s Office, multiple people have been shot and one person is in custody after shots were fired at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. Caption Sheriff Scott Israel and other officials hold press conference The full length video of a press conference held at the Fort Lauderdale International Airport on the latest information about the shooting there early Friday afternoon. The full length video of a press conference held at the Fort Lauderdale International Airport on the latest information about the shooting there early Friday afternoon. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss The 74th Annual Golden Globe Awards will take place Sunday, the popular Tower of Terror ride at Disney California Adventure has officially closed, thousands of people died trying to cross the Mediterranean in the last year alone, and California's minimum wage is now $10.50. The 74th Annual Golden Globe Awards will take place Sunday, the popular Tower of Terror ride at Disney California Adventure has officially closed, thousands of people died trying to cross the Mediterranean in the last year alone, and California's minimum wage is now $10.50. Caption Possible family dispute leaves 3 dead and 1 injured in late-night shooting Three family members were shot to death and one severely injured in an apartment in Fontana. Police believe another family member is to blame. Three family members were shot to death and one severely injured in an apartment in Fontana. Police believe another family member is to blame. Caption A Mammoth snow could lead to an epic season at the Sierra resort It's snowing in the Sierra. It started snowing Jan. 4, and you can already see what Mother Nature has wrought. It's snowing in the Sierra. It started snowing Jan. 4, and you can already see what Mother Nature has wrought. Courtney Jespersen is a staff writer at NerdWallet, a personal finance website. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times U.S. intelligence report says Putin targeted presidential election to 'harm' Hillary Clinton's chances Fort Lauderdale airport shooting suspect carried weapon in his baggage, law enforcement official says 'State of panic' grips Northern California as atmospheric river approaches the Sierra Nevada Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 59°
Sections News Photo Store Archives 100 Years Ago Obituaries Senior Scene Cops and Courts Business National World Sports Joe Maddon Fall Preview 2016 Wildlife Best Of PNC Field Video National Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Capitol Matters John Cole cartoons Community Calendar Out & About Our Towns Parade Games Arts Calendar Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Contact Presspass Become a carrier Activate Contact Us My Subscription E-EDITION Print Advertising e-Edition Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Standard-Speaker All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week. Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Standard-Speaker on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at standardspeaker.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • Community • Classifieds • Contact • e-Edition • Marketplace Police, Jan. 1 See featured businesses in Hazleton Browse the Local Business Directory Hazleton Apartments Hazleton Attorneys Hazleton Auto Dealers Hazleton Auto Parts Hazleton Auto Repair Hazleton Beauty Salons Hazleton Car Rental Hazleton Dentists Hazleton Doctors Hazleton Flowers Hazleton Hotels Hazleton Insurance Hazleton Loans Hazleton Mortgages Hazleton Movers Hazleton Pizza Hazleton Realtors Hazleton Restaurants Hazleton Storage Hazleton Tax Preparation Hazleton Travel Featured More... From staff reports / Published: January 1, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Impaired man charged with causing ruckus A man was caught, allegedly intoxicated, banging on doors in Nesquehoning on Dec. 21. Robert C. Cesanek, 30, entered one of the homes uninvited, scaring the victim, who was at home with a 6-year-old, court papers state. When police arrested him they said they found five heroin packets and syringes in his possession and charged him with criminal trespass, defiant trespass, simple assault, possession of a controlled substance and use or possession of drug paraphernalia. He was also charged with public drunkenness and disorderly conduct and arraigned that day by Magisterial District Judge Edward Lewis, who set bail at 10 percent of $20,000. Unable to post the money, he was taken to jail. According to arrest papers, police were alerted at 10:43 a.m. of a man who appeared intoxicated banging on doors in the borough. One of the victims on West Catawissa Street answered the door and Cesanek let himself in unwanted, court papers state, staggering around in the living room. The victim called her neighbor and 911 for help and told Cesanek to leave. Court papers state Cesanek did leave and was taken into custody by police shortly after. He admitted to using heroin that day, police wrote. Man accused of theft by deception A Tamaqua man deceived a Rush Township store, police say. James E. Bloss, 61, was charged with theft by deception and retail theft by township police. The charges were filed Dec. 13 and issued via summons, which he accepted Dec. 21. Arrest papers state he attempted to return $33.08 worth of merchandise he didn’t pay for Dec. 12 at Wal-Mart, Hometown. Charges, citations Charges or citations have been filed against the following, according to court documents. Violations for older offenses appear now because they have only recently been filed or served. ■ Andrew T. Schlegel, 30, Tamaqua, disorderly conduct for hazardous or physical offense by Rush Township police after a Sept. 21 offense. ■ Eric Berger, 32, Tamaqua, disorderly conduct by borough police after a Dec. 14 offense. ■ Tayna Hernandez, 26, Hazleton, disorderly conduct by West Hazleton police after a Dec. 21 offense. ■ Pedro A. Castillo, 25, Hazleton, disorderly conduct by state police at Hazleton after a Dec. 12 offense. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 21 North Wyoming Street Hazleton, PA 18201 1-570-455-3636 CONTACT US Copyright ©2016 The Standard Speaker PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS COMMUNITY BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND HAZLETON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 10 °C Saturday 7 January, 2017 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Voices Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags 7 deadly reads longform Longreads sitdown sunday See other tags Tags Sunday 1 Jan, 2017 http://jrnl.ie/3113848 Sitdown Sunday: The 24 deadliest longreads from 2016 Two from every month, just for you to enjoy. Sun 9:30 AM 18,377 Views 1 Comment Share Tweet Email7 THROUGHOUT 2016, WE’VE brought you seen longreads a week, in Sitdown Sunday – but you might not have caught them all. So sit back with a cuppa and enjoy two of our favourite longreads from each month of last year. If you want even more to read, you can check out all of the year’s longreads here. January Daisy Ridley's new wax figure, as Rey in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, is revealed at Madame Tussauds in London. Source: EMPICS Entertainment Girls explain Star Wars to You Irish writer Sarah Maria Griffin writes about the transformative experience of watching Star Wars: The Force Awakens, and seeing a character like Rey – a strong woman in a movie that celebrates the diversity of its cast. (Scannain, approx 16 mins reading time) It dawned on me extremely slowly that Rey was, in fact, not a love interest, or a B-Plot. I was on the edge of my seat, waiting for a gold-bikini scene. Waiting for her to have been written as all feist, no capability. Waiting for her to give up, already having given up on characters like her written by men a long, long time ago. Bowie and Me It was a sad month. First Bowie, then Alan Rickman, both gone. Back in 2013, the Guardian interviewed people who were involved with Bowie’s career, and it’s a fascinating look at how he worked with people. (The Guardian, approx 23 mins reading time) He’s an emotional, passionate person who put everything into the music. I’ve seen him in the studio burst out crying after finishing a song – Life On Mars springs to mind. After some gigs, he’d say, “The audience were a bit quiet.” I’d say, “David, they’re staring at you with their mouths open.” He had created this fierce storm, but he was the only one in it. He felt as if everyone was feeding off him, like leeches. February They adopted her – but did they kill her?  Rosario Porto and Alfonso Basterra adopted a baby girl, Asunta Fong Yang, from China. She was a gifted child, who spent her weekends attending classes in everything from French to ballet. But then, at the age of 12, she was found dead. (The Guardian, approx 30 mins reading time) By the time she turned 12 in September 2012, Asunta might have been expected to be getting fed up with being, to all appearances, a project child – someone who was determinedly being shaped into a prodigy. Once, when her mother was going through a list of after-school activities in front of acquaintances, the girl snapped: “That’s one that I’m doing because you like it!” But mostly Asunta seemed happy. She was talented, disciplined and enjoyed what she did. She never came home In 2005, Pamela Colloff wrote about beauty queen Irene Garza, whose body was pulled from an irrigation canal. The suspect? A priest. Earlier this year, the priest was arrested. (Texas Monthly, approx 42 mins reading time) One parishioner noticed Irene make the sign of the cross as she entered the sanctuary. Another parishioner saw her kneeling by herself in a pew on the fifth row. A third remembered Irene asking if she might edge in front of her in the long confession line because she was running late. Some recalled her draping a white lace veil over her head, while others said she had stepped out of line, as if turning to go. Yet no one ever saw her leave the church that night. The next morning, Easter Sunday, her car was still parked down the street from Sacred Heart. Irene never came home. March Source: Shutterstock/Photographee.eu Is sex work just another job? There is an ongoing debate in many countries – including Ireland – about the decriminalisation of sex work. Here, sex workers in the US talk about their work, detailing how they got into the industry, and the debate on the issue is seen from all sides. (NY Mag, approx 32 mins reading time) The debate has highlighted a rift among feminists, pitting two deeply held beliefs against each other. One side argues that women should be free economic agents, capable of making choices in their own self-interest, empowered to own their sexuality and use their bodies however they choose. If Chelsea Lane wants to become a sex worker, why shouldn’t she be allowed to do it legally? Those on the other side believe that the Chelsea Lanes of the world are a tiny fraction of sex workers and that many who “choose” this life are not choosing freely or choosing at all. Isis’s sex slaves This much-shared story is about how Isis keeps sex slaves – and keeps them from getting pregnant by forcing them to take birth control pills. (New York Times, approx 15 mins reading time) In at least one case, a woman was forced to have an abortion in order to make her available for sex, and others were pressured to do so. Some described how they knew they were about to be sold when they were driven to a hospital to give a urine sample to be tested for the hCG hormone, whose presence indicates pregnancy. They awaited their results with apprehension: A positive test would mean they were carrying their abuser’s child; a negative result would allow Islamic State fighters to continue raping them. April The day my partner drowned Decca Aitkenhead writes with strength, grace and honesty about the death of her partner – the father of her two sons – in a drowning accident in Jamaica. After he died, she had even more tough times to deal with. (The Guardian, approx 23 mins reading time) Only then did I register the power of the riptide that had swept Jake off his feet. Beneath an apparently benign surface, an undertow had gathered, like a gigantic magnet on the horizon sucking us out to sea. The force of the current took my breath away. But I am a strong swimmer, and sensed no cause for great alarm as we inched our way to safety. On my back, in the soundless calm, all I could see was blue sky. It didn’t even cross my mind to panic.  Kevin Barry on Cork Are we allowed to call Kevin Barry a genius yet? The Irish writer has talent in spades, and this essay about Cork is full of incredible lines. (Granta, approx 24 mins reading time) At the very least, the last of this is true: the city of Cork is besotted with itself, and it talks of little else. Quite right, too – it’s a gorgeous place, it’s enormous fun, and it has an operatic atmosphere. By operatic, I mean that its passions are fervently held and fervently debated, and there is a native tendency to melodrama: the hand gestures are near-Italianate. I lived in the city from my early twenties until my early thirties – it is in many ways responsible for the creature that I have become, and I hold no rancour against it for this. May Source: Patrick Semansky Who is Melania Trump? Donald Trump got engaged to Slovenian model Melania Knauss back in 2002. You’ve probably seen a lot of photographs of her, but this profile delves deeper into who Melania is. (The New Yorker, approx 20 mins reading time) She has been largely absent from the campaign trail, preferring, she says, to stay at home with Barron, her ten-year-old son with Donald. Lately, she has been appearing more frequently, in the hope of appealing to female voters, who view Trump unfavorably by a ratio of more than three to one. She sticks to a repertoire of stock answers: “He is an amazing negotiator,” “We are both very independent.” She has a jewelry line, a skin-care line (the prize ingredient is French sturgeon eggs), and a thing for the phrase “from A to Z” (“I follow from A to Z,” “I’m from A to Z hands on,” “I’m involved from A to Z with every piece I design”). Hips and Makers Irish journalist and editor Sinéad Gleeson writes about childhood illness, religion, Lourdes and inhabiting your body. (Granta, approx 22 mins reading time) The body is an afterthought. We don’t stop to think of how the heart is beating its steady rhythm; or watch our metatarsals fan out with every step. Unless it’s involved in pleasure or pain, we pay this moving mass of vessel, blood and bone no mind. The lungs inflate, muscles contract and we have no reason to assume it won’t keep on doing what it does. One day, something changes; a corporeal blip. For me, it happened in the months after turning thirteen: the synovial fluid in my left hip began to evaporate like rain. June  What Happened to ‘The Most Liberated Woman in America’? Barbara Williamson and her husband John set up a free-love commune in the 1970s. Sandstone, situated in the Topanga Canyon, California, offered men and women “a radical, nudist, group-sex commune”.  Journalist Alex Mar speaks to Barbara, 78, about her experiences. (Atlas Obscura, approx 33 minutes reading time) No low-slung, hip-riding bell bottoms and tie-dyed T-shirts proclaimed your disdain of the establishment. No military or law-enforcement uniforms declared your allegiance. No thousand-dollar Armani suits or five-hundred-dollar calfskin attaché cases advertised your status as a high-powered banker or attorney. When you shed your public persona and stand naked with a group of other naked people, incredible lightness washes over you. All pretense and game-playing are gone. The Body on the Moor Why did a man travel 200 miles to die in the Peak District National Park in Manchester, England? There were no wallet, keys or any clues to his identity when his body was discovered. BBC News examined the investigation. (BBC News, approx 18 mins reading time) “I told him there’s not enough daylight for him to get there and back today. He just thanked me and asked me again for the directions, which I repeated to him. And he just set off.” July Source: Daniel Leal-Olivas Europhobia You’ve probably wondered about the history of euroscepticism in the UK, and how it led to Brexit. Wonder no more, and give this a read. (The Guardian, approx 22 mins reading time) As Robert Tombs, the Cambridge historian and author of The English and Their History, recently put it: “The campaign seems hardly about Europe at all, but it’s all about us and the English identity.” Both of the first two British attempts to join the Common Market were vetoed by Charles de Gaulle, and it was he who also said that all his life he had been inspired by “une certaine idée de la France”. Behind our present turmoil lurks a certain idea of Britain, or of England. We are trying to find our identity. A town named Snowflake Kathleen Hale goes to Snowflake, a place in the Arizona desert which offers respite to people who are allergic to – basically – modern life. Hale reflects on the people she meets there, and their wary response to her. (The Guardian, approx 24 mins reading time, words) For weeks, Mae and I avoided makeup, lotion, perfume, hair products, scented detergent, fabric softener, dryer sheets. We used fragrance-free soap and shampoo, as well as a natural deodorant, which, according to the description on the box, was basically a rock picked off the ground with a cap on it. Despite our best efforts, Deb’s sensitive nose picked up our body odors. For her, we reeked like a Bath and Body Works store flooded with vodka – or as she put it, “floral, with chemical solvents. You’re fragrant.” August Dying pine trees, part of the windbreak forest severely damaged by March 11, 2011 earthquake and tsunami, stand near the Arahama beach in Sendai, northeastern Japan Source: AP/Press Association Images “I have to keep looking” In what is surely one of the saddest stories you’ll read all year, this explores the impact of the 2011 tsunami in Japan on families who are still searching for their loved ones. We meet the man who became a diver so he could find his wife, and a mum who sends a lunch into the ocean every day for her daughter. (New York Times Magazine, approx 32 mins reading time) On weekends, Hiromi prepared special lunchboxes for Emi that she would deliver into the sea on Sunday. They were packed with Emi’s favorite meals, things like pork soup, Salisbury steak, deep-fried shrimp, all in special boxes that decomposed. She tossed the boxes off boat ramps, piers or rock ledges or set them gently adrift on the water. Always someplace hidden, where no one would see her. She had done this for five years. The super-recognisers New Scotland Yard has a small room that’s home to the super-recognisers – people who all “have a preternatural ability to recognise human faces”. (New Yorker, approx 37 mins reading time) When the transit police brought the groper case to the super-recognizers, Eliot Porritt, a detective sergeant in the unit, took up the investigation. Porritt, who is thirty-six, is rumpled and cerebral, with a mop of curly black hair. As a boy, he loved watching movies with his father, and found that he could identify actors who had been in other films they’d seen, even in tiny parts. As a police officer—first as a beat cop in Islington, and then working plainclothes on a robbery squad—he discovered that while walking the streets he could spot faces and know, in a flash, who they were, where he had met them, and whether they were criminal suspects. September A man with a head transplant plan  Will it eventually be possible to transplant a person’s head onto a new body? That’s what these audacious scientists believe – and there’s a young man counting on them. (The Atlantic, approx 38 mins reading time) More troubling are the rash, unfounded claims he makes about the likelihood of the surgery succeeding, and his habit of promoting his work largely through the media—a practice that most scientists consider unseemly, if not unethical. His critics describe him, on blogs and tech websites, as a “corrupt” and “delusional” liar “with a knife and a mad glitter in his eye.” He “glibly glides past major problems,” they say, with his “Human Centipede–level medical horrorshow.” His plan is insane, “like James Bond villain insane,” and will amount to “an elaborate act of slow torture and murder.” How to trace a gun These police officers have one of the toughest jobs in the force. Why is it so tough? Well, they have to trace guns, but they can’t use computers. Good thing that they’re ‘geniuses’… (GQ, approx 34 mins reading time) Anytime a cop in any jurisdiction in America wants to connect a gun to its owner, the request for help ends up here, at the National Tracing Center, in a low, flat, boring building that belies its past as an IRS facility, just off state highway 9 in Martinsburg, West Virginia, in the eastern panhandle of the state, a town of some 17,000 people, a Walmart, a JCPenney, and various dollar stores sucking the life out of a quaint redbrick downtown. On any given day, agents here are running about 1,500 traces; they do about 370,000 a year. October Source: Markus Schreiber The new star of Germany’s Far Right Frauke Petry is the leader of the far-right party Alternative fur Deutschland, and she’s a phenomenon. This profile explores who she is and what her popularity means. (The New Yorker, approx 60 mins reading time) In April, the Party said that head scarves should be banned in schools and universities, and minarets prohibited. Party members called for a referendum on whether to leave the euro; for the expulsion of Allied troops, who have been stationed in Germany since 1945; and for school curriculums that focus more on “positive, identity-uplifting” episodes in German history and less on Nazi crimes. Most contentious of all was the declaration “Islam does not belong in Germany.” White nationalist no more Derek Black was supposed to follow in his Stormfront-creating father’s footsteps and become a white nationalist leader. But then he went to college, and started mixing with the very people he was supposed to hate. (The Washington Post, approx 33 mins reading time) Matthew decided his best chance to affect Derek’s thinking was not to ignore him or confront him, but simply to include him. “Maybe he’d never spent time with a Jewish person before,” Matthew remembered thinking. It was the only social invitation Derek had received since returning to campus, so he agreed to go. The Shabbat meals had sometimes included eight or 10 students, but this time only a few showed up. “Let’s try to treat him like anyone else,” Matthew remembered instructing them. November What Beyoncé taught me Zadie Smith writes about dance, writing, high art and popular culture as only she can. (The Guardian, approx 21 mins reading time) When I write I feel there’s usually a choice to be made between the grounded and the floating. The ground I am thinking of in this case is language as we meet it in its “commonsense” mode. The language of the television, of the supermarket, of the advert, the newspaper, the government, the daily “public” conversation. Some writers like to walk this ground, recreate it, break bits of it off and use it to their advantage, where others barely recognise its existence. Nabokov – a literal aristocrat as well as an aesthetic one – barely ever put a toe upon it. His language is “literary”, far from what we think of as our shared linguistic home. Watching the World Rot at Europe’s Largest Tech Conference When the Web Summit moved from Dublin to Lisbon, some wondered how it would go. Sam Kriss from The Atlantic called this year “where humanity rushes towards its extinction”. For all the usual guff about dynamism and entrepreneurship, it’s clear that Web Summit isn’t really about showcasing new ideas or changing the way anyone does anything. The point is to attract buyouts or investment; this is how so much of the tech industry functions. December Source: Ariana Cubillos This essay on the economic crisis in Venezuela is an incredibly difficult read, showing the huge impact it has had on ordinary people, particularly those who are in hospital. (The New Yorker, approx 53 mins reading time) I was introduced to a surgeon, who took me outside to speak. We stood under a tin roof, near piles of garbage and a deserted loading dock. The surgeon was bearded, heavyset, nervous. He looked exhausted. He did not want me to know his name, let alone use it. “We have no basic trauma tools,” he said. “Sutures, gloves, pins, plates.” He ran down a list of unavailable medications, including ciprofloxacin, an all-purpose antibiotic, and clindamycin, a cheap antibiotic. The doctors lost surgical patients because they had no adrenaline. The story of where hair extensions come from The hair on real hair extensions has to come from somewhere – so Olivia Carville and photographer Mike Scott went to China and tracked how hair goes from the head of a young girl to the head of a woman in New Zealand. It’s a fascinating read. (NZ Herald, approx 17 mins reading time) Consumers don’t want to think about the women who grew their hair or the chains of labour that led to it landing on their scalp because, hair trade academics argue, the thought of wearing someone else’s body part is grotesque. We contacted 22 salons across New Zealand that specialise in hair extensions and found demand has almost tripled in the past five years. But not even the hairdressers who work with these products know where they’re coming from. Want to read more? Check out all of our Sitdown Sunday reads from 2015> Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: Aoife Barry @sweetoblivion26 aoife@thejournal.ie See more articles by Aoife Barry Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/2016-sitdown-sunday-round-up-3113848-Jan2017/?embedpost=3113848&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/2016-sitdown-sunday-round-up-3113848-Jan2017/?embedpost=3113848&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/2016-sitdown-sunday-round-up-3113848-Jan2017/?embedpost=3113848&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Sitdown Sunday: The 24 deadliest longreads from 2016”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Sitdown Sunday: The 24 deadliest longreads from 2016”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (1 Comment) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions Nollaig na mBan 2017: 'Do we trust Irish women to make the best decisions for themselves in pregnancy?' Orla O'Connor On Nollaig na mBan, a day when traditionally women celebrate their Christmas, 12 women are travelling abroad for healthcare that is unavailable to them here, writes Orla O’Connor. 'The media should tell the truth about the alt-right' Julien Mercille The alt-right is a phenomenon, and matters to public life – so the media should report on it by telling the truth about it, writes Julien Mercille. Children online: 'Is 13 the appropriate age for digital consent?' Avril Ronan The increase in technology being given at Christmas means it’s important to ensure the Internet is a safe place for kids, writes Avril Ronan. Most Popular Today 1 Home Sweet Home founder no longer allowed entry to Apollo House 59,101  124 2 'Bloody hell Your Majesty, I nearly shot you' - Britain's queen was almost killed by her guardsman 43,445  65 3 Five people dead after gunman opens fire at Fort Lauderdale Airport 40,799  110 1 Whatever happened to... U2's skyscraper in Dublin's docks? 915  0 2 'It's great to have your name over the door. The flip side is that you bring a lot of your work home' 331  0 3 New companies topped 20,000 last year for the first time in almost two decades 93  0 1 Irish Olympic sailor Saskia Tidey switches to Team GB ahead of Tokyo 2020 39,668  76 2 Minister for Sport Shane Ross vows to tackle 'disturbing' MMA 23,707  44 3 Know Your Sport? Take our weekly quiz 20,738  22 1 Everyone fell in love with the new Tommy Tiernan Show on RTÉ last night 11,709  9 2 10 reasons why Barack Obama Plaza is the best place on earth 7,821  6 3 Penneys is selling light-up runners and it's just pure nostalgia 6,379  4 Trending Tags PLANNING Opinion: People living in rural Ireland cannot blame Dublin for the empty towns and villages Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing CRIME 15-year-old boy arrested over damage to Wicklow defibrillator Juvenile arrested in connection with stabbing of Reece Cullen Drumcondra locals raise fears about crime rate after woman stabbed GARDAí Temporary delays as truck went on fire on the M50 Woman charged with assault after woman mugged and stabbed in Drumcondra Gardaí appeal for information after woman in her 50s goes missing in Portlaoise RUSSIA US intelligence says Putin ordered hacking campaign to help Trump win On same day he's due to face spy chiefs over Russian hacking, Trump has pop at Arnold Schwarzenegger John McCain says 'every American should be alarmed' by Russian interference in election IRELAND Paddy Barnes' second pro fight confirmed for next month A leader who dragged a team from the bottom of League 1 to the Premier League promotion hunt Egypt reopens its beef market to Irish farmers ending 17-year ban ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2017 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Sitdown Sunday: The 24 deadliest longreads from 2016 Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 1, 2017January 1, 2017 by Monika Donimirska The Rich Kids of Instagram are seeing out 2016 in style Businessman Benedict Kusay and his friends will rent yacht on the French coastWealthy travel blogger Mon Rovi, 25, will be sipping champagne in the PyreneesTom Ierna, 23, will party into 2017 at the £20,000-a-table Lavo club in New YorkCzech beauty Barbora Ondrackova, 20, is jetting off to Abu Dhabi with her beauToy empire heir Kev Kouyoumjian is spending the night at a £30m villa in Read more => The Rich Kids of Instagram are seeing out 2016 in style CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious N. Korea in ‘last stage’ of preparation for test-launch of banned ICBMs Next PostNext Medical smart jacket tackles misdiagnosis of pneumonia Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts The Crack In Antarctic Ice Shelf Just Grew. A Break Could Be Imminent. January 7, 2017 MH370: No Suspicions Of Crew, Passengers, Says French Probe January 7, 2017 Donald Trump Says Hacking Had 'No Effect' On US Election January 7, 2017 US Intel Report: Vladimir Putin Sought To Help Donald Trump In Election January 7, 2017 Om Puri's Demise Left A Huge Void In Indian Film Industry: President January 7, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Up and Down Wall Street Will 2017 Be the Year of the Trump-Rooster? The election has sparked a stock rally. But 2017 will feature a struggle for earnings growth between head winds and tail winds. Our bet: 7%. By Jack Hough Biography December 31, 2016 For a 23-foot rooster, Donald J. Trump looks handsome enough. The fiberglass statue, installed at a Chinese shopping mall to commemorate the new lunar year, blends bird and billionaire without offense, from the wattle that hangs like a red power tie to the angry, golden eyebrows. The rooster’s popularity in China and bipartisan support on Twitter gives hope that the Year of the Trump-Rooster will be more amicable and prosperous than... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. 3 Undervalued Blue Chips Set to Thrive This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Party Could Stop at Buffalo Wild Wings This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. CVS Has an Edge on Walgreens Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Tesla Misses the Mark Again Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Stockpicker's Delight 2 3 Undervalued Investments for the Year Ahead 3 How to Make Your Christmas Bonus Work for You Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Tempo Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds log in One last look back Sunday Jan 1, 2017 at 12:01 AM Cathy Noah 1. Pot and more pot For the second year in a row, marijuana reigned supreme in top local stories. Notable developments this year: Recreational sales became legal Oct. 1; the state began issuing licenses to commercial producers and processors; voters in Medford banned outdoor grows but allowed recreational sales; recreational pot producers, processors, wholesalers and retailers were banned in Shady Cove, Jacksonville, Central Point and Eagle Point; medical pot producers and dispensaries were banned in Jacksonville and Central Point; and Ashland, Phoenix, Rogue River, Gold Hill and Jackson County passed 3 percent taxes on recreational sales. At last count, Jackson County had 75 licensed recreational marijuana grow sites, or about 29 percent of the state total, not to mention more than 3,000 medical pot grow sites. You can't hardly throw a rock anymore without hitting an 8-foot-tall fence and some Visqueen.  2. Lead pipes The Medford Water Commission long has touted its water as some of the purest in the country, and from its source, Big Butte Springs, that's true. But last spring, lead pigtails were unearthed in the system — and they weren't the first. What's worse, Manager Larry Rains initially denied their presence, prompting his ouster by the board in October. Crews have looked at 4,770 meters in older Medford neighborhoods, identified 305 suspect locations that predate 1946, dug 281 test holes and unearthed 24 lead pigtails, which were replaced with copper connectors. How many more pigtails could there be?  "Unfortunately we do not have Superman X-ray vision," notes interim Manager Eric Johnson. Schools began testing their water after high levels of lead were found in Portland, leading to replacement of fixtures at Jackson, Roosevelt and McLoughlin in Medford and the Education-Psychology Building at Southern Oregon University, among others. 3. Pipeline to nowhere Last March, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission denied a Canadian company's proposal to build a pipeline through Oregon to export natural gas to Asian markets, saying negative impacts to landowners outweighed the benefits. The 232-mile Pacific Connector pipeline would've traversed 56 miles of Jackson County, including underneath the Rogue River, and drew strong opposition from local landowners. The company asked for a rehearing, which FERC denied in early December. Pipeline backers vow to reapply for the project. 4. Death of a senator Southern Oregon mourned the death of Democratic state Sen. Alan Bates Aug. 5 from an apparent heart attack while on a fishing trip with his son. The Medford physician was a tireless leader of health care reform and instrumental in shaping the Oregon Health Plan. Democrats chose Kevin Talbert, a retired Southern Oregon University administrator, to serve the rest of the year, and Tonia Moro, a Medford lawyer, to run for Bates' seat in November. But after a campaign that included attack ads against her opponent, Moro lost to Republican Alan DeBoer, former Ashland mayor.   5. Medford mayor's first veto Gary Wheeler threw down his first veto in 12 years in office to block the hiring of Rob Patridge, Klamath County district attorney and a former Medford councilman and state legislator, as city manager. A divided council was unable to overturn the veto. After a $24,500, yearlong-plus search, the council ended up choosing from within for the city's top spot: Parks Director Brian Sjothun. One of Sjothun's first acts in the job was to fire Deputy City Manager Bill Hoke, who received a nearly $75,000 severance package. Hoke got a call from Sjothun that he'd been placed on administrative leave the day after he turned 66, an approach Sjothun later admitted "was probably a mistake." 6. Commissioner under investigation Outgoing Commissioner Doug Breidenthal remains under investigation by the Oregon Department of Justice and the Oregon Government Ethics Commission for activities related to a campaign account set up under the Association of Oregon Counties that Breidenthal used to seek office with the Western Interstate Region. The Ethics Commission suspended its inquiries in March pending the outcome of the Department of Justice's criminal investigation. The investigation likely contributed to Breidenthal's trouncing in the Republican primary by Bob Strosser, who takes office this week. 7. Sheriff's resignation Jackson County Sheriff Corey Falls stunned supporters when he announced last month he was taking a job with the city of Gresham after serving only two years of his term. Falls has been praised for changing the department's culture from a "warrior" to a "guardian" mentality, working well with the union and reaching out to the Hispanic community. But Falls had a parting shot for the county: He held a press conference Tuesday saying he was treated in a demeaning way by county administrators and felt his voice wasn't being heard. The county responded by releasing a report of an investigation into claims of discrimination and harassment Falls made against the county in December 2015 that concluded Falls wasn't subjected to a hostile work environment and should have welcomed the advice and mentoring of county officials. 8. Horseback hero Robert Borba, 28, an Eagle Point rancher, claimed hearts across America when word spread that he'd lassoed a would-be bicycle thief in the Walmart parking lot June 10. Borba had been loading supplies in his truck as he prepared to head out to brand cattle when he heard a woman calling out that a bicycle had been stolen. Borba quickly brought out his trusty steed Long John, which he'd brought to help him with the cattle, from the back of his trailer. The cowboy and his horse then chased after the thief as he struggled with the gears, ditched the bike and started running on foot. Borba grabbed his rope and let it fly, lassoing the man around his legs and dragging him like a roped cow to the end of the parking lot where he was held until police arrived. Borba's heroism landed him a trip to Chicago, where he demonstrated his lassoing skills on "The Steve Harvey Show" Aug. 31. 9. Runner's death The death of ultramarathon runner Todd Ragsdale last January sent shock waves through the running community. Ragsdale was 46 when he went missing the morning of Jan. 28, after driving from his Talent home to the Ashland watershed for a run. Ragsdale, who was nursing a hamstring injury at the time, was dressed in a light jacket and running shorts. After a search involving dozens of personnel from eight counties and volunteers with Southern Oregon Runners, Ragsdale's body was found Jan. 30 along the edge of Ashland Creek upstream from the Granite Street reservoir. Authorities were unable to determine the cause of death, though there was no trauma to his body, and toxicology reports returned negative.  10. Missing doctor Seven months after Ragsdale's death, another ultra-distance runner went missing: Ashley Laird, a Jacksonville physician. Laird did not return after a morning run Aug. 26, prompting a search-and-rescue effort involving hundreds of volunteers. But this story ended happily: Laird was found by searchers — including her father — on a trail in Forest Park two days later. She was lost, dehydrated, disoriented, scraped up and with a bump on her head, rescuers said. Laird's medical license was placed in inactive status the following Monday pending the outcome of an investigation by the Oregon Medical Board, which is ongoing; Laird's husband, Dan Arnold, said the investigation was not related to Laird being lost in the woods. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements Obituaries Story ideas Since you asked Alerts Email Alerts RSS Feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Mail Tribune Daily Tidings The Nickel Shop Our Valley Blogs Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MailTribune.com ~ P.O. Box 1108, Medford, OR 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime, Courts and Emergency Services Education Environment State News Obituaries Weather Photo Galleries Politics and Elections Since You Asked Mail Tribune 100 Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports College Sports Pro Sports Community Sports Prep Notebook Auto Racing Obituaries Business Real Estate News People In Business Transportation Agriculture Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Guest Opinions Lifestyle Food Home and Garden Health Hiking Biking Faith Milestones and Achievements Columnist for a Day Rogue Healthy Aging Tempo Theater Music Community Events Movies Dining More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs TV Listings Movie Listings Oregon Outdoors Oregon Healthy Living Special Sections Contests Branded Content Submit Your Announcements Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber controls Subscribe Email Alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Advertising contacts Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, January 6, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News U.S. Says Putin Ordered Broad Campaign of Influence to Help Trump Win Election Intelligence Report Finds Hacking Was Part of Wider Effort By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and DAVID E. SANGER 8:49 PM ET American intelligence officials have concluded that Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin, “ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. presidential election.” The declassified intelligence report found that Mr. Putin developed “a clear preference for President-elect Trump.”  Comments Read the Report Point by Point: The Case Against Russia By SCOTT SHANE 8:26 PM ET In unequivocal language, the unclassified version of the report for President Obama pins responsibility directly on Mr. Putin. Following the Links From the Hackers to the Election President-elect Donald Trump left One World Trade Center after a meeting on Friday. Credit Timothy A. Clary/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images That Big Wall? For Now, Mexico Won’t Pay, Trump Says By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and EMMARIE HUETTEMAN Mr. Trump made the comments Friday after Republicans in Congress started discussing ways to include the money in spending bills. RELATED COVERAGE U.S. Says Russians Behind Hack of Antidoping Agency 8:30 PM ET Congress Validates Trump’s Electoral College Victory 3:15 PM ET Eric Trump Helped Raise $16 Million, Hospital Says Briefing: D.N.C. Hack Didn’t Affect Election, Trump Says 5:59 PM ET Shooting at Airport in Fort Lauderdale Kills at Least 5 By LIZETTE ALVAREZ, RICHARD FAUSSET and ADAM GOLDMAN 9:05 PM ET Eight people were also injured after a gunman opened fire in a crowded baggage terminal at the airport in Florida. Officials said they were investigating reports that the suspect, Esteban Santiago, 26, was mentally ill. Video by SUSAN JOAN ARCHER and MALACHY BROWNE. Photo by NBC TV Local10, via Associated Press Witnesses filmed the chaos after the shooting inside the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. New York Reaches Deal to Shut Indian Point Nuclear Plant By VIVIAN YEE and PATRICK McGEEHAN The shutdown has been a long-held priority for Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, who has said the plant poses too great a risk to New York City, less than 30 miles to the south.  Comments Wages Keep Rising Amid Tepid Job Growth in U.S. By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ 8:03 PM ET The unemployment rate edged up to 4.7 percent, but the bigger story was the best annual wage growth since the recovery began. The Upshot How Obama’s Jobs Record Stacks Up By NEIL IRWIN Comparing his performance with that of other presidents: Things could have been much worse, and at the start, they were.  Comments Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 6:45 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times California Today: Cracking Down on Distracted Driving By MIKE McPHATE Friday: A strict new law for drivers, climate change hits wine country, and the California origins of “(Sittin’ on) the Dock of the Bay.” Smarter Living CES Q. & A.: Our Reporter on the Best Consumer Tech of 2017 Tech reporter Brian X. Chen answered questions about what’s in store for consumer tech 2017. This May Be Why Your Workout Isn’t Working By GRETCHEN REYNOLDS People who don’t benefit from endurance workouts may get results from interval training, and vice versa, a new study suggests.  Comments Inside a Deadly Drug Epidemic America’s opioid crisis killed more than 33,000 people in 2015. These stories portray a nationwide affliction, from West Coast cities to Northeast bedroom communities. Kochs Court Blacks, Calling Fossil Fuels a Racial Issue By HIROKO TABUCHI Anticipating a fossil fuel resurgence, the ultraconservative brothers, who run an oil and petroleum conglomerate, are busily expanding their outreach. Papal Ally Takes Reins in Troubled Newark Archdiocese By JAMES BARRON 4:34 PM ET Cardinal Joseph W. Tobin, who made headlines standing up for nuns and refugees, was installed on Friday as the leader of the Archdiocese of Newark. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 0:50 Syrian Girls Do Robotics Anna Therese Day for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Volkswagen Said to Be Close to Settling Justice Inquiry Into Emissions 4:24 PM ET Public Editor’s Mailbag: Taunts, Hoaxes, Anonymity and Stealth Texas Moves to Limit Transgender Bathroom Access China Lays Out $360 Billion Plan for Renewable Energy U.S. Lists Bin Laden’s Son as a ‘Global Terrorist’ It’s Never Too Early to Save for Retirement A snapshot of five millennials shows that some of them are very serious about saving for retirement, busting the myth that their age group is free-spending. Michelle Obama, a First Lady Unlike Any Other In “The Meaning of Michelle,” 16 writers, many of them African-American women, share what it has been like to witness Mrs. Obama in the White House. 4 Movies to Know About Before the Golden Globes We like a couple. We’re mixed on another. And one we flat-out hate. That’s life — at the movies, anyway. Listen as we discuss four movies in this episode of “Still Processing.” The Opinion Pages Trump’s Dangerous Anti-C.I.A. Crusade By MICHAEL J. MORELL 6:02 PM ET His attacks on the agency threaten our national security.  Comments Rumors of Hillary Clinton’s Comeback By FRANK BRUNI Trump only thought he got rid of her.  Comments Editorial: Donald Trump Casts Intelligence Aside Brooks: The Home Buying Decision Krugman: Age of Fake Policy Kristof: Trump Denies Climate Change. These Kids Die of It. Text Your Way to College By DAVID L. KIRP 3:31 PM ET This low-cost solution could get poor students accepted to college to show up. Can a Bombay Strongman Explain Trump? By SUKETU MEHTA Bal Keshav Thackeray rode to power on a wave of bigotry. He might explain Trump. Egan: Erasing Obama Good, Bad and Mad: Paul Krugman on the News 5:28 PM ET Follow us on Twitter » User Subscriptions Good, Bad and Mad: Paul Krugman on the News Inside the Travel Section’s List of ‘52 Places to Go in 2017’ Times Insider » Good, Bad and Mad: Paul Krugman on the News The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Watching The Neediest Cases A Young Mother’s Solitary, Uphill Struggle Myasia Williams, whose husband is in jail, struggles with motherhood, a job, school, bills, an overcrowded apartment and her husband’s absence. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story N.Y. / Region Stop Punching Me, Darth Vader Opinion Let Opioid Users Inject in Hospitals Travel 52 Places to Go in 2017 Television Debbie Reynolds, Carrie Fisher and ‘Bright Lights’ Opinion The Jerusalem-First Option Asia Pacific Chinese Defy Pollution, a Stubborn Visitor Weddings At 6 p.m., Married. At 7:30 p.m., Onstage. Opinion The Health Care Plan Trump Voters Want Asia Pacific Japan’s ‘Genderless’ Blur Lines of Convention Television Fred Armisen Finds All the World a Playground Opinion For Greece and Turkey, an Old Rivalry Flares Turkey’s demand that Greece extradite eight military officers has put the two countries at odds again. Book Review Rachel Cusk: By the Book Sections World » ‘I Thought I Was Impervious to Scams’: Readers Denounce India’s Phone Swindlers Farmer on Trial Defends Smuggling Migrants: ‘I Am a Frenchman.’ In Turkey’s Unrest, Some See an Extreme Version of Post-9/11 America Business Day » Retiring: For Millennials, It’s Never Too Early to Save for Retirement Recovery Finally Yields Big Gains for Average Worker’s Pay Economic Legacy: How Obama’s Jobs Record Stacks Up Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Let Opioid Users Inject in Hospitals Editorial: Donald Trump Casts Intelligence Aside David Brooks: The Home Buying Decision U.S. » Inside a Killer Drug Epidemic: A Look at America’s Opioid Crisis Florida Airport Assailant May Have Heard Voices Urging Violence, Officials Say After Security Meeting, Trump Admits Possibility of Russian Hacking Technology » Wheels: Coming From Automakers: Voice Control That Understands You Better CES Q. & A.: Our Reporter on the Best Consumer Tech of 2017 Facebook Hires Campbell Brown to Lead News Partnerships Team Arts » What TV Says About Race and Money How ‘Bambi’ Got Its Look From 1,000-Year-Old Chinese Art How ‘Toni Erdmann’ Became an Unexpected Comedy Politics » What Intelligence Agencies Concluded About the Russian Attack on the U.S. Election In Tearful Finale, Michelle Obama Says, ‘I Hope I’ve Made You Proud’ Putin Ordered ‘Influence Campaign’ Aimed at U.S. Election, Report Says Fashion & Style » He’d Like to Buy the World Something Other Than a Coke Appointment: This Men’s Wear Shop Is Not for Everyone Modern Love: Refreshing a Mother’s Memory With Love and Stories Movies » Watching While White: How Movies Tackled Race and Class in 2016 And the Nominees Should Be… Anatomy of a Scene: Kenneth Lonergan Narrates a Scene From ‘Manchester by the Sea’ New York » Along New York Harbor, ‘On the Waterfront’ Endures Indian Point Nuclear Power Plant to Close by 2021 Cardinal Tobin, New Newark Archbishop, Cites ‘Chasm Between Life and Faith’ Sports » Nick Saban Is Not Just Alabama’s Coach, He’s Also Its Super-Scout Giants Coach Becomes a Zinger Magnet on His Way to the Playoffs James Harden Meets Russell Westbrook in a Battle of Perpetual Motion Theater » ‘Lula del Ray,’ a Spectral Parade of Fantastical Images Lucas Hedges Moves From ‘Manchester’ to the Stage Review: ‘The Fever’ Finds That Friendliness Can Be Contagious Science » Trilobites: Bats Like Their Plant Nectar Sweet — Though Maybe the Plants Know Better Trilobites: Light Pillars, a Million-Mirror Optical Illusion on Winter Nights Trilobites: A Metal Ball the Size of Massachusetts That NASA Wants to Explore Obituaries » Jill Saward, Advocate for Victims of Sexual Assault, Dies at 51 Jeremy Stone, Who Influenced Arms Control During Cold War, Dies at 81 Milt Schmidt, Hall of Fame Center for Bruins, Dies at 98 Television » Tom Hardy Is at Home as Hero and Villain in ‘Taboo’ It’s Home Sweet ‘Homeland’ for Season 6 Critic's Notebook: 15 TV Shows to Watch This Season Health » Feed Your Kids Peanuts, Early and Often, New Guidelines Urge Is Your Cocktail Making You Sick? Well: Is the Sleep Aid Melatonin Safe for Children and Adults? Travel » 52 Places to Go in 2017 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Ottawa Pursuits: Where Sustainable Travel Is Headed in 2017 Books » Nonfiction: What Not to Eat: ‘The Case Against Sugar’ Nonfiction: A Feminist’s Biography of Steven Spielberg Focuses on His Jewish Identity Books of The Times: Review: ‘The Meaning of Michelle,’ a First Lady Unlike Any Other Education » Ending Speculation, Black College Says Band Will Play at Inaugural Parade A Majority Agreed She Was Raped by a Stanford Football Player. That Wasn’t Enough. Sinosphere: Shanghai’s Move to Curb International Programs in Schools Worries Parents Food » A Good Appetite: Swedish Meatballs, From the Comfort of Home Hungry City: Paraguay and Venezuela, Together at the Table, at Karu Café in Queens Restaurant Review: Fast Food for Needy Neighborhoods, at Locol in California Sunday Review » News Analysis: Feminism Lost. Now What? Editorial: Can Russia Make Peace as Well as War? Frank Bruni: Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher: Hollywood’s Mother-Daughter Fable Real Estate » 360 View: 2017: Year of the Renter Renters: Working and Living in a Bushwick Gallery The Fix: A High-End Kitchen on the Cheap The Upshot » Economic Legacy: How Obama’s Jobs Record Stacks Up Urban Studies: How to Predict Gentrification: Look for Falling Crime Pink-Collar Work: Why Men Don’t Want the Jobs Done Mostly by Women Magazine » Feature: Cyberwar for Sale Feature: One Man’s Quest to Change the Way We Die Feature: In Search of Post-Brexit England, and Swans Automobiles » Trump’s Twitter Warning to Toyota Unsettles Japanese Carmakers Driven: The Kia Soul Exclaim Adds Pep to Its Boxy Figure Wheels: Coming From Automakers: Voice Control That Understands You Better T Magazine » On the Verge: Brand to Know: Thin, Simple Turtlenecks, Inspired by a Designer’s Grandmother My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: David Copperfield Viewfinder: Soulful, Meditative Photos of a Never-Ending Vacation Times Insider » Live Event: Gail Collins and Frank Bruni: The Next Four Years With Donald J. Trump Talk to The Times: Should the Affordable Care Act Be Repealed? Insider Podcasts: Good, Bad and Mad: Paul Krugman on the News Real Estate » The Fix A High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account Home Magazine Current Issue Digital Editions Archives 50th Anniversary Issue For Distributors Only Buyer's Guide Subscribe Advertiser Inquiries Topics Industrial Hygiene Environment Health Utility Safety Safety Culture PPE Training Transportation Safety Psychology Government Regulations Electrical Safety Construction eBooks Oil & Gas eBooks Columns Editorial Comments Systems Thinking Best Practices Positive Cultures Training Strategies Closing Time Top OSHA Violations Cal's Column FR Protection Thought Leadership ISHN's Time Machine Web Exclusives Conventions Convention Companion Safety 2016 ASSE 2015 Videos ASSE 2016 Videos Awards Reader's Choice Award Winners ASSE Attendee Choice Awards Multimedia Combustible Dust Safety Quiz Interactive Spotlights Mobile App Videos Everyday Heroes Videos Photo Galleries Infographics Webinars ISHN YouTube Videos Oil & Gas eBooks Confined Spaces eBooks Hand Protection eBooks More Award Submissions Events eNewsletters Sneak Peeks ASSE Store Showrooms Vendor News Product Case Studies/White Papers Product Innovations Contact Advertise Home » Online recipe hub helps you eat (heart) healthy in 2017 Today's NewsHealthBetter Living Online recipe hub helps you eat (heart) healthy in 2017 January 1, 2017 KEYWORDS American Heart Association / fruits and vegetables / healthy diet / heart disease prevention / stroke prevention Reprints No Comments If your New Year’s resolutions include eating healthier meals, the American Heart Association (AHA) has a new resource for you. The AHA has created an online recipe hub where you can find more than 350 heart-healthy recipes, along with nutritional information and more than 100 short videos that highlight cooking techniques, hacks and tips. Chef Hamlet Garcia, AHA’s Go Red For Women spokesperson, said the recipes keep meal preparation simple, quick and affordable. “With just a simple click of a button, consumers will have heart-healthy meal suggestions and cooking tips ready at their fingertips,” Garcia said. A customizable recipe "box" The recipe hub, which is hosted nationally by Fresh Avocados – Love One Today®, is available in both English and Spanish. It allows users to create personal profiles where they can build customized recipe boxes, find, sort and rate recipes, as well as share tips and recipes via social media. It also offers a sophisticated search capability to find recipes with one’s favorite ingredients or exclude recipes with ingredients that one may be sensitive to or simply dislikes. The hub supports the AHA’s Simple Cooking with Heart Program, funded nationally by Walmart Foundation, which focuses on improving nutrition by equipping consumers with cooking skills to cook more often at home. The color initiative It also ties in with AHA’s newest campaign, +color, and provides consumers with another tool to help make smarter, healthier eating choices. The +color initiative emphasizes the focusing on the positive health impact of fruits and vegetables.  Heart disease is the number one killer for all Americans and stroke is the fifth leading cause of death. Hispanics and Latinos, however, face even higher risks of cardiovascular disease because of high blood pressure , obesity and diabetes. There is good news in the fact that a few simple lifestyle changes can reduce the chances of getting these diseases, and one of those changes can be as simple as cooking heart healthy recipes. The hub is located on the American Heart Association’s website, heart.org/recipes. Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to ISHN. Related Articles How to have a heart healthy summer Can color transform the American diet? Lack of fresh food choices linked to signs of early heart disease How to have a heart healthy summer Related Products Top Ten Pitfalls in OSHA Recordkeeping and How to Avoid Them Climbing the Corporate Ladder Safely CIH Examination Study Guide (CD-ROM) ASP Study Guide CD-ROM Related Events 2017 International Glove Symposium What You Need to Know about OSHA’s New Construction Confined Space Standard Practical Group Lockout Techniques You Can Use Lighting in Explosive Work Environments: Is Disaster an On/Off Switch Away? You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print & Digital Edition Subscriptions ISHN eNewsletter & Other eNews Alerts Online Registration Mobile App Subscription Customer Service More Videos Events November 1, 2016 Practical Group Lockout Techniques You Can Use Join Master Lock for this presentation on a best practices approach to the many ways effective group lockout can be performed. From efficiency tips that make simple group lockout easy to apply, to detailed techniques that can protect large numbers of workers servicing complex machinery systems, this webinar promises to have something for everyone attending. November 2, 2016 “What’s On Your Roof?”- Assessing Rooftop Fall Hazards During this 60 minute, informative webinar presented by Safety Products Group, makers of BlueWater Rooftop Safety Solutions, and Fabenco In-Plant Safety Solutions, the issue of rooftop fall protection and prevention will be addressed. What is actually up on your facility’s roof that may be a fall hazard? What should you look for the next time you or one of your contractors is up on the roof to stay safe? What steps can you take to ensure your company and its people are always protected on your roof? View All Submit An Event Products Safety Engineering, 4th Edition A practical, solutions-driven reference, Safety Engineering, 4th edition, has been completely revised and updated to reflect many of today’s issues in safety. See More Products ISHN Magazine 2016 December In this issue of ISHN, learn more about winter safety, confined space safety, advances in glove protection, and much more. View More Subscribe Resources List Rental Safety A-Z Custom Content & Marketing Services Market Research Web Exclusives Want More Connect Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
Share 14 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-06 President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Opinion 2017-01-06 Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Opinion 2017-01-06 Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Crime 2017-01-06 Chicago Race Torture Victim Says Attacker Jordan Hill ‘Was My Friend’ Before Facebook Live Assault Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE WrestleMania 33 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Technology 2017-01-06 As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss New Year’s Day 2017: What’s Open Or Closed Today? A Full List Of Restaurant And Store Hours For January 1 BuzzWorthy 14 0 0 December 31, 2016 New Year’s Day 2017: What’s Open Or Closed Today? A Full List Of Restaurant And Store Hours For January 1 Nathan Francis New Year’s Day 2017 can be a bit tricky for anyone trying to find out what’s open or looking to figure out store or restaurant hours, but you can find all the help you need right here. The first day of 2017 also happens to fall on the end of the weekend, so some stores that are normally open full hours may be a bit limited and others that are normally closed will be open a bit longer to squeeze the last bit of revenue out of post-holiday shoppers before they head back to work and into the winter grind. So if you’re planning to run a few errands on New Year’s Day 2017, it might be a bit of a mystery to figure out what’s open and what’s closed. To help out the planning, below you can find a full list of what’s open or closed plus store and restaurant hours for January 1. What’s closed on New Year’s Day 2017? This is where the tricky part comes in. This year, New Year’s Day happens to fall on a Sunday, so government offices will be closed down including the U.S. Post Office and local offices. Banks will also be closed on New Year’s Day, but because the federal holiday falls on a Sunday, many will be closed on Monday as well and not re-open until Tuesday. [Image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images] There will be some various other locations closed on New Year’s Day, including liquor stores in certain states, like Massachusetts. A full list of state-by-state liquor store restrictions on New Year’s Day (as well as New Year’s Eve) can be found here. Some grocery stores and supermarkets are also closed on New Year’s Day, including Aldi, Trader Joe’s, and Costco. And there are at least two fast-food restaurants closed on January 1 — Chick Fil-A, which is closed on Sundays anyway, and Chipotle. What’s open on New Year’s Day 2017? Aside from the locations listed above, there aren’t many other locations that are actually closed on New Year’s Day. Many people look to start the new year with some shopping or a trip to the restaurant, so these locations are open to accommodate for the crowds. But there are still some that operate on limited hours. Below are a list of store hours for New Year’s Day. Best Buy — Open noon to 6 p.m. Dollar General — Open regular hours Fresh Market — Open 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Home Depot — Open 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Kmart — Open 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Kohl’s — Open 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. Lowe’s — Open 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. Publix — Some stores close at 7 p.m., others open regular hours Starbucks — Open 5:30 a.m. to 8 p.m. Target — Open 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. Walgreens — Some locations open 8 a.m. to 10 p.m., 24-hour locations open regular schedule Walmart — Regular store hours Most restaurants are also open on New Year’s Day, including Applebee’s, Denny’s, Pizza Hut, Papa John’s, IHOP, and Red Lobster. [Image by Tim Boyle/Getty Images] There will be plenty of other destinations open on New Year’s Day for those looking for a chance to get out of the house and enjoy the last day off before going back to work. This includes movie theaters, which are geared up for a busy day with moviegoers headed out to the holiday-season blockbusters as well as the Oscar favorites that always seem to come out around the end of the year. Many museums are open as well, looking to take advantage of end-of-holiday traffic, but this is not universal so it’s best to plan ahead and check on the hours. There will be many other smaller and locally owned stores and restaurants open on New Year’s Day, but again for locations like this it’s best to check their website or call ahead to make sure they’re on regular hours. [Featured Image by Cathleen Allison/AP Images] Now Watch This: 105 Year Old Man Set To Break Cycling Record Now Read This: ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends Share 14 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Nathan Francis Tags: new year's day, New Year's Day 2017, New Year's Day store hours January 3, 2017 ‘Pokemon GO’ Gen 2 Update: Several Pokemon Not Hacthing, Legendary May Come Soon January 2, 2017 Here Are ‘TNA Impact Wrestling’s’ Results For The ‘Hardy New Year’ Episode Comments LATEST HEADLINES Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE WrestleMania 33 President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Ciara Drops $15 Million Defamation Lawsuit Against Future Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Seattle Mariners Trades: New Starting Pitcher, Outfielder Acquired By Jerry Dipoto Kendall Jenner Opens Up About Anxiety After Kim Kardashian’s Robbery Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly Talks About Russian Interference A Mom Sent Another Mom A Bill For $400 After Her Daughter’s Shoes Got Scuffed Up On Playdate Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.5k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 12 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Recent Videos BuzzWorthy Escaped Leopard Causes Injuries In West Bengal BuzzWorthy Base Jumper’s Wingsuit Gets Caught On Plane BuzzWorthy Big Wave Surfer Narrowly Escapes Death BuzzWorthy World’s Highest Bridge Opens In China Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Employee credits VARC for on-the-job skills - WXOW News 19 La Crosse, WI – News, Weather and Sports | Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME ABOUT US WXOW.com's Hometown Tourist Connect with WXOW WXOW Jobs Advertiser Services NEWS News 19 Daybreak Politics Crime, Courts, and Police Mayo Clinic Health System-Experts In Health Obituaries Download the WXOW News App WEATHER iNTERACTIVE StormTracker School Alerts/Closings Your Weather Photos Get the Stormtracker 19 weather app Skycams, Traffic Cameras, and Road Conditions Weather Window SPORTS AP NCAA College Football Badgers Sports Report Outdoors News WXOW - Your Official Packers Station Local Sports Links COMMUNITY Contests Jefferson Awards Tools For Schools Everyone Has A Story Community Events-Things To Do VIDEO Request a copy of a story WHAT'S ON WXOW Live Channel What's On WXOW Watch ABC Shows CW Decades TV on WXOW Shows on WXOW Employee credits VARC for on-the-job skills Posted: Thursday, December 29, 2016 4:41 PM EST Updated: Friday, December 30, 2016 6:25 PM EST By Tianna Vanderhei, Multi-Media Journalist Email Connect tvanderhei@wxow.com Andrew White Scott Gran Additional on the job and soft skill-set training from one company is helping hundreds of people find employment. SEE: Vernon County company helps individuals develop job skills "When I had my interview they were willing to try different things with me," said Andrew White, a familiar face at Sam's Club in Onalaska. White began working at the Onalaska store a few months ago and said the soft skill sets he learned through VARC's Employment and Training Program helped prepare him for his current position.  Elizabeth Filter, Executive Vice President of VARC said it can be difficult and intimidating for some people to find employment. "We've developed life skills, services for example that help teach soft skills related to learning about employment, learning about what someone's goals and objectives may be in their employment path, how to start searching in an employment realm," said Filter. Since 2014, VARC and Insite have helped develop more than 350 employment opportunities for individuals with varying disabilities, according to Filter.  "When Insight came on and said hey, we're going to try you at a new location. I'm all for it.," added White. His supervisor, Scott Gran the Member Services Manager at Sam's Club said he's the perfect guy to have on their team. "He's got a lot of energy. He's willing to learn. He's very personable and friendly with the members," said Gran. Walmart Stores Incorporated is the leading company in the country for employing individuals with disabilities. Providing the opportunity for work, relationships, and growth. Somethings that are sometimes overlooked by other businesses. "When we hire what we look at is what they can bring to the club and what they bring for people. Andrew has a great personality and he loves to interact with other people as you can see so that's really what we focus in on," added Gran. White's story is just one example of the countless people who have gained job skills, "It was kind of fun working at VARC and learning new capabilities," said White. A true testament to the power of an idea and a small group of people in action. VARC now has six different locations throughout Wisconsin, customizing their services and training techniques for those involved with the program, like White. With a constant mission to ensure everyone gets the individualized teaching and training they need to help them reach success in their career.  MORE INFORMATION: Sam's Club Can't Find Something? WXOW 3705 CTH 25, La Crescent, MN 55947 Phone: 507-895-1919 or 800-947-9969 (WXOW) News tips: wxowaedesk@wxow.com Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WXOW. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Last updated: 25 min 11 sec ago Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Riyadh move to increase Haj numbers welcomed US intel report: Putin directed cyber campaign to help Trump Haj Metro was on track last season, report finds Sri Lankan community to get new school in Riyadh, says ambassador Move to award museum donors welcomed Saudi Arabia opens consulate in Guangzhou, China Dutch Embassy aims to boost ties between Netherlands, KSA King Salman Center adopts strategic objectives to help the disabled Saudi clinics treated 128,600 Syrians at Zaatari camp in 2016 Naif Arab University wins praise for security sciences work You are here Home Energy companies, banks led rally on S&P 500 in 2016 Business & Economy Energy companies, banks led rally on S&P 500 in 2016 AP | Published — Sunday 1 January 2017 In 2016, the Standard & Poor’s 500 index jumped 9.5 percent and bounced back from a flat result the year before, and energy companies and banks made some of the largest gains as investors bet on a stronger economy that will lead to more lending and spending. (Reuters) NEW YORK: In 2016, the Standard & Poor’s 500 index jumped 9.5 percent and bounced back from a flat result the year before, and energy companies and banks made some of the largest gains as investors bet on a stronger economy that will lead to more lending and spending. Healthcare companies slumped as drug prices came under intense scrutiny. Here is a look at how the 11 industry sectors in the S&P 500 fared for the year: ENERGY: Up 23.7 percent At the beginning of the year it looked like 2016 would be another painful one for energy companies. In February oil traded at $26 a barrel, down from more than $100 in mid-2014. But over the next few months oil prices rose gradually rose above $50, which reduced the scope of their losses. Late in the year, Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and other oil producers agreed to cut their production in 2017. FINANCIALS: Up 20.1 percent Banks and other financial companies sank early in 2016 as investors worried about slowing global economic growth. After that they struggled as the Federal Reserve continually held off on raising interest rates. But the sector caught fire leading up to the election and afterward, as investors felt banks will be major beneficiaries of a Donald Trump administration. Banks stand to benefit from increased government spending and borrowing connected to greater spending on infrastructure, as well as faster economic growth, looser regulations and rising interest rates. Huge gains in the weeks after the election took bank stocks to their highest levels since 2008. INDUSTRIALS: Up 17.8 percent Companies that make construction equipment, engines and aircraft also made large gains as the US economy picked up steam. Investors bet that the election of Trump, and a Republican Congress that could approve his spending proposals, will lead to more spending on construction, manufacturing, and transportation. TELECOM: Up 16.1 percent Phone company stocks surged early in 2016 as the market got off to a historically bad start. Investors bought those stocks, which are often compared to bonds because of their large dividend yields and relative stability. Low bond yields have helped make the small sector attractive as well, drawing in investors who sought income. Later the stocks gradually lost steam as investors saw signs the economy was picking up and hoped for faster growth. Thanks to AT&T’s biggest gain since 2006, the stocks ultimately bounced back from two years of declines. MATERIALS: Up 14.1 percent Companies that make materials like packaging, specialty chemicals and mine for metals also rebounded, partly because precious metals prices bounced back in 2016 after several years of losses. Copper, which is linked to expectations for economic growth because of its uses in construction, climbed 17 percent. Higher metals prices led to big gains for gold and copper producer Freeport-McMoran, gold miner Newmont Mining and steel maker Nucor. Building materials companies like Martin Marietta also climbed. UTILITIES: Up 12.2 percent With government bond yields at their lowest levels in many years and investors nervous about the state of the economy, utility companies were in the unusual position of leading the market in early 2016. Electric and gas utilities were a safe harbor for worried investors. But as confidence in the economy picked up, they lost that leadership position. Overall they recovered the previous year’s losses and rose a bit more than the S&P 500. TECHNOLOGY: Up 12 percent Technology companies rose for the eighth year in a row. The stocks surged this summer as the US economy appeared to gain strength, while critical overseas markets also looked healthier. The technology sector did not do as well following the election, however, as investors wondered if Trump’s trade and immigration policies and his inflammatory rhetoric would hurt their sales overseas. Graphics processor company Nvidia more than tripled in value and performed better than any other S&P 500 stock, while Hewlett-Packard’s breakup left two stocks that both did well. CONSUMER STAPLES: Up 2.6 percent Companies that make and sell common household goods are generally considered a safe investment. But in 2016, investors preferred stocks that will benefit more from faster economic growth. The stocks did rise for the 8th consecutive year, however. Food distributor Sysco climbed 35 percent after it acquired European competitor Brakes, and Wal-Mart made a partial recovery after a 27-percent drop last year. REAL ESTATE: Up less than 0.1 percent Real estate has been one of the strongest-performing asset classes in recent years. That has been good news for real estate investment trusts, which were split off as a separate sector this year. Investors poured money into REITs starting in February, when the market reached its recent lows. But starting in the summer, faster growth in the US economy made other types of investments more appealing. HEALTHCARE: Down 4.4 percent Drug makers were pummeled in 2016 as their pricing strategies came under repeated criticism and Congressional scrutiny. Investors wondered if the government would intervene to reduce those hikes. Biotechnology companies like Vertex and Alexion were hit especially hard. Endo slumped thanks to legal costs and weak earnings and Mylan fell during a controversy over the rising price of its EpiPen allergy shot. Some insurance companies, including UnitedHealth and Aetna, traded higher. One reason is that Wall Street thinks the possible repeal of the Affordable Care Act will strengthen their profits. Overall, health care stocks fell for the first time since 2008. Facebook STAY CONNECTED Follow @Arab_News Tweets by @Arab_News Download The App! Latest in Business & Economy Oil prices post gains on OPEC hopes, but doubts linger LONDON Oil prices edged higher on Friday as output cuts by the Organization of the Petroleum... SAMA hikes mortgage loan limit to 85 percent DUBAI The Saudi Arabian Monetary Authority SAMA said it would allow banks to supply a bigger... US job growth slows; wages rebound strongly WASHINGTON US employment increased less than expected in December but a rebound in wages pointed... Gold slips as dollar strengthens LONDON Gold slipped on Friday from the previous day s one month high as the dollar strengthened... Eurozone economy sees evidence of a pickup LONDON Further evidence emerged Friday to show that the 19 country eurozone economy ended 2016... Iran capitalizes on OPEC oil cut to sell millions of barrels LONDON Iran has sold more than 13 million barrels of oil that it had long held on tankers at sea... China allows foreign institutions to launch onshore private funds SHANGHAI BEIJING China has opened the way for foreign asset managers to begin launching private... Bitcoin slides another 12% LONDON Bitcoin plunged by as much as 12 percent on Friday after China s central bank urged... As Trump targets Toyota over Mexico, Nissan faces bigger risk TOKYO US President elect Donald Trump has threatened Toyota Motor Corp over its Mexican built... British Airways flights to operate next week despite strike LONDON British Airways said that its customers would be able to fly to their destinations on Jan... Samsung’s profit up 50% despite Galaxy fiasco SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co said Friday that its profits in the last quarter of 2016 surged 50... Airbus reaches A350 delivery target PARIS Airbus reached a target for at least 50 deliveries of its A350 wide body jetliner in 2016... Ashok Leyland launches Oyster staff bus in Riyadh After the astounding success of Oyster school bus in Dammam Ashok Leyland launched the model in... Huawei launches innovative platform for a better connected Saudi Arabia Huawei a leading global ICT solutions provider kicked off Huawei Day 2016 on Dec 19 at the Riyadh... Trend Micro named as a email security leader worldwide by IDC MarketScape Trend Micro Incorporated a global leader in cybersecurity solutions has been named a Leader in... BlackBerry unveils secure embedded software platform for autonomous drive and connected cars BlackBerry Limited has announced its most advanced and secure embedded operating system OS for... Around Arab News Comic Con comes to Saudi Arabia for first time JEDDAH The Saudi Comic Con SCC event will take place in Jeddah Feb 16 18 It is the first time... Riyadh move to increase Haj numbers welcomed JEDDAH Saudi Arabia s move to increase Haj quotas this year has been welcomed after the number of... US intel report: Putin directed cyber campaign to help Trump WASHINGTON Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an effort to help Republican Donald Trump s... Bad girls In reference to University expels 9 female students for mass brawl Jan 6 it must be said that it... Haj Metro was on track last season, report finds MAKKAH Some 311 000 pilgrims used the Haj Metro last season with zero technical malfunctions and... Sri Lankan community to get new school in Riyadh, says ambassador RIYADH Riyadh Gov Prince Faisal bin Bandar has pledged his cooperation to set up a purpose built... Move to award museum donors welcomed RIYADH The Saudi Commission for Tourism and National Heritage SCTH and citizens have applauded... Saudi Arabia opens consulate in Guangzhou, China RIYADH A Saudi consulate has opened in Guangzhou city China with the aim of further boosting... Dutch Embassy aims to boost ties between Netherlands, KSA RIYADH The Dutch Embassy in the Saudi capital said Thursday that it is focusing on stepping up... King Salman Center adopts strategic objectives to help the disabled RIYADH The King Salman Center for Disability Research KSCDR has adopted strategic objectives for... Saudi clinics treated 128,600 Syrians at Zaatari camp in 2016 AMMAN Specialized Saudi Clinics provided medical treatment to 128 639 Syrian refugees at Zaatari... Naif Arab University wins praise for security sciences work RIYADH The International Civil Defense Organization ICDO has praised the efforts conducted by the... Executive plan agreed for environmental protection in Riyadh RIYADH The Riyadh Development Authority RDA has announced that an executive plan has been adopted... Anti-terror program targets educators and parents JUBAIL The Educational Services Department of the Royal Commission for Jubail and Yanbu RCJY... Muslim ‘mob’ story sparks fake news warning in Germany BERLIN German media and politicians warned Friday against an election year spike in fake news... Obama-appointed envoys asked to quit by Trump’s inauguration day WASHINGTON President elect Donald Trump s transition team has issued a blanket mandate requiring... Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Your Ad Privacy & Terms of Service © 2016 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Myths About Marijuana Stocks Separating fact from fiction about marijuana stocks. Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Jan 1, 2017 at 2:03PM What do Hercules, Thor, centaurs, and marijuana stocks have in common? They're all the subjects of myths. Most myths have at least a little bit of truth interspersed with a lot that is false. That's the case with these three myths about marijuana stocks that some might mistakenly believe. Image source: Getty Images. Myth No. 1: All marijuana stocks are hot. Marijuana stocks in general are hot right now. It's wrong, though, to think that all marijuana stocks are performing well. They're not. One of the marijuana stocks with the biggest valuations is Insys Therapeutics (NASDAQ:INSY). Insys trades at a market cap of roughly $650 million and won U.S. regulatory approval for its first cannabinoid drug, Syndros. You might think the biotech would be a big winner. Nope. Insys lost around two-thirds of its value in 2016. Although approval of Syndros was a big positive for Insys, the drug still awaits scheduling by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration. In the meantime, Insys' revenue is falling due to plummeting sales of Subsys, the company's sublingual fentanyl spray for breakthrough cancer pain.  A corollary of this particular myth is that marijuana stocks that are hot right now will automatically stay hot. Just look at Insys' track record to debunk this proposition. The stock more than doubled by mid-2015. That's pretty hot. By the end of the year, though, Insys had given up most of those gains and then experienced its real pain in 2016. Myth No. 2: Increased acceptance of marijuana is the main driver of all marijuana stocks' success. It's certainly true that use of medical marijuana and recreational use of the drug is becoming more accepted in North America. This increased acceptance has been a major factor in the success of several marijuana stocks. The share price of Aurora Cannabis (NASDAQOTH:ACBFF), for example, quadrupled in 2016 thanks in part to increased acceptance of medical marijuana in Canada. Aurora began selling medical marijuana in Jan. 2016 and had registered 10,800 active patients by late November.  Aurora's success, though, didn't come about just because Canadians were more accepting of medical marijuana. The company took the right steps to reach out to patients and expanded its infrastructure quickly to keep up with demand. Others weren't so smart and didn't perform as well as Aurora did. Some marijuana stocks have achieved success for reasons other than increased public acceptance of marijuana. This is particularly true for biotechs developing cannabinoid drugs. For instance, GW Pharmaceuticals' (NASDAQ:GWPH) stock soared in 2016 based on its pipeline success. In March 2016, GW Pharmaceuticals announced positive results from a late-stage clinical study evaluating its lead cannabinoid product candidate Epidiolex in treating Dravet syndrome, a rare type of epilepsy. The biotech announced more positive results in June from a late-stage study of the drug in treating another rare form of epilepsy known as Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS). GW followed up with additional positive results from another LGS study of Epidiolex in September.  Myth No. 3: All marijuana stocks are extremely risky. Many marijuana stocks are extremely risky. That's especially the case with penny stocks. These stocks aren't available for trading on a public exchange and instead must be bought and sold over the counter. Public exchanges require that companies make audited financial information available to investors. That isn't the case with over-the-counter stocks. This relative lack of information about the stocks, combined with low trading volumes for many of these stocks, results in added risk for investors seeking to invest in many of the marijuana stocks available. But not every marijuana stock is super-risky. GW Pharmaceuticals is a good example. It's not a penny stock. The company appears to have a potential winner on its hands with Epidiolex. GW isn't a fly by-night venture that recently sprang into existence. The biotech was founded in 1998. Of course, there's still a level of risk associated with investing in GW Pharmaceuticals. It's possible that Epidiolex won't win regulatory approval. Even if the drug does, it might not perform as well as some expect. However, those are the kinds of risks that any biopharmaceutical stock has.    Avoid the "myth-stakes" Investors might be tempted to believe the hype about marijuana stocks without doing their homework. They could buy shares without understanding a company's business model and its path to success. Some might overlook the risks. Avoid these mistakes (or maybe I should say "myth-stakes") -- and you can potentially be successful by investing in solid marijuana stocks. Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Jan 1, 2017 at 2:03PM Health Care Stocks Insys Therapeutics NASDAQ:INSY $10.29 down $0.43 (-4.01%) GW Pharmaceuticals NASDAQ:GWPH $118.36 up $0.62 (0.53%) AURORA CANNABIS IN COM NPV NASDAQOTH:ACBFF $1.86 no change (0.00%) Read More Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.'s 3 Best Moves in 2016 The Laundry List of Reasons Why Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl. Inc. Plummeted 86% in 2016 Why CTI BioPharma Corp. Stock Popped Today Why CVS Health Stock Dropped 18.2% in 2016 Gilead Sciences Inc.'s Biggest Failure in 2016 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Myths About Marijuana Stocks #stocks $INSY, $GWPH, $ACBFF
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: California's Gigantic Medical-Marijuana Industry Could Be Devastated by an Unlikely Source Could California's $2.7 billion industry practically disappear? Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) Jan 1, 2017 at 9:14AM Image source: Getty Images. If you support the legalization of marijuana, 2016 didn't give you much to complain about. Last year, residents in four states approved recreational-marijuana ballot initiatives, doubling the total from the end of 2015, while five new states put medical-cannabis laws on their books. By year's end, 28 states and Washington, D.C., had legalized medical pot. And there's more where that came from. We saw two battleground states -- Pennsylvania and Ohio -- introduce and pass medical-marijuana legislation without sending it to a public vote. We also saw a continued softening in the public's opinion toward marijuana, which remains an illegal drug at the federal level. Gallup's 2016 poll found that 60% of Americans now want to see the substance legalized nationwide, up from just 25% when California passed the first compassionate-use law in 1996. Legal weed sales have also soared. Cannabis research firm ArcView sees sales reaching nearly $22 billion by the end of the decade, while investment firm Cowen & Co. projects a better-than-23% annualized growth rate leading to $50 billion in legal sales by 2026. California is a medical-marijuana juggernaut Colorado, one of the first two states to legalize recreational marijuana in 2012, wound up generating $996.2 million in legal sales during 2015, leading to $135 million in tax and licensing revenue. Yet that's peanuts compared with legal pot sales in California, the eighth-largest economy in the world by GDP. Image source: Getty Images. Since passing medical-cannabis legislation in 1996, California has amassed more than 720,000 current patients, at least according to a September 2016 estimate from the Marijuana Policy Project. That's about 1.8% of California's total population as of 2015, and it represents half of all legal medical-marijuana patients in the entire United States. According to Troy Dayton, the CEO of ArcView, California generated $2.7 billion in medical-cannabis sales in 2015, which amounts to 62% of all medical-cannabis sales in the U.S. in 2015, as well as more than half of all cannabis sales, medical and recreational combined, in 2015. California's medical-marijuana industry is simply enormous. But it may not stay that way for long. The cannibalization of medical cannabis In November, California's residents went to the polls and overwhelmingly voted in favor of Prop 64, which will legalize recreational, adult-use weed for the state's more than 39 million residents. In 2018 alone, California's legal pot sales are expected to climb to $6.6 billion, based on estimates by New Frontier and ArcView. Image source: Cannabis Culture, Flickr. However, legalizing recreational marijuana for adults aged 21 and up creates a potentially big problem for the United States' largest medical-marijuana industry: Once recreational-marijuana sales are allowed (they'll be rolled out over the next year), the incentive to head to the doctor to get a prescription for medical pot will no longer be there. Not to mention that getting a physician referral takes time and costs money. From physicians to medical dispensaries, there's the possibility that the medical-cannabis industry could be ravaged by the recreational-pot industry. Medical dispensaries will still be needed for patients younger than age 21, so it's not as if they'd entirely disappear. But it's probable that the medical-marijuana industry in California today will look very different a year or two from now. The Sacramento Bee points out that some medical-pot clinics are planning to rebrand to broader holistic services in order to keep their clientele. Those services may include acupuncture, chiropractic care, and hypnosis, for example. Medical-marijuana shops are also counting on new consumers who want the guidance of a physician before purchasing pot, even if they're just recreational consumers and not medical-marijuana patients. Marijuana consultations from an experienced pot clinic physician could still translate into profits.  But, admittedly, the future of medical marijuana in California is very uncertain. Marijuana's clouded future Beyond just California, the future of marijuana in the U.S. remains somewhat clouded, too. For instance, the appointment of Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) to be the next attorney general of the United States is a potentially damaging blow to the marijuana industry. Sessions is an ardent opponent of the legalization movement, and even though President-elect Trump has thrown his full support behind medical marijuana, and has suggested that states should retain their right to regulate their pot industry without federal interference, Sessions could roll back some of the leniency instilled during the Obama presidency. While this isn't to say 20 years of progress could be wiped out, it's unlikely that the sledding will get easier with Sessions as attorney general. Image source: Getty Images. We also can't forget that the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency declined to reschedule marijuana when given the opportunity this past August. The DEA noted a lack of safety and clinical data, as well as a lack of understanding the chemical properties of marijuana, in its decision to leave the drug classified as Schedule 1. This means pot companies are still primarily forced to deal in cash, as most banks want nothing to do with them, and they continue to face higher corporate income tax rates since they are unable to take normal business deductions. These persistent disadvantages are what make investing in this space so incredibly dangerous. Even if the incoming administration or the DEA does decide to reschedule marijuana, it doesn't mean things would necessarily get easier. Schedule 2 through Schedule 5 drugs fall under the tight regulation of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. The FDA would likely implement strict marketing and packaging regulations, oversee all medical grow operations, and require that approved clinical trials be run to prove that medical cannabis treats certain ailments This all translates into big expenses for the medical-pot industry. While marijuana's state-level expansion has been something to marvel, this remains an industry best watched from the sidelines. Sean Williams has no material interest in any companies mentioned in this article. You can follow him on CAPS under the screen name TMFUltraLong, and check him out on Twitter, where he goes by the handle @TMFUltraLong. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info Jan 1, 2017 at 9:14AM Health Care Read More Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.'s 3 Best Moves in 2016 The Laundry List of Reasons Why Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl. Inc. Plummeted 86% in 2016 Why CTI BioPharma Corp. Stock Popped Today Why CVS Health Stock Dropped 18.2% in 2016 Gilead Sciences Inc.'s Biggest Failure in 2016 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool California's Gigantic Medical-Marijuana Industry Could Be Devastated by an Unlikely Source #stocks
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 1, 2017January 1, 2017 by Monika Donimirska 3 Healthcare REITs to Buy in 2017 Looking for juicy dividends? You’ll definitely want to check out real estate investment trusts (REITs) that specialize in the healthcare sector. Here’s why Medical Properties Trust (NYSE: MPW) , Ventas (NYSE: VTR) , and Welltower (NYSE: HCN) are three healthcare REITs that should be good buys for 2017. Image source: Getty Images. Medical Properties Trust: Nothing but hospitals Unlike most other healthcare REITs, Medical Properties Trust focuses exclusively on investing in and owning hospitals. Its dividend yield of 7.62% stands among the highest of any healthcare REIT on the market. At the end of the third quarter, Medical Properties Trust’s portfolio included 209 properties, 11 of which were under development. Over 60% of its revenue stems from general acute care hospitals, with just under 30% coming from rehabilitation hospitals and roughly 9% from long-term acute care hospitals. Four out of five of the company’s properties are located in the U.S., with the rest primarily in Germany. The good thing about hospitals is that they typically don’t move. Medical Properties Trust benefits from having long-term leases on its properties. Only a relatively small number of its property leases expire prior to 2025. Medical Properties Trust’s debt totals $2.7 billion. The company shouldn’t have problems servicing this debt. Even better, most of this amount — $2.5 billion — is fixed-rate debt that won’t be negatively affected by interest rate hikes. Ventas: A focus on seniors housing While Medical Properties Trust deals only with hospitals, Ventas focuses largely on seniors housing. The company’s dividend yield currently stands at an attractive 5.09%. As of Sept. 30, 2016, Ventas owned 1,300 properties in the U.S., Canada, and the United Kingdom. Over 60% of these were seniors housing communities. Nearly 21% were medical office buildings. Ventas also owned several life science and innovation centers, skilled nursing facilities, and hospital properties. Ventas boasts a strong track record that investors should like. The company’s compounded annual total shareholder return from 2000 through 2015 was an impressive 26%. Ventas has also increased its dividend by an average annual rate of 10% since 2001. The company’s debt totaled over $11.3 billion at the end of the third quarter of 2016. Less than 16% of that amount is variable-rate debt that could be impacted by potential interest rate increases. Welltower: The Granddaddy of Healthcare REITs Welltower was founded in 1970, making the company the oldest of all REITs exclusively investing in healthcare properties. This granddaddy of healthcare REITs currently sports a dividend yield of 5.25%. The company owns interest in 1,464 properties across the U.S., Canada, and the United Kingdom. Like Ventas, Welltower focuses primarily on seniors housing. In November, the company announced a significant portfolio repositioning to reduce its exposure to long-term and post-acute care (LTPAC) and increase its focus on premium private-pay healthcare real estate properties. This appears to be a good move for Welltower over the long run. The increased focus on private-pay healthcare properties should increase profits. Selling some of its LTPAC properties also improves Welltower’s financial shape. Just a few days after the company announced its strategic changes, Standard & Poor’s raised Welltower’s credit rating, citing among other things the portfolio repositioning efforts. What about Welltower’s debt? The company reported around $13.4 billion in debt at the end of the third quarter. Roughly $2.8 billion of that amount was variable-rate debt. Positive trends Healthcare REITs should benefit from several positive trends in the coming years. Aging baby boomers will likely spur an increase in demand for seniors housing, which should help Ventas and Welltower. As Americans age, they will also likely incur more health problems, making hospitals more money and thereby helping Medical Properties Trust’s investments pay off. Also, even though interest rates are likely to go up, they’re still at low levels historically. This allows healthcare REITs to continue to borrow relatively inexpensively. With these positive tailwinds, I expect Medical Properties Trust, Ventas, and Welltower will continue to richly reward dividend-seeking investors in 2017 and beyond. 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks  for investors to buy right now… and Wal-Mart wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here  to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as ofDecember 12 , 2016 The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned. Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Welltower. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 12 Jaw-Dropping Stats About Retirement Next PostNext Republican Efforts to Reform Social Security Could Financially Cripple Most Seniors Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts How Bhopal Gas Tragedy Sparked Clean-Tech In Tamil Nadu January 7, 2017 Pak Hands Over Dossier On 'India's Interference' To UN Chief January 7, 2017 The Crack In Antarctic Ice Shelf Just Grew. A Break Could Be Imminent. January 7, 2017 MH370: No Suspicions Of Crew, Passengers, Says French Probe January 7, 2017 Donald Trump Says Hacking Had 'No Effect' On US Election January 7, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Healthcare REITs to Buy in 2017 Why Medical Properties Trust, Ventas, and Welltower look like great healthcare REITs for investors to buy in the new year. Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Jan 1, 2017 at 7:41AM Looking for juicy dividends? You'll definitely want to check out real estate investment trusts (REITs) that specialize in the healthcare sector. Here's why Medical Properties Trust (NYSE:MPW), Ventas (NYSE:VTR), and Welltower (NYSE:HCN) are three healthcare REITs that should be good buys for 2017. Image source: Getty Images. Medical Properties Trust: Nothing but hospitals Unlike most other healthcare REITs, Medical Properties Trust focuses exclusively on investing in and owning hospitals. Its dividend yield of 7.62% stands among the highest of any healthcare REIT on the market. At the end of the third quarter, Medical Properties Trust's portfolio included 209 properties, 11 of which were under development. Over 60% of its revenue stems from general acute care hospitals, with just under 30% coming from rehabilitation hospitals and roughly 9% from long-term acute care hospitals. Four out of five of the company's properties are located in the U.S., with the rest primarily in Germany. The good thing about hospitals is that they typically don't move. Medical Properties Trust benefits from having long-term leases on its properties. Only a relatively small number of its property leases expire prior to 2025.  Medical Properties Trust's debt totals $2.7 billion. The company shouldn't have problems servicing this debt. Even better, most of this amount -- $2.5 billion -- is fixed-rate debt that won't be negatively affected by interest rate hikes.   Ventas: A focus on seniors housing While Medical Properties Trust deals only with hospitals, Ventas focuses largely on seniors housing. The company's dividend yield currently stands at an attractive 5.09%. As of Sept. 30, 2016, Ventas owned 1,300 properties in the U.S., Canada, and the United Kingdom. Over 60% of these were seniors housing communities. Nearly 21% were medical office buildings. Ventas also owned several life science and innovation centers, skilled nursing facilities, and hospital properties. Ventas boasts a strong track record that investors should like. The company's compounded annual total shareholder return from 2000 through 2015 was an impressive 26%. Ventas has also increased its dividend by an average annual rate of 10% since 2001. The company's debt totaled over $11.3 billion at the end of the third quarter of 2016. Less than 16% of that amount is variable-rate debt that could be impacted by potential interest rate increases. Welltower: The Granddaddy of Healthcare REITs Welltower was founded in 1970, making the company the oldest of all REITs exclusively investing in healthcare properties. This granddaddy of healthcare REITs currently sports a dividend yield of 5.25%. The company owns interest in 1,464 properties across the U.S., Canada, and the United Kingdom. Like Ventas, Welltower focuses primarily on seniors housing. In November, the company announced a significant portfolio repositioning to reduce its exposure to long-term and post-acute care (LTPAC) and increase its focus on premium private-pay healthcare real estate properties. This appears to be a good move for Welltower over the long run. The increased focus on private-pay healthcare properties should increase profits. Selling some of its LTPAC properties also improves Welltower's financial shape. Just a few days after the company announced its strategic changes, Standard & Poor's raised Welltower's credit rating, citing among other things the portfolio repositioning efforts. What about Welltower's debt? The company reported around $13.4 billion in debt at the end of the third quarter. Roughly $2.8 billion of that amount was variable-rate debt.   Positive trends Healthcare REITs should benefit from several positive trends in the coming years. Aging baby boomers will likely spur an increase in demand for seniors housing, which should help Ventas and Welltower. As Americans age, they will also likely incur more health problems, making hospitals more money and thereby helping Medical Properties Trust's investments pay off. Also, even though interest rates are likely to go up, they're still at low levels historically. This allows healthcare REITs to continue to borrow relatively inexpensively. With these positive tailwinds, I expect Medical Properties Trust, Ventas, and Welltower will continue to richly reward dividend-seeking investors in 2017 and beyond. Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Welltower. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Jan 1, 2017 at 7:41AM Health Care Stocks Welltower NYSE:HCN $68.45 up $0.28 (0.41%) Ventas NYSE:VTR $63.05 down $0.12 (-0.19%) Medical Properties Trust NYSE:MPW $12.53 down $0.01 (-0.08%) Read More Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.'s 3 Best Moves in 2016 The Laundry List of Reasons Why Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl. Inc. Plummeted 86% in 2016 Why CTI BioPharma Corp. Stock Popped Today Why CVS Health Stock Dropped 18.2% in 2016 Gilead Sciences Inc.'s Biggest Failure in 2016 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Healthcare REITs to Buy in 2017 #stocks $HCN, $VTR, $MPW
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 27° View Live Radar Sat H 29° L 16° Sun H 34° L 20° Mon H 42° L 30° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Tennessee retailers have new legislative goal: Wine sales on Sunday Tennessee retailers have new legislative goal: Wine sales on Sunday January 1st, 2017 by Andy Sher in Politics State Mara McVicker, growler station lead for Food City, hangs tags on various bottles of wine at the St. Elmo store. Photo by Tim Barber /Times Free Press. Gallery: Uncorked: Grocers, shoppers celebrate first day of wine sales +2 more photos Tennessee House Majority Leader Gerald McCormick laughs Tuesday, January 5, 2016 at the Chattanooga Times Free Press. Tennessee House Majority Leader Gerald McCormick laughs... Photo by Angela Lewis Foster /Times Free Press. POLL: Would you buy wine on Sundays? Yes No Submit Results Yes: 63.64% (112) No: 36.36% (64) Total Responses: 176 NASHVILLE — Two years ago after persuading Tennessee lawmakers to let them sell wine, state grocery and convenience stores are now setting an ambitious new goal: repealing the long-standing ban on Sunday sales of wine. Rob Ikard, president and CEO of the Tennessee Grocers & Convenience Store Association, said the grocers group is joining with Tennessee wineries and the Distilled Spirits Council to push for what he calls "seven-day sales." "We think if there's ever a time to try it, it's right now, because we know our customers are really perplexed they can't buy wine in our food stores on Sunday when they can buy beer across the aisle," Ikard said. He noted customers went "nuts" with delight when grocery stores began offering wine July 1. "But then on Sunday, customers were told to put it [wine bottle] back on the shelf" because of the ban, he said. "We think there's strong consumer interest in this," Ikard added, citing dozens of local referendums across the state where voters approved wine sales in food stores. Because package liquor stores also sell wine, the proposal would allow them to open and they would be able to sell liquor too, Ikard and others said. Both Rep. Gerald McCormick, R-Chattanooga, and Senate Republican Caucus Chairman Bill Ketron of Murfreesboro said they're strongly looking at sponsoring the legislation. "I have talked to them about that and I probably will do it," said McCormick, who chose not to seek a fourth term as House majority leader for the legislative session beginning Jan. 10. "I think it's just to make it consistent leave it up to the local operators and not the state," McCormick added. "I think most [Tennesseans] will go along with it." He noted that Tennesseans already can buy wine or spirits by the drink on Sundays at restaurants with an alcohol license. Ketron said that as part of the 2014 agreement on grocery store wine sales, he agreed not to take up the issue of Sunday sales for two years. "I said we need to give those [small] retailers time to adjust their business plan," Ketron said. Now, he said, some liquor store owners are seeing slower wine sales and want an extra sales day. Others don't, Ketron added, noting the Tennessee Wine & Spirits Retailers Association is split on the issue. He believes the retailers as well as the distributors' organization, the Wine & Spirits Wholesalers of Tennessee, will be neutral on a bill. Ketron said he isn't sure whether the idea of allowing liquor stores to sell distilled spirits on Sunday will cause some lawmakers who supported grocery store wine sales law to back off. "That may complicate it a little, but I won't be sure until I actually introduce the bill," Ketron said. David McMahan, who lobbies for liquor store owners, acknowledged that group is split on Sunday sales. Some of the state's 600 liquor stores are seeing a fall-off in wine sales and want to shore up business with Sunday sales, while others are not having problems and don't like the idea of having staff work seven days a week, he said. It also makes no sense for many stores to open on Sundays if they can't sell distilled spirits too, McMahan said. Until an actual bill is filed and his board can read it, sort through the implications and decide, it's difficult know how the group will respond. And liquor store owners will have to prioritize among issues, he said. The retailers will oppose efforts by grocery and convenience store chains to tinker with a provision that requires food stores to charge customers a 20 percent markup over their own costs, as well as one that bans wholesalers from physically stocking shelves in food stores. Such restrictions are "critical" for small businesses competing with huge national retailers, he said. "Wal-Mart and Costco have not been good for most communities in Tennessee," McMahan said. "If you notice, they come to town and all of a sudden your hardware store goes out of business, the bicycle shop goes out of business, your sporting goods store goes out of business. "You can look at some of these town squares and they're sort of ghostlike," McMahan added. "So [there's an interest in] protecting the negotiated tools that were in that bill that would allow the 600 small businesses across the state to continue to operate their business and hire employees and pay taxes. So that will be a big part of my job, making sure that those elements stay in the law and don't get reversed." With only six months of sales in food stores to date, "we really don't know what the true effect of wine in the grocery stores is yet." Contact Andy Sher at asher@timesfreepress.com or 615-255-0550. Follow on twitter @AndySher1. More Articles Read previous article New Tennessee laws for 2017 ease handgun permit prices, toughen domestic violence laws Read next article Trump's VP vetter says allegations over Corker financial dealings 'groundless' Chattanooga Times Free Press Loading... Latest Articles Winter weather could lead to late newspaper delivery Winter weather update for the Chattanooga area Chattanooga to spend $1.5 million in cleanup of old Lupton City mill site Meeting with companies interested in operating Fall Creek Falls met by protestors [photos] Man who shot robber 11 times, killed him won't face criminal charges McKamey Animal Center offers free spaying, neutering for feral cats Marion County toddler's death ruled homicide Monsignor G.E. Schmidt remembered as leader who 'called the best out of people' Chattanooga area closings, delays as winter storm approaches [video] Walker County local transit system closing on Friday due to weather Female inmate found dead in Fort Payne, Ala., jail Three people arrested on drug charges in separate traffic stops in DeKalb County, Ala.
