RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, January 16, 2017 10:36 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wal-Mart’s leadership expands exec roles in online push Saturday January 14, 2017 02:50 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: E-waste rising dangerously in Asia The Edit: Where to enjoy modern British art The Edit: Check out VietJet’s ‘gold’ giveaway The Edit: FB to filter fake news in Germany Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Wal-Mart Stores Inc today announced a management shuffle that integrates the running of its physical outlets and online operations. — file picNEW YORK, Jan 14 — Wal-Mart Stores Inc today announced a management shuffle that integrates the running of its physical outlets and online operations, and extends broader authority to the former head of online retailer Jet.com, which Wal-Mart bought for US$3.3 billion (RM14.7 billion) last year. It was the second time Wal-Mart has shuffled its e-commerce decks after it acquired Jet.com in August and appointed Marc Lore to run its e-commerce business. In November, Wal-Mart announced a number of management changes and said Jet.com co-founder Nate Faust would lead fulfillment operations for both Jet.com and Wal-Mart.com. Among the changes announced today, Wal-Mart said Jeremy King, who was the chief technology officer of global e-commerce for Wal-Mart Stores, will oversee the technology teams for both its brick and mortar retail stores and its e-commerce business. Michael Bender, chief operating officer for e-commerce, will leave the company. Tony Rogers, the chief marketing officer of Wal-Mart in the United States, will now also oversee online marketing efforts as the company shifts its focus to building its websites and e-commerce offerings. Wal-Mart also appointed GE Power executive Clay Johnson as the new chief information officer. Johnson will replace Karenann Terrell, who will leave in February. “These changes continue to show Lore is putting his stamp on the business,” said Brian Yarbrough, senior research analyst with Edward Jones. “It remains to be seen how effective this will be.” The departures are a sign that Wal-Mart’s struggling online business will get a drastic makeover under Lore, who started out in e-commerce with Diapers.com, which he eventually sold to Amazon.com Inc in 2010 for US$550 million. Lore is likely to stay with Wal-Mart for at least five years, according to filings. The changes announced on Friday are also part of a broader push by Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon to narrow the gap with Amazon and to give it an even more dominant position in U.S. e-commerce. The retailer has been investing in e-commerce for the past 15 years, but it still lags far behind its Seattle-based rival. The management changes come at a time when Wal-Mart is cutting thousands of back-office jobs in an effort to focus more on e-commerce, cut costs and have more employees on the sales floor Analysts expect such executive shuffles to continue as Wal-Mart keeps integrating Jet.com into its business. “Wal-Mart clearly isn’t done reconfiguring its e-commerce operation and still has work to do,” said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. He said a lot of companies are combining oversight of their store and online operations with the goal of having a single retail organization, as Apple Inc did last year. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week World’s eight richest as wealthy as half of humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay set for overhaul Not enough investment in green energy, firm finds Sterling plunges after Britain hints at ‘hard Brexit’ Bet on ringgit, EM currencies to rebound, Allianz chief economist says China’s central bank launches spot investigation on bitcoin exchanges Ringgit likely to improve 4.40 against US dollar next week Cardholders need to start using pin to resolve teething problems Malaysia to consider more steps to stabilise ringgit if needed Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Hidden Figures’ tops box office Reuters Video: Chinese president arrives in Switzerland on state visit Reuters Video: Turkey and Russia to invite US to Syria talks, Turkish minister says 'Baywatch' international trailer brings back the sexy Reuters Video: Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by Night' sex scenes Reuters Video: Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian robbery Related Articles Run-DMC founder sues Amazon.com, Wal-Mart for US$50m Wal-Mart will offer Cyber Monday deals starting Black Friday (VIDEO) Wal-Mart reviews Welspun records after Target pulls sheets The accidental millionaire in Jet.com’s sale to Wal-Mart Wal-Mart in talks to buy online retailer Jet.com, says report Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
My SUN+ account Logout Search Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Calgary Sun Sunday January 15 2017 Home News In News Alberta Calgary Canada World Weird Archives Sports In Sports Latest Scores Golf Tips Spruce Meadows Snow Scene myFlames Hitmen Roughnecks Stampeders Hockey Football Baseball Soccer Curling Golf Tennis Motorsports Mixed Martial Arts Lacrosse Other Sports Archives Entertainment In Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life In Life Sex Files Health & Fitness Eat Dine Out Fashion Archives Tech In Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money In Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel In Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion In Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos In Photos Videos In Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Mike Drew Adventures with Renato Snow Scene Sunshine Girl Sunshine Girl In Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Archives Moremore Flyers This week As Advertised Snow Scene New Homes & Condos Weather Golf E-edition Contests Newsstand Lottery results Subscribe Manage my account Must Reads Alberta Calgary Canada World Weird Archives News Alberta Walmart charged for allegedly failing to throw out food after Fort McMurray wildfire By Keith Gerein First posted: Friday, January 13, 2017 03:18 PM MST | Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017 03:28 PM MST Walmart Article Tweet Change text size for the story Print this story Report an error Walmart Canada has been charged with numerous health violations for allegedly failing to throw out a wide variety of food and drinks from its Fort McMurray store in the weeks following last spring’s wildfire, Postmedia has learned. A total of 174 counts of Public Health Act violations have been laid against the company, most of them for “failing to ensure that food that has been contaminated or otherwise unfit for human consumption must not be served, offered for sale, processed, packaged, displayed or stored for human consumption.” The list of food items in question includes baby snacks, ice cream, cheese, yogurt, bacon, steaks, frozen fish and a wide variety of snacks, drinks and condiments. Four of the health act charges relate to “obstructing, hindering or interfering” Alberta Health Services inspectors by advising them that contaminated food was no longer being offered for sale. Court documents filed in Fort McMurray show the alleged violations occurred between May 24-29 last year. Four senior Walmart executives, including the U.S.-based director of disaster response and recovery, are included in the health act charges. The northern Alberta oilsands hub was evacuated on May 3 amid a massive wildfire that wiped out about 10 per cent of the community’s structures. A phased re-entry did not proceed until the first week of June though several people, including employees of some grocery and retail stores, came back early to ensure they were stocked with goods for returning evacuees. “We know that having access to safe food is essential to the health and recovery of any community,” AHS said in a statement Friday. “Food exposed to wildfire situations can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardant chemicals, water and loss of power during a fire. After the wildfire, we worked closely with food operations across Fort McMurray to support their reopening, safely, without posing further risk to the health of residents, visitors and volunteers. “Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to public.This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community.” Walmart also provided a written statement saying the company was surprised by the charges. “Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers,” said the statement from Alex Roberton, senior director, corporate affairs. “We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community. “We have not yet received Crown Disclosure in relation to these charges, and cannot comment further regarding this ongoing legal matter.” kgerein@postmedia.com twitter.com/keithgerein As Advertised in the Calgary SUN Walmart charged for allegedly failing to throw out food after Fort McMurray wildfire By Keith Gerein First posted: Friday, January 13, 2017 03:18 PM MST | Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017 03:28 PM MST Walmart Canada has been charged with numerous health violations for allegedly failing to throw out a wide variety of food and drinks from its Fort McMurray store in the weeks following last spring’s wildfire, Postmedia has learned. A total of 174 counts of Public Health Act violations have been laid against the company, most of them for “failing to ensure that food that has been contaminated or otherwise unfit for human consumption must not be served, offered for sale, processed, packaged, displayed or stored for human consumption.” The list of food items in question includes baby snacks, ice cream, cheese, yogurt, bacon, steaks, frozen fish and a wide variety of snacks, drinks and condiments. Four of the health act charges relate to “obstructing, hindering or interfering” Alberta Health Services inspectors by advising them that contaminated food was no longer being offered for sale. Court documents filed in Fort McMurray show the alleged violations occur Top stories Popular Latest Videos Increased food theft hitting Calgary: police Parents unhappy with K-9 report card system, lack of teacher conferences Settlement reached in Red Deer courthouse assault on William Berry Alex Dental Health Bus hosts special dental clinic in Calgary for disadvantaged families Alan Hallman suspended from PC Party for one year Alan Hallman suspended from PC Party for one year Parents unhappy with K-9 report card system, lack of teacher conferences 'Trump' sporting military haircut at inauguration rehearsal Settlement reached in Red Deer courthouse assault on William Berry Alberta wildlife out in full force RCMP comment after man shot and killed during arrest attempt Flames Head coach Former boxing heavyweight supports anti-bullying campaign Caretaker abuse caught on camera Sunshine Girl Karen More from Alberta Alan Hallman suspended from PC Party for one year Settlement reached in Red Deer courthouse assault on William Berry Paramedic injured in altercation at Parkhill home needs surgery ’Boots on the ground:’ More indigenous involvement urged in pipeline monitoring Companies increasing energy storage developments as renewables grow Inside Calgary sun.com News Death toll at 26 from latest prison violence Entertainment Miley Cyrus hands out marijuana party bags News Transit tirade caught on video Sports Believe it! These young Leafs do News Hallman suspended from PCs News Parents unhappy with K-9 report cards News 'Trump' sporting new 'do at rehearsal Sports Raptors take easy win over Knicks Entertainment 'Inexperienced' thugs robbed Kardashian: Statement News Murder-suicide raises questions about malaria drug News Deal reached in Red Deer assault Opinion One heck of a day Home Mobile version News Alberta Calgary Canada World Weird Archives Sports Latest Scores Golf Tips Spruce Meadows Snow Scene myFlames Hitmen Roughnecks Stampeders Hockey Football Baseball Soccer Curling Golf Tennis Motorsports MMA Lacrosse Other Sports Archives Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life Sex Files Health & Fitness Eat Dine Out Fashion Archives Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Mike Drew Adventures with Renato Snow Scene Sunshine Girl Flyers This week As Advertised Snow Scene New Homes & Condos Weather Golf E-edition Contests Newsstand Lottery results Subscribe Manage my account Must Reads Sunshine Girl Follow Rss Facebook Twitter Subscribe Sun+ Print mobile Manage my account Buy SUN items Archives & Services Page Calgary Sun Contact Us Letters to the editor Online Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Advertise In print Online Classified Advertising Opportunities Sun publications Toronto Sun Ottawa Sun Winnipeg Sun Edmonton Sun More Publications Site map Privacy policy Terms & conditions Powered by Fatwire Canoe Sun Media is a member of Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved
My SUN+ account Logout Search Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Toronto Sun Sunday January 15 2017 Home News In News Toronto & GTA Ontario Canada World Weird Archives Sports In Sports Latest Scores Toronto Maple Leafs Blue Jays Raptors Toronto Rock Argonauts Toronto FC Hockey Golf Baseball Football Basketball Soccer Curling Tennis Horse Racing Motorsports Mixed Martial Arts Other Sports Archives Entertainment In Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Stage Books Archives Life In Life Sex Files Health & Fitness Eat Fashion Education & Careers Sun in the Community Archives Tech In Tech Gadgets News Gaming Discovery Archives Money In Money Money Home Archives Travel In Travel Ontario Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion In Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos In Photos Videos In Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Sunshine Girl In Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Archives Moremore Flyers This Week Ski and Snow Homes Golf Weather Find-a-Rental Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Toronto & GTA Ontario Canada World Weird Archives News Canada Walmart charged for allegedly failing to throw out food after Fort McMurray wildfire By Keith Gerein First posted: Friday, January 13, 2017 05:18 PM EST | Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017 05:28 PM EST Walmart Article Tweet Change text size for the story Print this story Report an error Walmart Canada has been charged with numerous health violations for allegedly failing to throw out a wide variety of food and drinks from its Fort McMurray store in the weeks following last spring’s wildfire, Postmedia has learned. A total of 174 counts of Public Health Act violations have been laid against the company, most of them for “failing to ensure that food that has been contaminated or otherwise unfit for human consumption must not be served, offered for sale, processed, packaged, displayed or stored for human consumption.” The list of food items in question includes baby snacks, ice cream, cheese, yogurt, bacon, steaks, frozen fish and a wide variety of snacks, drinks and condiments. Four of the health act charges relate to “obstructing, hindering or interfering” Alberta Health Services inspectors by advising them that contaminated food was no longer being offered for sale. Court documents filed in Fort McMurray show the alleged violations occurred between May 24-29 last year. Four senior Walmart executives, including the U.S.-based director of disaster response and recovery, are included in the health act charges. The northern Alberta oilsands hub was evacuated on May 3 amid a massive wildfire that wiped out about 10 per cent of the community’s structures. A phased re-entry did not proceed until the first week of June though several people, including employees of some grocery and retail stores, came back early to ensure they were stocked with goods for returning evacuees. “We know that having access to safe food is essential to the health and recovery of any community,” AHS said in a statement Friday. “Food exposed to wildfire situations can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardant chemicals, water and loss of power during a fire. After the wildfire, we worked closely with food operations across Fort McMurray to support their reopening, safely, without posing further risk to the health of residents, visitors and volunteers. “Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to public.This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community.” Walmart also provided a written statement saying the company was surprised by the charges. “Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers,” said the statement from Alex Roberton, senior director, corporate affairs. “We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community. “We have not yet received Crown Disclosure in relation to these charges, and cannot comment further regarding this ongoing legal matter.” kgerein@postmedia.com twitter.com/keithgerein Walmart charged for allegedly failing to throw out food after Fort McMurray wildfire By Keith Gerein First posted: Friday, January 13, 2017 05:18 PM EST | Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017 05:28 PM EST Walmart Canada has been charged with numerous health violations for allegedly failing to throw out a wide variety of food and drinks from its Fort McMurray store in the weeks following last spring’s wildfire, Postmedia has learned. A total of 174 counts of Public Health Act violations have been laid against the company, most of them for “failing to ensure that food that has been contaminated or otherwise unfit for human consumption must not be served, offered for sale, processed, packaged, displayed or stored for human consumption.” The list of food items in question includes baby snacks, ice cream, cheese, yogurt, bacon, steaks, frozen fish and a wide variety of snacks, drinks and condiments. Four of the health act charges relate to “obstructing, hindering or interfering” Alberta Health Services inspectors by advising them that contaminated food was no longer being offered for sale. Court documents filed in Fort McMurray show the alleged violations occur Top stories Popular Latest Videos Toronto the rude Late senator's grandson admits to human trafficking Nazi camp excavations unearth link to Anne Frank Believe it! These young Leafs do Carnal classroom capers rampant Death toll at 26 from latest Brazil prison violence Miley Cyrus hands out marijuana party bags at birthday bash York Region transit tirade caught on video Believe it! These young Leafs do 'Trump' sporting military haircut at inauguration rehearsal Mansion destroyed by fire Leafs and Habs rivalry alive and well SSG Tonya Toronto Mayor Tory announces initiative to reduce pedestrian deaths SSG Tamaira More from Canada New trial starts Monday in 1984 killing Seeking 'sugar daddies': Hundreds of Alberta university students turn to the Internet to help with finances ’It’s a tinderbox’: Assaults soar in 158-year-old prison Video of man allegedly assaulted while in police custody released by family Conference for Peace in the Middle East baffles Inside Toronto sun.com News Unfilled border tunnels in Mexico a security risk News Death toll at 26 from latest prison violence Entertainment Miley Cyrus hands out marijuana party bags News Transit tirade caught on video Sports Believe it! These young Leafs do News 'Trump' sporting new 'do at rehearsal News Toronto the rude Sports Raptors take easy win over Knicks Entertainment 'Inexperienced' thugs robbed Kardashian: Statement News Murder-suicide raises questions about malaria drug Sports Former pro wrestler Jimmy Snuka dies at 73 Sports Hester probably calling it a career Home Mobile version News Toronto & GTA Ontario Canada World Weird Archives Sports Latest Scores Maple Leafs Blue Jays Raptors Toronto Rock Argos Toronto FC Hockey Golf Baseball Football Basketball Soccer Curling Tennis Horse Racing Motorsports MMA Other Sports Archives Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Stage Books Archives Life Sex Files Health & Fitness Eat Fashion Education & Careers Sun in the Community Archives Tech Gadgets News Gaming Discovery Archives Money Money Home Archives Travel Ontario Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Flyers This Week Ski and Snow Homes Golf Weather Find-a-Rental Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Sunshine Girl Follow Rss Facebook Twitter Subscribe Sun+ Print mobile Manage my account Buy SUN items Archives & Services Page Toronto Sun Contact Us Letters to the editor Online Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Advertise In print Online Classified Advertising Opportunities Sun publications Ottawa Sun Winnipeg Sun Calgary Sun Edmonton Sun More Publications Site map Privacy policy Terms & conditions Powered by Fatwire Canoe Sun Media is a member of Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved
City Cityline Breakfast Television News Local Trending in Toronto Athlete of the Week National GTA Sports Sportsnet Entertainment Life Video Weather Extras News Tips News Alerts Inside CityNews Our Team About Us Contact Us Apps LISTEN LIVE LOCAL VIDEO NEWS TIPS Loading articles... Walmart charged for selling food possibly tainted by Alberta wildfires by The Canadian Press Posted Jan 13, 2017 9:23 pm EST Last Updated Jan 14, 2017 at 7:18 am EST National A giant fireball is visible as a wildfire rips through the forest by Highway 63, 16 kilometres south of Fort McMurray, Alta on May 7, 2016.THE CANADIAN PRESS/Jonathan Hayward Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province’s Public Health Act. “Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public,” AHS said in a statement Friday. “This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community.” Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada’s senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. “Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers,” Roberton said in an email. “We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community.” He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn’t received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. “Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks.” Join the conversation Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Edit Profile | Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Comment Please read our commenting policies Listen Now 680 NEWS live --:-- Next Story "> Posted LOCAL NATIONAL Two men sought after man stabbed in Oakville Jan 15, 2017, 7:05 AM Man killed in single vehicle crash in Brampton Jan 15, 2017, 6:58 AM Four critically injured in head-on crash northwest of Toronto Jan 14, 2017, 9:52 PM Suspect arrested after serious stabbing in Etobicoke Jan 14, 2017, 6:16 PM Porter Airlines flights resume after system outage Jan 14, 2017, 5:13 PM Three charged after copper plates stolen from moving train: police Jan 14, 2017, 4:14 PM Reconciliation more than land acknowledgments, Aboriginal groups say Jan 14, 2017, 9:40 AM Trump fallout, elections and paying rent: 3 ways politics touched us this week Jan 14, 2017, 7:30 AM Wildfire's return stalls recovery plans for Fort McMurray oilsands industry May 17, 2016, 8:06 AM No winning ticket for Friday's $34.8-million Lotto Max jackpot Jan 14, 2017, 1:09 AM Retiring star Hayley Wickenheiser paved the way for female hockey players Jan 13, 2017, 11:18 PM LIFE SPORTSNET ENTERTAINMENT SickKids researchers map genome of beaver for Canada's 150th birthday Jan 13, 2017, 4:28 PM Almost half of money earmarked for low income students being diverted by TDSB: report Jan 12, 2017, 11:30 AM Event-filled weekend to chase away the January blues Jan 12, 2017, 10:52 AM Toronto police identify first murder victim of 2017 Jan 09, 2017, 4:18 PM Three for the road: Loose moose keep officers on the run in Newfoundland Jan 06, 2017, 8:00 AM Washington Post makes big error on women's cover Jan 05, 2017, 11:24 AM Big Read: The evolution of Eugenie Bouchard Jan 15, 2017, 10:59 AM How Jeff Petry has become the Canadiens’ most important defenceman Jan 15, 2017, 3:39 PM 20 Fantasy Thoughts: Patrick Maroon finds home in Edmonton Jan 15, 2017, 1:37 PM Capitals take 1st place in NHL with blowout win over Flyers Jan 15, 2017, 4:42 PM Blue Jays’ Russell Martin expected to play shortstop at WBC Jan 15, 2017, 1:59 PM Canadian 'SNL' and 'SCTV' alum Tony Rosato dead at the age of 62 Jan 11, 2017, 8:49 PM Drake pays tribute to Obama with bizarre Instagram picture Jan 11, 2017, 9:32 AM Streep takes on Trump, he calls her an 'overrated actress' Jan 09, 2017, 8:54 AM 16 arrested over Kardashian West jewelry heist: Paris police Jan 09, 2017, 5:39 AM Golden Globes goes gaga for 'La La Land' Jan 08, 2017, 11:19 PM Home About Us Contact Us Download App Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 333 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario M4W 1G9 © 2002-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
null
Walmart accused of selling food potentially contaminated by Fort McMurray fire | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Donald Trump Conservative leadership Missing girl Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News CTV's Question Period W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Walmart accused of selling food potentially contaminated by Fort McMurray fire In this May 7, 2016 file photo, a wildfire burns south of Fort McMurray, Alberta. (Jonathan Hayward / The Canadian Press via AP) The Canadian Press Published Friday, January 13, 2017 7:39PM EST FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. -- Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." Related Stories Fort McMurray fires push insurable damage to record $4.9B: IBC Trade ruling on drywall tariffs could impact Fort McMurray rebuild Ferocious Fort McMurray wildfire voted Canadian Press news story of the year Photos Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV Ottawa: Stand-off between cyclist and driver Air Date: January 15, 2017 false CTV London: Fatal buggy crash Air Date: January 15, 2017 false CTV Barrie: Local fame Air Date: January 15, 2017 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More news from Business Canada must remain nimble as it braces for Trump era: feds' economic adviser Parti Quebecois leader supports a 'Buy Quebecois Act' Listening to populists like Trump is important, Davos forum chief says Two Canadian billionaires are as rich as nearly 1/3 of Canada: report U.K. will adapt if barred from EU market, treasury chief says More indigenous involvement urged in pipeline monitoring Join the conversation... Advertisement Sponsored Saving for your child's education without losing any sleep Sponsored Expecting? 4 stress-free budgeting tips for the expanding family BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Stan Wong discusses BCE _ WATCH: Stan Wong's Top Picks _ WATCH: Stan Wong discusses Pfizer _ WATCH: Stan Wong discusses Alphabet Inc CTV News Video Network false Caught on cam: Dispute between cyclist, driver in Ottawa CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 Senate seats for sale? O'Leary says he'd consider it 1 2 U.S. teen abducted as a newborn meets birth parents 3 Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over Russia 6 4 Ont. family claims to have found 8 Advil pills in sealed ice cream carton 1 5 Two Canadian billionaires are as rich as nearly 1/3 of Canada: report 6 Foreigners likely tried to influence Canada’s election: ex-CSIS head 1 7 Vancouver man turns U-Haul storage locker into home 1 8 Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights legend 3 9 #BeccaToldMeTo: Teen battling terminal cancer inspires acts of kindness 1 10 Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years 2 Don't Miss false Local fame: Meet the Ont. boy who's play made it on Fallon false Seniors share stores of love and marriage to today's youth false Looking for a sign: Collecting Montreal's iconic letters You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Ont. family claims to have found 8 Advil pills in sealed ice cream carton Experts question whether tougher sentences deter drunk driving Ottawa police say no charges laid following altercation between cyclist, driver WORLD Officials: Unfilled border tunnels in Mexico a security risk Crisis warnings sound as EU gears up for new migrant wave Trump praises Brexit and predicts EU's demise, slams NATO ENTERTAINMENT 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop Prince Charles co-authors a book on climate change The last 'Greatest Show on Earth': Are circuses doomed? HEALTH Women face heavier burden of criminalizing HIV non-disclosure, advocates say Superheroes could magnify aggressive behaviours in children: study #BeccaToldMeTo: Teen battling terminal cancer inspires acts of kindness POLITICS Ukraine seeks 'clarity' from Canada on continuation of military mission O'Leary shows off his French lessons, promises proficiency by 2019 Jason Kenney challenged on unity plan by fellow Alberta PC leader candidates SCI-TECH Cutest captain: Sea lion caught in fishing gear hops on boat Facebook announces 'fake news' offensive in Germany E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study BUSINESS Canada must remain nimble as it braces for Trump era: feds' economic adviser Parti Quebecois leader supports a 'Buy Quebecois Act' Listening to populists like Trump is important, Davos forum chief says AUTOS F1 great Stirling Moss, 87, in hospital with chest infection Rolls-Royce sets a record for bespoke commissions Driver caught on radar at 110 km/h over limit in Halton Hills. Ont.: police SPORTS Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Australian Open begins in Melbourne Canada's Marielle Thompson golden in World Cup Lifestyle What are the odds? Mom, dad, son all share a birthday 'More savoury than fruity': Volcanic wines are the hot new wine trend Toronto brings design to the streets with TO DO festival CTV News on the Go false News Minute: Ukraine calls on Canada to outline military Grounded tanker freed from Nova Scotia coast Central U.S. hit with second day of ice storms In Pictures   Skygazers treated to full moon, pink skies over B.C. North American International Auto Show Golden Globes red carpet fashion Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Sunday, January 15, 2017 Kingston, ON -3° Clear Sponsored by: Haven Home ClimateCare Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Homes UR Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Features Videos Contests Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Playoff Pool Women In Business Nomination Form More Local Ontario Canada World News Local Walmart pulls plug on quarry project By Steph Crosier, Kingston Whig-Standard Friday, January 13, 2017 7:43:26 EST PM A view of the north end Kingston quarry site on Jan. 13, where the retail giant store Walmart was supposed to build its second Kingston store. (Ian MacAlpine/The Whig-Standard) Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error Walmart Canada has pulled out of the development of a new shopping centre in Kingston's north end. Alex Roberton, senior director of corporate affairs at Walmart Canada, said in an email to the Whig-Standard that as the development progressed, the company continued to re-evaluate the 17-acre location where the Quarry Sportsplex used to sit. "We continually evaluate the viability of potential new stores," Roberton wrote. "Occasionally, a new store project is dropped due to a variety of factors, including construction costs, approval status and market opportunity." Joshua Kaufman, senior vice-president of retail and commercial development with Dream Unlimited Corp., said his company had been working with ABNA Investments Ltd. for nearly five years getting the 215,000-square-foot project at 23 Soccer Lane through city hall. "Walmart was going to be the anchor tenant, [then] Walmart informed us of their decision that they were not going to be advancing onsite as the anchor tenant," Kaufman said. "As a result, we had to look at other plans. We're at the point right now where we're trying to work on a different vision for the site, staying consistent with the zoning and the approvals that exist, and as we firm up those plans, we'll be in consultation with the city and come to discuss what it is going to be. "Right now, it's been a land acquisition and we're focusing on the visioning of it." ABNA Investments Ltd. operated by the Doornekamp family, previously owned the property and Dream operated as agents. Kaufman said once zoning was completed, his company purchased the land and ABNA Investments Ltd. is now no longer involved in the project. Kaufman said the location will remain a commercial, retail development. "How that gets distributed amongst the site, how we basically plan for the buildings and the site works, that's all being worked on right now," Kaufman said. Dream doesn't have an ideal tenant in mind yet, whether it be a department store or smaller commercial venture. "[Dream] has made the decision to move forward with the acquisition of the land in Kingston," Kaufman said. "It is a prime location, it is a great opportunity, and it's a great municipality. Given the fact that we believe in the municipality, we want to advance with the best plan we can in light of the news of Walmart making the decision to not continue with the opportunity." With Walmart pulling out, the approval process will likely take another 12 months of planning, but an update should be available in about six months. scrosier@postmedia.com Twitter.com/StephattheWhig  Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Cleaning Services Molly Maid Retail Cornerstone New Homes RealtySource - Lisa Salamone Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with The Kingston Whig-Standard Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options E-Editions Kingston View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow The Kingston Whig-Standard Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Curling Other Sports Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Money Homes Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Videos Contests Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Playoff Pool Women In Business Nomination Form Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Features City Notices My Flyers Autonet Homes Extra Grand Theatre Fundraising Campaign Real-Estate Directories Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print The Kingston Whig-Standard Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 The Kingston Whig-Standard. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
CHEK News, Weather, Sports, and TV. Victoria 3°C   Home News Local News Newscasts Live & Recent Newscasts CHEK Point Vital People This Week In History News Personalities News Links Contact News Weather Sports Local Sports Game On! WHL Hockey Highlights Auto Sports LPGA Golf Videos Links Programs TV Schedule Live & Recent Newscasts Supernatural 60 Minutes 48 Hours Bones Wheel of Fortune Jeopardy Everybody Loves Raymond King of Queens Judge Judy Hot Bench Trend Cookin’ on the Coast The Wealthy Life CHEK Around Out There Da Vinci’s Inquest Game On! Flavours of the West Coast Community Sponsorship Vital People TC10K 2016 Contests Ticket to Go! About Us Our Story Press Releases Career Opportunities Personalities Mobile Marketing Advertise Video Production Corporate Video Commercials / Video production Events Menu Home News Local News Newscasts Live & Recent Newscasts CHEK Point Vital People This Week In History News Personalities News Links Contact News Weather Sports Local Sports Game On! WHL Hockey Highlights Auto Sports LPGA Golf Videos Links Programs TV Schedule Live & Recent Newscasts Supernatural 60 Minutes 48 Hours Bones Wheel of Fortune Jeopardy Everybody Loves Raymond King of Queens Judge Judy Hot Bench Trend Cookin’ on the Coast The Wealthy Life CHEK Around Out There Da Vinci’s Inquest Game On! Flavours of the West Coast Community Sponsorship Vital People TC10K 2016 Contests Ticket to Go! About Us Our Story Press Releases Career Opportunities Personalities Mobile Marketing Advertise Video Production Corporate Video Commercials / Video production Events Walmart charged under Public Health Act over fire food: Alberta Health Services Posted By: The Canadian Presson: January 13, 2017In: National News FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday.  "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email.  "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks."   The Canadian Press Previous B.C. Liberals bring in nearly $8M in corporate donations in 2016 Next Truck company owner charged with evading $1 million in tolls Related Articles Two richest Canadians have as much wealth as poorest 30 per cent: Report says January 15, 2017 Parti Quebecois leader would adopt a “Buy Quebecois Act” if elected in 2018 January 15, 2017 Canada must remain nimble as it braces for Trump era: feds’ economic adviser January 15, 2017 CBC Regional News Goodbye deep freeze, hello rain. Typical West Coast winter weather set to return January 15, 2017 Frozen lake free divers brave hypothermia for cold thrills January 15, 2017 Heavy rain coupled with melting snow could spell roof trouble January 15, 2017 Cold snap unleashes Langley man’s inner ice sculptor January 15, 2017 2017 British Columbia election: Surrey-Panorama riding profile January 15, 2017 Canadian Press Two richest Canadians have as much wealth as poorest 30 per cent: Report says January 15, 2017 Parti Quebecois leader would adopt a “Buy Quebecois Act” if elected in 2018 January 15, 2017 Former pro wrestler Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 January 15, 2017 At inaugural rehearsal, Trump sub sports military haircut January 15, 2017 Canada must remain nimble as it braces for Trump era: feds’ economic adviser January 15, 2017 CHEK Sports After ’embarrassing’ loss, Royals look to rebound against Moose Jaw January 14, 2017 Rebels remain confident in search of new coach January 13, 2017 From Brentwood Bay to Nashville for Matt Irwin January 12, 2017 Russian Royals find a home in Victoria January 11, 2017 The Sport of Rock Climbing continues to grow here on the island January 10, 2017 2016 Top Stories TOP STORIES OF 2016: Royal Visit to Victoria December 20, 2016 TOP STORIES OF 2016: Victoria Police chief scandal December 21, 2016 TOP STORIES OF 2016: The fentanyl crisis December 27, 2016 TOP STORIES OF 2016: Victoria’s tent city December 22, 2016 TOP STORIES OF 2016: Record real estate market December 23, 2016 Top Stories Hundreds attend memorial service for Malahat Fire Chief January 14, 2017 Saanich Fire practices ice rescue drills on frozen lake January 14, 2017 UPDATED WITH VIDEO: Warning issued after spike in oyster-related illness January 13, 2017 Demand for doctor-assisted dying on Vancouver Island grows January 13, 2017 Algae advisory lifted for Greater Victoria’s Elk/Beaver Lake January 13, 2017 Police in Delta using GPS to track fleeing vehicles January 13, 2017 2015 Copyright CHEK Media About Us Our Story Career Opportunities Press Releases Advertise Contests Ticket to Go! Links Personalities Shows TV Schedule Jeopardy Wheel of Fortune Cookin’ on the Coast Trend Judge Judy Hot Bench CHEK Around The Wealthy Life Video Production Video Production Commercials / Video production Corporate Video Studios, Green Screen Rentals Contact Us Get the App
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -1 °C Overcast Full Text Archive Oshawa Generals WALK-IN CLINICS EVENTS - SUBMIT NOW NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Road construction map Wellness DIGITAL PRINT EDITIONS HOME DELIVERY INQUIRIES BECOME A CARRIER Local Ads uReport the news Our lists Crossword HOT TOPICS Our magazines Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Crime Education Elections Durham Ajax Clarington Oshawa Pickering Scugog Uxbridge Whitby Ontario Canada World uReport 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Man, 74, dead after horse-drawn buggy crash Generals Baseball Basketball Golf Football High School Hockey Lacrosse Olympics Soccer Tennis uReport 32 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports News SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Books Celebrity Contests Food and Wine Events Movies Quizzes Wow uReport 3 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Blogs Cartoon Columnists Columns Editorial Letters Jan 12, 2017 Grandview Kids will miss Anthony Cirelli To the editor: We heard the news on Monday that our friend, Anthony... Today's cartoon: Haven't saved a nickel VIEW MORE OPINION Small Business Week Crossword Environment Family Home and Garden Money Matters Parenting Pets and Animals Sudoku uReport Wellness 13 hours ago Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Still reeling from a rough 2016? Tips for moving forward in the new year Latest Community Stories SEE MORE LEGO robots do battle at Durham College 'Whitby Flash' Don Fleming dies at 84 Whitby residents can weigh in on town projects at upcoming meetings Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals YourClassifieds.ca 63% off an Interior Detailing Package discount: 63% | value: $270.00 | You Save: $171.00 Time Remaining: 4 Days Beating report card stress Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Deals Coupons Flyers Business Listings 63% off an Interior Detailing Package discount: 63% | value: $270.00 | You Save: $171.00 Time Remaining: 4 Days Oshawa Clinic Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News Generals Former Generals star Brett MacLean returning to play hockey in Oshawa Jan. 21 Snapshot Community 'Whitby Flash' Don Fleming dies at 84 Snapshot Contests Allyson Polidano of Oshawa has the ticket Snapshot Durham Ontario floats basic income as a solution to persistent poverty Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Behind The Lens - Oshawa council meeting Behind The Lens — Anti-Gravity AcroSports Photo Gallery Sports Across The Durham Region Photo Gallery Photos from across the Durham Region. The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Family concerned over sudden disappearance of Oshawa man Cameron Bailie, 27 Family left reeling after killing of 21-year-old Dominik Prusinski in Oshawa 'Whitby Flash' Don Fleming dies at 84 One victim stabbed, others pepper sprayed in Oshawa home invasion Cops stop car in Ajax being driven on just three tires In Your Neighbourhood Today Why your pet bird is angry, biting and plucking its feathers Owning a pet bird can turn into a frustrating experience for those who don’t realize a bird needs... Deli cheese selection shines at Vos’ Independent, Port Perry A giant wheel of Parmigiano Reggiano from Italy, waiting to be cut into portions for customers,... Top 10 restaurants to celebrate the season Toronto is home to so many great and unique restaurants that it can be difficult to decide where to... Oshawa bad credit mortgages and second mortgages from private lenders Most Canadian banks have strict rules for approving mortgages, and will turn down people with bad... Your air conditioning system needs TLC all year When cooler weather arrives, you’ll switch the air conditioning system off but that’s not all you... Wanted: Barbers who are a cut above the rest When he opened his barbershop in 2014, Johnny Bastas envisioned a one-man, one-chair operation. But... How to help your child get better marks in school It’s possible to help your child improve their academic performance at school this year without... Dressing up your home with new siding When it comes to home renovations, siding can make a big difference visually and it comes with a... When to replace your windows There are definite signs you’ll notice when it’s time to replace the windows on your home, and if... What does your front door say about your home? The front door is a visitor’s first impression of your home, and Adorn Home Improvements in Whitby... The 9 best places to eat a sandwich Menu Palace has scoured the city and found Toronto's best places to eat. Anywhere you have Internet... Night school or learning at home are attractive options for adult students Sitting in a traditional classroom isn’t the only way to learn at Durham Continuing Education,... Should you choose a patio door or garden door? Patio and garden doors let lots of light into a home while serving as a doorway, making them a... Adult Students Study in a Supported Learning Environment at Durham's Catholic Continuing Education Centre Returning to school as an adult can be challenging, but making the experience rewarding is the goal... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Top nine pancake houses in the city Toronto's Menu Palace has checked out all of the dining establishments in the city, doing all of... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... The best 10 restaurants to enjoy French toast Breakfast, lunch and dinner — Toronto's Menu Palace has you covered for every meal of the day.... Choosing the style of new windows is the fun part Once you’ve decided to upgrade the windows in your home to more energy efficient models, choosing a... How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Up to 44% off Burritos or Salad Bowls and Drinks $13 View Deal Ground Turkey - Bulk Packaged $18 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal A Large Pizza or a Family Feast $10 View Deal 50% off 10 lbs of Chicken Wings $30 View Deal 79% off Healing Spa Packages $59 View Deal 50% off Military Vehicles Rides $20 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them New trial begins in 1984 killing of girl PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case DurhamRegion Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Consumer Shows Corporate Sales FAQs Join our Team Mobile Newsletter Signup Order a Photo Print Editions Staff Directory Sitemap Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com InsideBelleville.com InsideBrockville.com InsideOttawaValley.com InsideToronto.com KingstonRegion.com Mississauga.com MyKawartha.com NorthumberlandNews.com OttawaCommunityNews.com Simcoe.com YorkRegion.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar 7 Day Forecast Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Politics Election results News Videos Zika Virus MLK in Memphis Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Holiday guide Back to School 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Breaking News FOX13 Newsletter Sign Up Delivered To Your Inbox Newsletter: Sign Up Please Wait Thank You for Subscribing! Your newsletters will be arriving soon. Walmart and Sam's club teaming up to fight obesity Updated: Jan 13, 2017 - 5:58 PM Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Twtter Walmart and Sam's Club are working to make sure anyone with a heath related New Year's resolution has support.  The stores will be hosting health screenings in more than 5,200 locations across the county.  “Knowing your numbers is critical to achieving your healthy resolutions and to maintaining a healthy lifestyle,” said George Riedl, senior vice president and president, Walmart Health & Wellness. “That’s why Walmart and Sam’s Club have joined together for the very first time to kick off 2017 with the company’s largest free health screening event to-date.” The screens have helped multiple people with health problems including high blood pressure, signs of diabetes and other potential illness. Walmart Screening Information Walmart Wellness Day will take place from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. local time on Saturday, Jan. 14, in more than 4,600 Walmart stores across the country. Free screenings will include blood glucose, blood pressure, vision, and for the first time body fat and body mass index. Product samples and health insurance information will be available. More than 10,000 of Walmart’s licensed pharmacists will offer immunizations in select stores. Walmart continues to break company records at screening events. In October alone, nearly 52,000 immunizations were administered and more than 2 million free samples were distributed in a single event. Sam’s Club Screening Information Free screenings at Sam's Club locations are open to members and the public and will be held from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. local time in approximately 618 clubs across the country. Screenings*, which are valued at up to $150, will include free blood glucose, blood pressure, vision / hearing (where applicable), body fat, total cholesterol and HDL (good cholesterol). Sam’s Club licensed pharmacists will be on-hand to offer immunizations as well. A list of stores can be found here.  © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Walmart and Sam's club teaming up to fight obesity Man stabbed during party at university chancellor's home Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Trump team considers relocating White House media corps Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 EEOC Statement FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
× Like what you're reading? Never miss a thing with the HuffPost Canada Alberta newsletter! Newsletter may include personalized content. Learn more. View mobile site January 15, 2017 Huffpost Canada Alberta ca Edition: ca Show/Hide عربي (Arabic) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG MX México United Kingdom UK United States US Region: AB Show/Hide All Canada Alberta British Columbia Québec (en français) Follow Newsletters Get Canada AlbertaNewsletters Email address Enter Email Address iOS app Android app More Desktop Alerts $USERNAME Desktop Notifications Profile Settings Logout FRONT PAGE Politics Kevin O'Leary Suggests Selling Senate Seats 0 Go to Politics More in Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Salute Politics Videos You Might Also Like US Politics UK Politics Business Bizarre Glitches Have Some Convinced Russia Is Hacking U.S. Media 0 Go to Business More in Business Working Poor Joint Venture Sunny Freeman Business Videos You Might Also Like Tech TechCrunch WorldPost Major Powers Warn Trump Over Middle East Peace At Paris Meeting 0 Justin Trudeau Throws Some Grade-A Shade At Donald Trump 0 Archaeologists Discover New Possible Link To Anne Frank 0 Stores Are Pulling Nutella After Report Links It To Cancer 0 Iran Says It Will Not Renegotiate Nuclear Deal 0 Go to WorldPost More in WorldPost Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis You Might Also Like Travel Impact Parents Family Ties' Meredith Baxter Felt 'Unburdened' After Coming Out 0 Go to Parents More in Parents Apparently Parents Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Weddings Living Career Tips You Can Gain From Mastering Social Media 0 Go to Living More in Living 2 Minutes To Transform Apparently I'm Sold Canada Say it. Make it. Eat it. Like A Tourist Living Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Style 8 Style Hacks To Get You Through The Brutal Winter 0 Go to Style More in Style Style Videos Beauty Fashion Celeb Style Wedding Style Best And Worst Dressed Skincare You Might Also Like Style (U.S.) Weddings Entertainment Alec Baldwin's Trump Takes On Obamacare And Golden Showers On 'SNL' 0 Nicole Kidman Clarifies Her Controversial 'Support' For Donald Trump In New Interview 0 Zoe Saldana Thinks Hollywood 'Bullies' Won Trump The White House 0 Jennifer Holliday Won't Perform At Donald Trump's Inauguration After All 0 'Greatest Show On Earth' Shutting Down After 146 Years 0 Go to Entertainment You Might Also Like Music Celebrity TV Moviefone Arts Artist Turns Donald Trump’s Most Controversial Quotes Into Comic Book Covers 0 Richard Prince Protests Trumps By Claiming Work Ivanka Bought Is 'Fake' 0 Trump Protesters In New York Want To 'Help Ivanka Move' 0 The Story Of An Art Fair Whose Work Was Never Meant To Be Sold 0 Student Transforms College Rejection Letter Into Viral Work Of Art 0 Go to Arts You Might Also Like Books Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Religion Alberta Cheque Mailed To 'Vagina, SK' Miraculously Delivered To Regina 5 Go to Alberta More in Alberta Alberta Politics Alberta Business Rachel Notley Calgary Edmonton BC Grand Forks Hospital Staff Distraught After Man Shot Himself In ER: Union 0 Go to BC More in BC B.C. Politics B.C. Business B.C. Good News B.C. RCMP Vancouver Vancouver Housing You Might Also Like B.C.Videos All Sections News Canada Politics Canada Business US Politics US Business World Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Daily Finance Entertainment Entertainment Music TV Celebrity Comedy Arts Books Moviefone Life & Style Living Style Home Healthy Living Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce HuffPost 50 OWN Quiet Revolution Tech & Science Tech Science Green Techcrunch Engadget TUAW Joystiq Voices Impact Women Black Voices Latino Voices Queer Voices Religion College Teen Outspeak Local Quebec (French) Calgary Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Mapquest Patch.com Our Mobile Apps: iPhone iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Alberta Rachel Notley Alberta Politics Alberta Business Calgary Edmonton Scotland's Sunday Herald Hilariously Teases Trump Inauguration As 'Twilight Zone' Kevin O'Leary Suggests Selling Senate Seats How Many 'Pee Pee' Puns Can 'SNL' Make At Trump's Expense? Make Social Media Work For You Previous Story Next Story Walmart May Have Sold Food Contaminated By The Fort McMurray Fire CP  |  By The Canadian Press Posted: 01/13/2017 7:12 pm EST Updated: 01/13/2017 9:34 pm EST Share Tweet Email Comment tumblr reddit ADVERTISEMENT FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services is alleging that Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. In a statement today A-H-S says it believes that Walmart sold wildfire-contaminated food to the public and this was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community. Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, says the retailer is surprised by the charges. A file photo of a Walmart Supercentre in Ontario. (Photo: Lars Hagberg/The Canadian Press) He says Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures designed to ensure the safety of the food it offers its customers. Roberton says it worked very closely with food inspectors and the crisis management team in the city following the wildfire. The huge fire that broke out May 1st forced more than 80-thousand people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority says food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. Also on HuffPost: Close  Volunteer Firefighter Shares Inside Look At Fort McMurray Blaze of   Volunteer Ricky Vassberg took these incredible photos of the Fort McMurray fire in May 2016. The Edmonton resident helped support and deliver supplies to a fire hall as a massive wildfire swept through the northern Alberta community. Vassberg bought a trailer and filled it with supplies for firefighters. Vassberg, pictured next to equipment that was damaged during the fire. Firefighters fight a structure fire in Fort McMurray. Stopping a small patch of fire in the Fort McMurray area. The wildfire burns through a Fort McMurray neighbourhood. A vehicle destroyed by the blaze. Destroyed cars line the road in a Fort McMurray neighbourhood. Vassberg, pictured wearing donated equipment from local firefighters. His truck was damaged in the blaze. Vassberg's hand was injured while trying to clear furniture from a building that had been on fire. This dog, Max, was rescued from a building in the Fort McMurray neighbourhood of Abasand.  Share  Tweet  ✖ Advertisement Share this ✖ close Current Slide More: video walmart canada walmart canada fort mcmurray walmart canada contaminated food alberta health services fort mcmurray fort mcmurray fire walmart fort mcmurray walmart alberta Alberta business alberta video Suggest a correction   Click here to view Conversations Conversations Suggested For You FOLLOW HUFFPOST Email Email Address Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent Options HuffPost Daily Brief Alberta Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. Facebook HuffPost Alberta Twitter HuffPost Follow Alberta Follow Google Plus HuffPost Alberta RSS The Huffington Post Alberta All RSS / Feeds Phone Available on the App Store Android App on Google Play Get it at Blackberry App World advertise make HuffPost your home page RSS careers FAQ user agreement privacy policy comment policy about us about our ads contact us Archive Copyright ©2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 2017© Part of HPMG News Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Notify message * Required * * * What kind of error is this? Choose an option Factual or typographical Comment moderation problem Rights and permissions Other * What is the correction? 0 count Describe the error here (1,000 character limit) * Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief Thanks for your report!
× Like what you're reading? Never miss a thing with the HuffPost Canada Alberta newsletter! Newsletter may include personalized content. Learn more. View mobile site January 15, 2017 Huffpost Canada Alberta ca Edition: ca Show/Hide عربي (Arabic) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG MX México United Kingdom UK United States US Region: AB Show/Hide All Canada Alberta British Columbia Québec (en français) Follow Newsletters Get Canada AlbertaNewsletters Email address Enter Email Address iOS app Android app More Desktop Alerts $USERNAME Desktop Notifications Profile Settings Logout FRONT PAGE Politics Kevin O'Leary Suggests Selling Senate Seats 0 Go to Politics More in Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Salute Politics Videos You Might Also Like US Politics UK Politics Business Bizarre Glitches Have Some Convinced Russia Is Hacking U.S. Media 0 Go to Business More in Business Working Poor Joint Venture Sunny Freeman Business Videos You Might Also Like Tech TechCrunch WorldPost Major Powers Warn Trump Over Middle East Peace At Paris Meeting 0 Justin Trudeau Throws Some Grade-A Shade At Donald Trump 0 Archaeologists Discover New Possible Link To Anne Frank 0 Stores Are Pulling Nutella After Report Links It To Cancer 0 Iran Says It Will Not Renegotiate Nuclear Deal 0 Go to WorldPost More in WorldPost Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis You Might Also Like Travel Impact Parents Family Ties' Meredith Baxter Felt 'Unburdened' After Coming Out 0 Go to Parents More in Parents Apparently Parents Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Weddings Living Career Tips You Can Gain From Mastering Social Media 0 Go to Living More in Living 2 Minutes To Transform Apparently I'm Sold Canada Say it. Make it. Eat it. Like A Tourist Living Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Style 8 Style Hacks To Get You Through The Brutal Winter 0 Go to Style More in Style Style Videos Beauty Fashion Celeb Style Wedding Style Best And Worst Dressed Skincare You Might Also Like Style (U.S.) Weddings Entertainment Alec Baldwin's Trump Takes On Obamacare And Golden Showers On 'SNL' 0 Nicole Kidman Clarifies Her Controversial 'Support' For Donald Trump In New Interview 0 Zoe Saldana Thinks Hollywood 'Bullies' Won Trump The White House 0 Jennifer Holliday Won't Perform At Donald Trump's Inauguration After All 0 'Greatest Show On Earth' Shutting Down After 146 Years 0 Go to Entertainment You Might Also Like Music Celebrity TV Moviefone Arts Artist Turns Donald Trump’s Most Controversial Quotes Into Comic Book Covers 0 Richard Prince Protests Trumps By Claiming Work Ivanka Bought Is 'Fake' 0 Trump Protesters In New York Want To 'Help Ivanka Move' 0 The Story Of An Art Fair Whose Work Was Never Meant To Be Sold 0 Student Transforms College Rejection Letter Into Viral Work Of Art 0 Go to Arts You Might Also Like Books Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Religion Alberta Cheque Mailed To 'Vagina, SK' Miraculously Delivered To Regina 5 Go to Alberta More in Alberta Alberta Politics Alberta Business Rachel Notley Calgary Edmonton BC Grand Forks Hospital Staff Distraught After Man Shot Himself In ER: Union 0 Go to BC More in BC B.C. Politics B.C. Business B.C. Good News B.C. RCMP Vancouver Vancouver Housing You Might Also Like B.C.Videos All Sections News Canada Politics Canada Business US Politics US Business World Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Daily Finance Entertainment Entertainment Music TV Celebrity Comedy Arts Books Moviefone Life & Style Living Style Home Healthy Living Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce HuffPost 50 OWN Quiet Revolution Tech & Science Tech Science Green Techcrunch Engadget TUAW Joystiq Voices Impact Women Black Voices Latino Voices Queer Voices Religion College Teen Outspeak Local Quebec (French) Calgary Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Mapquest Patch.com Our Mobile Apps: iPhone iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Alberta Rachel Notley Alberta Politics Alberta Business Calgary Edmonton Scotland's Sunday Herald Hilariously Teases Trump Inauguration As 'Twilight Zone' Kevin O'Leary Suggests Selling Senate Seats How Many 'Pee Pee' Puns Can 'SNL' Make At Trump's Expense? Make Social Media Work For You Previous Story Next Story Walmart Allegedly Sold Food Contaminated By The Fort McMurray Fire CP  |  By The Canadian Press Posted: 01/13/2017 7:07 pm EST Updated: 01/13/2017 7:08 pm EST Share Tweet Email Comment tumblr reddit ADVERTISEMENT FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services is alleging that Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. In a statement today A-H-S says it believes that Walmart sold wildfire-contaminated food to the public and this was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community. Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, says the retailer is surprised by the charges. A file photo of a Walmart Supercentre in Ontario. (Photo: Lars Hagberg/The Canadian Press) He says Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures designed to ensure the safety of the food it offers its customers. Roberton says it worked very closely with food inspectors and the crisis management team in the city following the wildfire. The huge fire that broke out May 1st forced more than 80-thousand people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority says food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. Also on HuffPost: Close  Volunteer Firefighter Shares Inside Look At Fort McMurray Blaze of   Volunteer Ricky Vassberg took these incredible photos of the Fort McMurray fire in May 2016. The Edmonton resident helped support and deliver supplies to a fire hall as a massive wildfire swept through the northern Alberta community. Vassberg bought a trailer and filled it with supplies for firefighters. Vassberg, pictured next to equipment that was damaged during the fire. Firefighters fight a structure fire in Fort McMurray. Stopping a small patch of fire in the Fort McMurray area. The wildfire burns through a Fort McMurray neighbourhood. A vehicle destroyed by the blaze. Destroyed cars line the road in a Fort McMurray neighbourhood. Vassberg, pictured wearing donated equipment from local firefighters. His truck was damaged in the blaze. Vassberg's hand was injured while trying to clear furniture from a building that had been on fire. This dog, Max, was rescued from a building in the Fort McMurray neighbourhood of Abasand.  Share  Tweet  ✖ Advertisement Share this ✖ close Current Slide More: video walmart canada walmart canada fort mcmurray walmart canada contaminated food alberta health services fort mcmurray fort mcmurray fire walmart fort mcmurray walmart alberta Alberta business alberta video Suggest a correction   Click here to view Conversations Conversations Suggested For You FOLLOW HUFFPOST Email Email Address Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent Options HuffPost Daily Brief Alberta Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. Facebook HuffPost Alberta Twitter HuffPost Follow Alberta Follow Google Plus HuffPost Alberta RSS The Huffington Post Alberta All RSS / Feeds Phone Available on the App Store Android App on Google Play Get it at Blackberry App World advertise make HuffPost your home page RSS careers FAQ user agreement privacy policy comment policy about us about our ads contact us Archive Copyright ©2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 2017© Part of HPMG News Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Notify message * Required * * * What kind of error is this? Choose an option Factual or typographical Comment moderation problem Rights and permissions Other * What is the correction? 0 count Describe the error here (1,000 character limit) * Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief Thanks for your report!
× Like what you're reading? Never miss a thing with the HuffPost Canada Alberta newsletter! Newsletter may include personalized content. Learn more. View mobile site January 15, 2017 Huffpost Canada Alberta ca Edition: ca Show/Hide عربي (Arabic) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG MX México United Kingdom UK United States US Region: AB Show/Hide All Canada Alberta British Columbia Québec (en français) Follow Newsletters Get Canada AlbertaNewsletters Email address Enter Email Address iOS app Android app More Desktop Alerts $USERNAME Desktop Notifications Profile Settings Logout FRONT PAGE Politics Kevin O'Leary Suggests Selling Senate Seats 0 Go to Politics More in Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Salute Politics Videos You Might Also Like US Politics UK Politics Business Bizarre Glitches Have Some Convinced Russia Is Hacking U.S. Media 0 Go to Business More in Business Working Poor Joint Venture Sunny Freeman Business Videos You Might Also Like Tech TechCrunch WorldPost Major Powers Warn Trump Over Middle East Peace At Paris Meeting 0 Justin Trudeau Throws Some Grade-A Shade At Donald Trump 0 Archaeologists Discover New Possible Link To Anne Frank 0 Stores Are Pulling Nutella After Report Links It To Cancer 0 Iran Says It Will Not Renegotiate Nuclear Deal 0 Go to WorldPost More in WorldPost Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis You Might Also Like Travel Impact Parents Family Ties' Meredith Baxter Felt 'Unburdened' After Coming Out 0 Go to Parents More in Parents Apparently Parents Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Weddings Living Career Tips You Can Gain From Mastering Social Media 0 Go to Living More in Living 2 Minutes To Transform Apparently I'm Sold Canada Say it. Make it. Eat it. Like A Tourist Living Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Style 8 Style Hacks To Get You Through The Brutal Winter 0 Go to Style More in Style Style Videos Beauty Fashion Celeb Style Wedding Style Best And Worst Dressed Skincare You Might Also Like Style (U.S.) Weddings Entertainment Alec Baldwin's Trump Takes On Obamacare And Golden Showers On 'SNL' 0 Nicole Kidman Clarifies Her Controversial 'Support' For Donald Trump In New Interview 0 Zoe Saldana Thinks Hollywood 'Bullies' Won Trump The White House 0 Jennifer Holliday Won't Perform At Donald Trump's Inauguration After All 0 'Greatest Show On Earth' Shutting Down After 146 Years 0 Go to Entertainment You Might Also Like Music Celebrity TV Moviefone Arts Artist Turns Donald Trump’s Most Controversial Quotes Into Comic Book Covers 0 Richard Prince Protests Trumps By Claiming Work Ivanka Bought Is 'Fake' 0 Trump Protesters In New York Want To 'Help Ivanka Move' 0 The Story Of An Art Fair Whose Work Was Never Meant To Be Sold 0 Student Transforms College Rejection Letter Into Viral Work Of Art 0 Go to Arts You Might Also Like Books Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Religion Alberta Cheque Mailed To 'Vagina, SK' Miraculously Delivered To Regina 5 Go to Alberta More in Alberta Alberta Politics Alberta Business Rachel Notley Calgary Edmonton BC Grand Forks Hospital Staff Distraught After Man Shot Himself In ER: Union 0 Go to BC More in BC B.C. Politics B.C. Business B.C. Good News B.C. RCMP Vancouver Vancouver Housing You Might Also Like B.C.Videos All Sections News Canada Politics Canada Business US Politics US Business World Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Daily Finance Entertainment Entertainment Music TV Celebrity Comedy Arts Books Moviefone Life & Style Living Style Home Healthy Living Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce HuffPost 50 OWN Quiet Revolution Tech & Science Tech Science Green Techcrunch Engadget TUAW Joystiq Voices Impact Women Black Voices Latino Voices Queer Voices Religion College Teen Outspeak Local Quebec (French) Calgary Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Mapquest Patch.com Our Mobile Apps: iPhone iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Alberta Rachel Notley Alberta Politics Alberta Business Calgary Edmonton Scotland's Sunday Herald Hilariously Teases Trump Inauguration As 'Twilight Zone' Kevin O'Leary Suggests Selling Senate Seats How Many 'Pee Pee' Puns Can 'SNL' Make At Trump's Expense? Make Social Media Work For You Previous Story Next Story Walmart Allegedly Sold Food Contaminated By The Fort McMurray Fire CP  |  By The Canadian Press Posted: 01/13/2017 7:07 pm EST Updated: 01/13/2017 7:08 pm EST Share Tweet Email Comment tumblr reddit ADVERTISEMENT FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services is alleging that Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. In a statement today A-H-S says it believes that Walmart sold wildfire-contaminated food to the public and this was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community. Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, says the retailer is surprised by the charges. A file photo of a Walmart Supercentre in Ontario. (Photo: Lars Hagberg/The Canadian Press) He says Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures designed to ensure the safety of the food it offers its customers. Roberton says it worked very closely with food inspectors and the crisis management team in the city following the wildfire. The huge fire that broke out May 1st forced more than 80-thousand people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority says food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. Also on HuffPost: Close  Volunteer Firefighter Shares Inside Look At Fort McMurray Blaze of   Volunteer Ricky Vassberg took these incredible photos of the Fort McMurray fire in May 2016. The Edmonton resident helped support and deliver supplies to a fire hall as a massive wildfire swept through the northern Alberta community. Vassberg bought a trailer and filled it with supplies for firefighters. Vassberg, pictured next to equipment that was damaged during the fire. Firefighters fight a structure fire in Fort McMurray. Stopping a small patch of fire in the Fort McMurray area. The wildfire burns through a Fort McMurray neighbourhood. A vehicle destroyed by the blaze. Destroyed cars line the road in a Fort McMurray neighbourhood. Vassberg, pictured wearing donated equipment from local firefighters. His truck was damaged in the blaze. Vassberg's hand was injured while trying to clear furniture from a building that had been on fire. This dog, Max, was rescued from a building in the Fort McMurray neighbourhood of Abasand.  Share  Tweet  ✖ Advertisement Share this ✖ close Current Slide More: video walmart canada walmart canada fort mcmurray walmart canada contaminated food alberta health services fort mcmurray fort mcmurray fire walmart fort mcmurray walmart alberta Alberta business alberta video Suggest a correction   Click here to view Conversations Conversations Suggested For You FOLLOW HUFFPOST Email Email Address Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent Options HuffPost Daily Brief Alberta Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. Facebook HuffPost Alberta Twitter HuffPost Follow Alberta Follow Google Plus HuffPost Alberta RSS The Huffington Post Alberta All RSS / Feeds Phone Available on the App Store Android App on Google Play Get it at Blackberry App World advertise make HuffPost your home page RSS careers FAQ user agreement privacy policy comment policy about us about our ads contact us Archive Copyright ©2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 2017© Part of HPMG News Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Notify message * Required * * * What kind of error is this? Choose an option Factual or typographical Comment moderation problem Rights and permissions Other * What is the correction? 0 count Describe the error here (1,000 character limit) * Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief Thanks for your report!
× Like what you're reading? Never miss a thing with the HuffPost Canada Alberta newsletter! Newsletter may include personalized content. Learn more. View mobile site January 15, 2017 Huffpost Canada Alberta ca Edition: ca Show/Hide عربي (Arabic) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG MX México United Kingdom UK United States US Region: AB Show/Hide All Canada Alberta British Columbia Québec (en français) Follow Newsletters Get Canada AlbertaNewsletters Email address Enter Email Address iOS app Android app More Desktop Alerts $USERNAME Desktop Notifications Profile Settings Logout FRONT PAGE Politics Kevin O'Leary Suggests Selling Senate Seats 0 Go to Politics More in Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Salute Politics Videos You Might Also Like US Politics UK Politics Business Bizarre Glitches Have Some Convinced Russia Is Hacking U.S. Media 0 Go to Business More in Business Working Poor Joint Venture Sunny Freeman Business Videos You Might Also Like Tech TechCrunch WorldPost Major Powers Warn Trump Over Middle East Peace At Paris Meeting 0 Justin Trudeau Throws Some Grade-A Shade At Donald Trump 0 Archaeologists Discover New Possible Link To Anne Frank 0 Stores Are Pulling Nutella After Report Links It To Cancer 0 Iran Says It Will Not Renegotiate Nuclear Deal 0 Go to WorldPost More in WorldPost Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis You Might Also Like Travel Impact Parents Family Ties' Meredith Baxter Felt 'Unburdened' After Coming Out 0 Go to Parents More in Parents Apparently Parents Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Weddings Living Career Tips You Can Gain From Mastering Social Media 0 Go to Living More in Living 2 Minutes To Transform Apparently I'm Sold Canada Say it. Make it. Eat it. Like A Tourist Living Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Style 8 Style Hacks To Get You Through The Brutal Winter 0 Go to Style More in Style Style Videos Beauty Fashion Celeb Style Wedding Style Best And Worst Dressed Skincare You Might Also Like Style (U.S.) Weddings Entertainment Alec Baldwin's Trump Takes On Obamacare And Golden Showers On 'SNL' 0 Nicole Kidman Clarifies Her Controversial 'Support' For Donald Trump In New Interview 0 Zoe Saldana Thinks Hollywood 'Bullies' Won Trump The White House 0 Jennifer Holliday Won't Perform At Donald Trump's Inauguration After All 0 'Greatest Show On Earth' Shutting Down After 146 Years 0 Go to Entertainment You Might Also Like Music Celebrity TV Moviefone Arts Artist Turns Donald Trump’s Most Controversial Quotes Into Comic Book Covers 0 Richard Prince Protests Trumps By Claiming Work Ivanka Bought Is 'Fake' 0 Trump Protesters In New York Want To 'Help Ivanka Move' 0 The Story Of An Art Fair Whose Work Was Never Meant To Be Sold 0 Student Transforms College Rejection Letter Into Viral Work Of Art 0 Go to Arts You Might Also Like Books Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Religion Alberta Cheque Mailed To 'Vagina, SK' Miraculously Delivered To Regina 5 Go to Alberta More in Alberta Alberta Politics Alberta Business Rachel Notley Calgary Edmonton BC Grand Forks Hospital Staff Distraught After Man Shot Himself In ER: Union 0 Go to BC More in BC B.C. Politics B.C. Business B.C. Good News B.C. RCMP Vancouver Vancouver Housing You Might Also Like B.C.Videos All Sections News Canada Politics Canada Business US Politics US Business World Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Daily Finance Entertainment Entertainment Music TV Celebrity Comedy Arts Books Moviefone Life & Style Living Style Home Healthy Living Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce HuffPost 50 OWN Quiet Revolution Tech & Science Tech Science Green Techcrunch Engadget TUAW Joystiq Voices Impact Women Black Voices Latino Voices Queer Voices Religion College Teen Outspeak Local Quebec (French) Calgary Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Mapquest Patch.com Our Mobile Apps: iPhone iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Alberta Rachel Notley Alberta Politics Alberta Business Calgary Edmonton Scotland's Sunday Herald Hilariously Teases Trump Inauguration As 'Twilight Zone' Kevin O'Leary Suggests Selling Senate Seats How Many 'Pee Pee' Puns Can 'SNL' Make At Trump's Expense? Make Social Media Work For You Previous Story Next Story Walmart May Have Sold Food Contaminated By The Fort McMurray Fire CP  |  By The Canadian Press Posted: 01/13/2017 7:12 pm EST Updated: 01/13/2017 9:34 pm EST Share Tweet Email Comment tumblr reddit ADVERTISEMENT FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services is alleging that Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. In a statement today A-H-S says it believes that Walmart sold wildfire-contaminated food to the public and this was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community. Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, says the retailer is surprised by the charges. A file photo of a Walmart Supercentre in Ontario. (Photo: Lars Hagberg/The Canadian Press) He says Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures designed to ensure the safety of the food it offers its customers. Roberton says it worked very closely with food inspectors and the crisis management team in the city following the wildfire. The huge fire that broke out May 1st forced more than 80-thousand people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority says food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. Also on HuffPost: Close  Volunteer Firefighter Shares Inside Look At Fort McMurray Blaze of   Volunteer Ricky Vassberg took these incredible photos of the Fort McMurray fire in May 2016. The Edmonton resident helped support and deliver supplies to a fire hall as a massive wildfire swept through the northern Alberta community. Vassberg bought a trailer and filled it with supplies for firefighters. Vassberg, pictured next to equipment that was damaged during the fire. Firefighters fight a structure fire in Fort McMurray. Stopping a small patch of fire in the Fort McMurray area. The wildfire burns through a Fort McMurray neighbourhood. A vehicle destroyed by the blaze. Destroyed cars line the road in a Fort McMurray neighbourhood. Vassberg, pictured wearing donated equipment from local firefighters. His truck was damaged in the blaze. Vassberg's hand was injured while trying to clear furniture from a building that had been on fire. This dog, Max, was rescued from a building in the Fort McMurray neighbourhood of Abasand.  Share  Tweet  ✖ Advertisement Share this ✖ close Current Slide More: video walmart canada walmart canada fort mcmurray walmart canada contaminated food alberta health services fort mcmurray fort mcmurray fire walmart fort mcmurray walmart alberta Alberta business alberta video Suggest a correction   Click here to view Conversations Conversations Suggested For You FOLLOW HUFFPOST Email Email Address Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent Options HuffPost Daily Brief Alberta Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. Facebook HuffPost Alberta Twitter HuffPost Follow Alberta Follow Google Plus HuffPost Alberta RSS The Huffington Post Alberta All RSS / Feeds Phone Available on the App Store Android App on Google Play Get it at Blackberry App World advertise make HuffPost your home page RSS careers FAQ user agreement privacy policy comment policy about us about our ads contact us Archive Copyright ©2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 2017© Part of HPMG News Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Notify message * Required * * * What kind of error is this? Choose an option Factual or typographical Comment moderation problem Rights and permissions Other * What is the correction? 0 count Describe the error here (1,000 character limit) * Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief Thanks for your report!
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -1 °C A few clouds Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Event listings Jeff Dickins Award 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 57 minutes ago Mississauga veteran held in Ohio jail for crime he can’t remember Jason Lesko, who served in the U.S. military, cannot remember alleged crime... Latest News SEE MORE Multicultural mass celebrates Canada and faith Two richest Canadians have as much wealth as poorest 30 per cent: Report ‘Boots on the ground:’ More indigenous involvement urged in pipeline monitoring Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown Jan 13, 2017 Human connections give job seekers a leg up beyond LinkedIn and other electronic contacts While you might have to submit your resumé online, it's best to network,... Latest Business News SEE MORE McMaster Sports bankrupt, closing two stores Should Ivanka Trump be wearing Ivanka Trump? EPA: Fiat Chrysler used software to cheat on emissions tests LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 30 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports News SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 30 minutes ago Donald Duke, succumbs to old age almost exactly two years after the death of his identical twin, Oscar When his identical twin brother, Oscar Duke died in 2015 at age 102, it was... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Newsroom Insider Blogs Commenting Guidelines Jan 13, 2017 The Spectator's View: Argument for United Way merger is sound United Ways across Canada need to change and adapt to changing... Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Wellness Home and Garden Environment Small Business Week Jan 13, 2017 All Hamilton hospitals now open 24 hours to visitors St. Joseph’s Healthcare Hamilton has moved to 24-hour visitor hours. Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Signpost Hamilton employment agency now known as PeopleReady Thermostats: Insist on a set-back, programmable unit Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 21 hours ago Understand the risks of a later in life pregnancy Are you considering pregnancy after 35? Understand the issues for older... Latest Living Stories SEE MORE Teen finds herself an outcast Horoscopes Feminist protest sends Trump the evil eye Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca Treehouseâ€™s Splashâ€™N Boots discount: 30% | value: $20.00 | You Save: $6.00 Time Remaining: 6 Days Downsizing tips for seniors: How to choose what to take when moving to a retirement suite Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood Treehouseâ€™s Splashâ€™N Boots discount: 30% | value: $20.00 | You Save: $6.00 Time Remaining: 6 Days Enhance your deck with green decking products from Fairway Building Supply Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comments By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News Local Neighbours and a nightspot just can’t get along Snapshot Local City poised to ‘let the music play’ on Hamilton patios this summer Snapshot Canada Two richest Canadians have as much wealth as poorest 30 per cent: Report Snapshot Commentary DRESCHEL: LRT creates west end traffic concerns Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Local VIDEO: Cherry Cup Local VIDEO: Boris family donation brings new diagnostic technology to Hamilton Local Video: Elvis museum ArtsEntertainment Golden Globes red carpet The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Wynne gets cold shoulder from PM on hydro costs Police hunt for Burlington break-in suspects believed to be in Canada under fake names The day Lisa and Laura nearly died in a house fire Ian Thomas’s son injured in snowmobile accident Two Hamilton men charged in B.C. with conspiracy to commit murder In Your Neighbourhood Today Improving your dog’s senior years Any seasoned pet owner knows the importance of regular visits to the vet, especially when you have... Legal Matters: Receiving reimbursement for items damaged in an auto accident Question: I had personal property damaged and destroyed in a car accident. Can I obtain... Hungry sharks continue to educate, terrify and entertain us It is unlikely you will ever safely witness a shark feeding frenzy up close in the wild, but you... Burlington Hydro: Investing in people The 90 people currently employed fulltime at Burlington Hydro Inc., are among an enviable group... Raw green tripe: Why should you give it to your dog? When it's feeding time for your pet, tripe might not currently be a delicacy you offer, but... Is truck driving right for me? Truck driving can be a fun and rewarding career that can take you to many places in Canada and... Customers are at the heart of Stoney Creek auto repair facility FMC Truck, Auto & Marine Repair in Stoney Creek really delivers as a top-tier auto repair facility,... Commercial moving pros can relocate your business locally or overseas Dewitt Movers & Storage in Dundas is always on the move. If you’re looking for a commercial moving... Beautiful patios and walkways add special allure to landscaped yards Anderson’s Landscaping & Construction in Hamilton knows there’s something uplifting about homes... The outstanding benefits of upgrading to new garage doors Door Design Inc. in Burlington is fully expert with everything to do with garage doors, from new... What's it like to have a facelift, anyway? The answer to that question has changed over time. Facelift surgery has changed a lot over the past... Kick off the Holiday Season in The City The crisp December air, much like the last falling of the leaves, reminds us that the festive... Reverse osmosis water is the clear choice over bottled spring water Caledonia’s Neptune Water explains that the clearest looking water isn’t necessarily the... A spa treatment is the cure for the common pedicure and manicure The B4 ’n After Salon & Spa Group in Hamilton offers an array of professional salon and spa... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... Discover how the right insulation can make a difference in your home Insulation is an important part of every building, so why not get the best insulation out there for... Fleet managers, take note: Truck fleet maintenance services in Hamilton If you manage a fleet of heavy-duty trucks anywhere in Hamilton or the surrounding region, then... Visit Sterling Honda if you are in the market for a new or used vehicle When shopping for the best new or used Honda vehicles, Sterling Honda at 1495 Upper James Street in... Whether selling or staying, a new fence adds value to your home A fence built by Crispline Fence Systems in Hamilton is more than a practical way to add privacy... Roof repairs and installations are best left to professionals Perfect Touch Home Renovations is a leading name in complete home renovation services, delivering... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Up to 70% off at Boston Pizza $6 View Deal 92% off Prescription Eyeglasses $19 View Deal Ground Turkey - Bulk Packaged $18 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal A Large Pizza or a Family Feast $10 View Deal 50% off 10 lbs of Chicken Wings $30 View Deal Up to 80% off Microdermabrasion Treatments $24 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Two richest Canadians have as much wealth as poorest 30 per cent: Report Report points to wealth inequality in Canada ‘Boots on the ground:’ More indigenous involvement urged in pipeline monitoring Canada must remain nimble as it braces for Trump era: federal economic adviser PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Go Cooking Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -1 °C Partly cloudy Full Text Archive LIVE: Traffic, Weather & Road Conditions Report the news Newsletter Signup Home & Garden Contact Us Print Editions In Your Neighbourhood Milton Christmas Light Tour Milton mayor marks a milestone Hot Topics Newsletter Signup Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Crime Education Ontario Canada World 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Freezing rain on the way for Halton Baseball Basketball Football Golf High School Hockey Lacrosse Olympics Soccer University 16 minutes ago Harden's 12th triple-double helps Rockets end 2-game skid Harden's 12th triple-double helps Rockets end 2-game skid Latest Sports SEE MORE Moore lifts No. 9 Louisville to 63-59 win over No. 14 Miami High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity Daytripping 3 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Blogs Columns Editorial Letters Cartoon Jan 14, 2017 As election looms, how low can Kathleen Wynne go? Cohn Electricity has become Ontario’s political meme, drowning out any upbeat... Happy New Year VIEW MORE OPINION Small Business Week Community Guide Crowdfunding Environment Family Home and Garden Money Matters Pets and Animals Wellness 6 hours ago London museum uses 3D to bring history to life The same technology that allows gamers to battle opponents in distant lands... Community Stories SEE MORE Curtain to raise on Georgetown District High School's Word on the Street show Tuesday Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Georgetown Hospital seeking volunteers Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 58% off Twinkle Tots Classes discount: 58% | value: $189.00 | You Save: $110.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Oliva Carpet and Rug Cleaners treat your rugs with expert care Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood 58% off Twinkle Tots Classes discount: 58% | value: $189.00 | You Save: $110.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Choosing a home in the right neighbourhood for your family Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News Freezing rain on the way for Halton Snapshot News Stabbing outside Oakville bar: Did you see what happened? Snapshot Local Hamilton senior dead after Sunday morning crash Snapshot Crime Family finds Advil capsules in ice cream container Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos News Photographer Nikki Wesley's 2016 News Robin Davis Studio creates Old World Robots Photo Gallery 2016 Year in Photos - Graham Paine Sports Blades battle crosstown rivals Cougars The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Four from Mississauga charged following takedown at Burlington Starbucks Halton police seek man and woman who failed to remain at Oakville accident Police hunt for Burlington break-in suspects believed to be in Canada under fake names Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne greeted by protesters in Oakville Stabbing outside Oakville bar: Did you see what happened? In Your Neighbourhood Today Why is self-storage good for you? Self-storage is usually related to moving or renovating, but, as the staff at Storage Solutions... WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths Robo advisors have become a popular alternative to traditional financial advisors, and their... Abrams Towing and WreckMaster: The industry gold standard Within an organization such as Halton’s Abrams Towing, training of all staff, especially their... Milton self-storage in the winter It’s almost winter, and whether that means snow this year or not, it definitely means the... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... Do you snore? Anti-snore treatment is available If you snore, it will please you to know that Hopedale Dental Care in Oakville offers anti-snore... Dieting doesn't have to be all or nothing There are many diet programs out there that take a dive-right-in approach which requires you to cut... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... Regular maintenance by certified mechanics will save you money and extend the life of your car For more than three decades, the expert mechanics at Brian Taylor’s Automotive on Industrial Street... Downsizing tips for seniors: How to choose what to take when moving to a retirement suite While life in a senior living community can feel like a vacation — someone else cooks, cleans up,... Revitalize properties of any size with Paramount Landscaping Paramount Landscaping knows property management can be difficult, and that’s why they offer... ‘Gliding shelves’ transform cupboards, cabinets for ease of use Gliding shelves are sure to simplify your home lifestyle by making the contents of all cupboards,... Smile makeovers: How esthetic dentistry can give you a beautiful smile Smile makeovers have become an increasingly sought-after service in the dental profession, and, as... Don't worry about pool maintenance: Leave it to Cannonball Pools Regular pool maintenance is no longer a challenge when you get to know the staff at Cannonball... What you need to know before you buy that business The barristers and solicitors at Jeffrey L. Eason in Halton Hills will be the first to congratulate... Get a second opinion when it comes to your finances Y.I.S. Financial Inc. in Burlington, Ontario, knows that in order for a financial portfolio to be... How to troubleshoot problems with your garage door If your garage door is giving you trouble, call Door Design Inc. in Burlington for quick and... What is a convection microwave? Convection microwaves from Oakville Appliance Centre in Oakville, Ontario, take microwave... Oakville pull-out shelf company transforms homes with ‘gliding shelves’ Custom Gliding Shelves of Oakville has an excellent company profile as a pull-out shelf expert. If... Rejuvenate your space with Atlas Painting Serving southern Ontario since 1997, Hamilton’s Atlas Painting is the region’s trusted source for... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Up to 86% off a Microdermabrasion With Deep Cleansing Facial and Extractions $39 View Deal Up to 53% off House Cleaning Sessions $69 View Deal Ground Turkey - Bulk Packaged $18 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal A Large Pizza or a Family Feast $10 View Deal 50% off 10 lbs of Chicken Wings $30 View Deal 75% off Two Months of Yoga Classes $79 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ontarians with unpaid speeding tickets to be denied licence plates Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case Halton Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Commitment to Accessibility Commenting Guidelines Contact Us Content Removal Policy Corporate Sales Mobile Newsletter Signup Order a Photo Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Crowdfunding Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideToronto.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com Sachem.ca TheIFP.ca TheRecord.com TheSpec.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Jump to navigation Listen Live News Talk Sports Traffic  Walmart charged under Public Health Act over fire food: Alberta Health Services Previous Article Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward  Next Article By The Canadian Press January 13, 2017 - 5:32pm FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday.  "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email.  "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks."   The Canadian Press ©2017 The Canadian Press Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward Topics:  National Join the Discussion 650 CKOM is happy to provide a forum for commenting and discussion. Please respect and abide by the house rules: Keep it clean, keep it civil, keep it truthful, stay on topic, be responsible, share your knowledge, and please suggest removal of comments that violate these standards. See full commenting rules. View the discussion thread. Listen live News Talk Sports Traffic Weather Search Local Provincial National International All Topics RSS Feeds The Brent Loucks Show 6:00am 8:30am Gormley 8:30am 12:30pm Saskatoon Afternoon 4:00pm 6:00pm The Green Zone 6:00pm 7:00pm All Shows Schedule Podcasts On Demand Contests Events Adopt A Family Auction Insider The Green Zone Game Day with Wray Prime Time Sports Riders Local Provincial National Traffic Updates Highway Hotline Report a Pothole Latest Traffic Jan 13 Road Work For Friday Jan 12 Road Work For Thursday Jan 11 Road Work For Wednesday loading weather... © 650 CKOM . All Rights Reserved. Contact  //  Rss  //  Rules  //  ToS  //  Privacy
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Canada January 13, 2017 7:17 pm Updated: January 13, 2017 7:23 pm AHS: Walmart Canada sold food possibly tainted by Fort McMurray fire By Staff The Canadian Press The Fort McMurray wildfire was Global National's Top Story of 2016. Reid Fiest reports. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Alberta Health Services (AHS) is alleging that Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada has been charged with 174 violations of the province’s Public Health Act. Fort McMurray Wildfire, extreme warmth among Canada’s top weather stories 01:51 Fort McMurray Wildfire, extreme warmth among Canada’s top weather stories 01:24 Fort McMurray mental health needs 02:13 ‘The Beast’ is still burning east of Fort McMurray 01:49 Global crew remembers live TV report covering the Fort McMurray wildfire 02:12 Donations help families celebrate Christmas in Fort McMurray 02:02 Growing calls for second emergency evacuation route in Fort McMurray Story continues below In a statement today, AHS says it believes that Walmart sold wildfire-contaminated food to the public and this was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community. Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada’s senior director of corporate affairs, says the retailer is surprised by the charges. READ MORE: Fort McMurray wildfire: from the ashes rise stories of the rebuild He says Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures designed to ensure the safety of the food it offers its customers. Roberton says it worked very closely with food inspectors and the crisis management team in the city following the wildfire. Signage at a Walmart store is seen on Tuesday, May 3, 2016. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Ryan Remiorz The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80-thousand people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. READ MORE: Natural disasters smashed Canada insurance claims record in 2016: it’s only going to get worse Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority says food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Fort McMurray Fort McMurray fire Fort McMurray Wildfire Walmart Walmart Canada walmart canada food walmart canada food fort mcmurray walmart canada food fort mcmurray fire walmart food fort mcmurray fire walmart food fort mcmurray wildfire Editor's Picks Canada Fake news: A real-life Cruella de Vil didn't skin dozens of Texas cats Lifestyle Friday the 13th: Not as scary as it sounds Canada Why Justin Trudeau’s trip to the Aga Khan’s island matters Canada Will you be replaced by a robot? A look at what jobs are going to the bots Consumer No, you do not have to pay a 'settlement fee' if you get an illegal download notice Health Trump's support for anti-vaxxers could lead to deadly outbreaks, disease expert warns Consumer Best time to buy and when to fly to land cheap travel deals Canada Why is Canada's top diplomat, Chrystia Freeland, banned from Russia? Lifestyle How much does it cost to raise a kid in Canada? Features Are Canadians really as nice as the world insists? Politics Russian intel report: Where the information came from, what it says and lingering questions FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now No injuries after fire breaks out in Mexican resort popular among Canadians 298755 Twitter has discussed the idea of banning Donald Trump: report 68734 Why you should search for meaning instead of happiness this year 39398 Alec Baldwin returns as SNL 'rebroadcasts' Donald Trump's press conference 23119 NASA plans mission to a metal-rich asteroid worth quadrillions 21572 Sponsored content Popular Videos Sobbing woman confronts Justin Trudeau over the cost of her hydro bill WATCH NOW Tina Fey appears in Felicity Jones’ ‘SNL’ monologue as Princess Leia WATCH NOW Severe paralysis partially reversed in scientific breakthrough WATCH NOW Vulgar altercation caught on camera between two passengers on York Region Transit bus WATCH NOW One of the ten largest icebergs is poised to break away from Antarctica WATCH NOW Contests Global Edmonton – Today’s Contest Enter Now → Popular Now No injuries after fire breaks out in Mexican resort popular among Canadians 298755 Twitter has discussed the idea of banning Donald Trump: report 68734 Why you should search for meaning instead of happiness this year 39398 Alec Baldwin returns as SNL 'rebroadcasts' Donald Trump's press conference 23119 NASA plans mission to a metal-rich asteroid worth quadrillions 21572 Sponsored content Popular Videos Sobbing woman confronts Justin Trudeau over the cost of her hydro bill WATCH NOW Tina Fey appears in Felicity Jones’ ‘SNL’ monologue as Princess Leia WATCH NOW Severe paralysis partially reversed in scientific breakthrough WATCH NOW Vulgar altercation caught on camera between two passengers on York Region Transit bus WATCH NOW One of the ten largest icebergs is poised to break away from Antarctica WATCH NOW Contests Global Edmonton – Today’s Contest Enter Now → Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -3 °C A few clouds Full Text Archive Events Police and Fire In Your Neighbourhood Wellness Contact Us Business Listings In Your Neighbourhood Movies Walk-In Clinics Newsletter Signup Print Editions Advertise with us Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Police and Fire Ontario Canada World 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Man, 74, dead after horse-drawn buggy crash Baseball Basketball Football Hockey Soccer Olympics 30 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity 3 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Columns Editorial Jan 14, 2017 Watching the full circle Over the course of my working career I’ve found myself categorized as... Jan 14, 2017 Dreaming after death loss During counselling sessions, and in general conversations, I have heard... Small Business Week Environment Family Home and Garden Money Matters Wellness 13 hours ago Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Still reeling from a rough 2016? Tips for moving forward in the new year Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Manitoba chiefs continue Enbridge fight Flu cases rising as virus moves cross-country Are Canadians really as nice as the world insists? Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 50% off a Cemetery Monument or Accessories discount: 50% | value: $500.00 | You Save: $250.00 Time Remaining: 44 Days Food fight: 5 ways smart shoppers battle rising food costs Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Up to 50% off a Cemetery Monument or Accessories discount: 50% | value: $500.00 | You Save: $250.00 Time Remaining: 44 Days ALL ABOUT THE FLU: How do I know if I have H1N1? Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News St. Thomas dancers accepted to National Ballet School Snapshot News Yurek to host trio of Ontario budget consultations Snapshot News Android users get their hands on Elgin library app Snapshot News Flood watch issued for Catfish Creek Watershed Snapshot The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE St. Thomas dancers accepted to National Ballet School Uncorked offers a taste of the world’s finest vintages Android users get their hands on Elgin library app Yurek to host trio of Ontario budget consultations Speeding scofflaws to be denied licence plates In Your Neighbourhood Today Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... 5 ideas for growing your business There are a number of ways to boost your business through effective marketing and offering unique... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology For many Canadians, cash is no longer king. Increasingly, consumers are choosing the ease,... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Winter is coming, and Ontario municipalities are ready for it! Snow plows are standing by, plow... Adequate startup cash is essential for a successful business venture You know the old saying — it takes money to make money. This principle still holds true today if... 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition When it comes to running a successful business venture, there's more to it than keeping an eye on... WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths Robo advisors have become a popular alternative to traditional financial advisors, and their... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Up to 50% off a Cemetery Monument or Accessories $250 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them New trial begins in 1984 killing of girl PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case The Weekly News Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Join our Team Mobile Newsletter Sign-Up Order a Photo Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca GuelphMercuryTribune.com KitchenerPost.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca NorfolkNews.ca OurLondon.ca OurPerth.ca OurWindsor.ca Sachem.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca TheRecord.com TheSpec.com WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 15th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Walmart charged under Public Health Act over fire food: Alberta Health Services Poll Do you agree with the Supreme Court decision that Alberta’s energy regulator has immunity from being sued? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By The Canadian Press on January 13, 2017. FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. – Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province’s Public Health Act. “Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public,” AHS said in a statement Friday. “This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community.” Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada’s senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. “Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers,” Roberton said in an email. “We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community.” He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn’t received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. “Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks.” 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... Walmart sold food possibly contaminated by wildfire: AHS Local News Wildfire and Recovery by The Canadian Press Posted Jan 13, 2017 5:02 pm MST SUPPLIED: Outside of Walmart store. THE CANADIAN PRESS. FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province’s Public Health Act. “Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public,” AHS said in a statement Friday. “This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community.” Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada’s senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. “Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers,” Roberton said in an email. “We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community.” He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn’t received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. “Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks.” #ymm|RMWB|walmart|wildfire Next Story Movie Trailers January 13, 2017 to January 19, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray   Monster Trucks (PG) 3D 10:10pm Live By Night (14A) 3:30pm / 6:30pm / 10:00pm Underworld: Blood Wars 3D 9:40pm 3:45pm / 6:15pm Sing (G) 3:15pm / 6:00pm / 9:30pm Why Him? (14A) 4:15pm / 7:00pm / 10:20pm Rogue One (PG) 3D 9:50pm 3:00pm / 6:45pm     660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL At inaugural rehearsal, Trump sub sports military haircut Jan 15, 2017, 5:24 PM New program aims to improve pipeline monitoring and spill response by enlisting more indigenous help Jan 15, 2017, 3:56 PM Trade-It-Up hits CrossIron Mills for Make-A-Wish Foundation drive Jan 15, 2017, 3:49 PM RCMP Deputy Commissioner rides off into the sunset after 35 year career Jan 15, 2017, 3:47 PM Canada must remain nimble as it braces for Trump era: feds’ economic adviser Jan 15, 2017, 2:49 PM Pope demands protection for migrants as sea search continues Jan 15, 2017, 2:32 PM 'Boots on the ground:' More indigenous involvement urged in pipeline monitoring Jan 15, 2017, 8:00 AM Assaults soar in Newfoundland's Dickens-era jail: 'It's a tinderbox' Jan 15, 2017, 8:00 AM Family of girl killed in 1984 prepares for the emotions of another trial Jan 15, 2017, 8:00 AM Experts question whether tougher sentences deter drunk driving Jan 15, 2017, 7:00 AM Reconciliation more than land acknowledgments, Aboriginal groups say Jan 14, 2017, 7:40 AM No winning ticket for Friday night's $34.8 million Lotto Max jackpot Jan 13, 2017, 11:09 PM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Five things to watch for in the Canadian business world in the coming week Jan 15, 2017, 8:00 AM Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks Jan 15, 2017, 6:47 AM Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Jan 14, 2017, 8:26 PM SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion in Florida Jan 14, 2017, 11:37 AM The Latest: SpaceX launch places satellites in orbit Jan 14, 2017, 11:23 AM Raptors continue to prove why they’re the anti-Knicks Just moments ago How Jeff Petry has become the Canadiens’ most important defenceman Jan 15, 2017, 3:39 PM Big Read: The evolution of Eugenie Bouchard Jan 15, 2017, 10:59 AM Capitals take 1st place in NHL with blowout win over Flyers Jan 15, 2017, 4:42 PM Blue Jays’ Russell Martin expected to play shortstop at WBC Jan 15, 2017, 1:59 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Milan fashion houses seek out their roots in new collections Jan 15, 2017, 7:44 AM Kidman says comments about Trump support weren't endorsement Jan 14, 2017, 5:00 PM NY mayor, celebs due at pre-inauguration Trump demonstration Jan 14, 2017, 2:57 PM 'Sherlock' season finale leaks online 1 day before premiere Jan 14, 2017, 10:35 AM 2 years after the hack, Sony CEO Lynton exits for Snap Inc. Jan 14, 2017, 5:26 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | 0 °C Mainly cloudy Full Text Archive uReport the news Newsletter sign-up Submit an Event Hot Topics Home Improvement Resource Centre In Your Neighbourhood Digital Editions Home Delivery Be a Carrier Family Caregiver Show 2017 Enjoy Toronto Arts Local Ads Readers' Choice Contests Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Business City Hall Crime Education Roads and Transit Technology Ontario Canada World uReport 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Freezing rain coming to Toronto Monday night Baseball Basketball Football Hockey Soccer Olympics uReport 15 minutes ago Harden's 12th triple-double helps Rockets end 2-game skid Harden's 12th triple-double helps Rockets end 2-game skid Latest Sports SEE MORE Moore lifts No. 9 Louisville to 63-59 win over No. 14 Miami High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog Arts and Entertainment Celebrity Contests Enjoy Toronto Events Lists Movies Music Television Toronto history uReport 3 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Blogs Cartoon Columns Editorial Letters Jan 14, 2017 Opinion: After anti-abortion ads on buses, what’s next?: Mallick Be prepared for U.S.-style misogyny to creep into Canada. Hateful messages... Patrick LaMontagne for Nov. 17 VIEW MORE OPINION Small Business Week Abode Magazine Canada 150 Environment Family Food Home and Garden Money Matters Pets and Animals Wellness uReport 13 hours ago Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Still reeling from a rough 2016? Tips for moving forward in the new year Community Stories SEE MORE Author visit, electronic recycling events coming to Annette Library CAMH study finds possible chemical link between migration and psychosis Province to ‘carefully review’ tests showing tainted soil upstream from Grassy Narrows Announcements Autos Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds UsedToronto.com 50% off a Pet Car Barrier discount: 50% | value: $20.00 | You Save: $10.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Sherway Vision Centre Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Deals Coupons Flyers Business Listings Home Improvement Resource Centre 50% off a Pet Car Barrier discount: 50% | value: $20.00 | You Save: $10.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Inclusive sport: fun for everyone Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News Freezing rain coming to Toronto Monday night Snapshot News Toronto police searching for missing 12-year-old boy Snapshot Council East Toronto councillor seeks improved safety measures at EDM parties Snapshot Crime Man wanted for stealing more than $100,000 in goods from Toronto business Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos WoodGreen's Meals on Wheels Christmas Day delivery Winter swimmers Photo Gallery Rotary Etobicoke hockey equipment drive sort Photo Gallery ParticipACTION Play List The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Two people sought in thefts from Forest Hill synagogue Toronto police searching for missing woman last seen in north Etobicoke Toronto police arrest man in Leslieville drug store robbery Man wanted for stealing more than $100,000 in goods from Toronto business UPDATE: Elderly woman killed in smoky North York fire In Your Neighbourhood Today Top 10 places to indulge in chocolate cake Toronto's Menu Palace not only finds the best places for breakfast, lunch and dinner in the city,... Factor in the cost of moving when shopping for real estate When you see the price of a piece of Toronto real estate you're interested in, you're not seeing... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... Be careful when giving décor as a gift Beauty, as they say, is in the eye of the beholder. While this may be an old adage, that doesn’t... Downsizing tips for seniors: How to choose what to take when moving to a retirement suite While life in a senior living community can feel like a vacation — someone else cooks, cleans up,... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths Robo advisors have become a popular alternative to traditional financial advisors, and their... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... How can I Stop Renting and Buy with Zero Down Payment? How to purchase a house with cash back mortgage + get money for renovations? Let’s first start... Adequate startup cash is essential for a successful business venture You know the old saying — it takes money to make money. This principle still holds true today if... Towing company goes the extra mile to help those in need Abrams Towing in Toronto knows there are emergencies that it can lend a hand with that don't take... Top 10 places to twirl spaghetti If you are connected to the internet, you are connected to Toronto's Menu Palace, the go to site to... Things to consider when buying a new bathtub When shopping around for a new bathtub to complete your bathroom reno, improve accessibility, or... Jaguar wins the race with grace, space and pace After more than eight decades Jaguar remains in the upper echelon of automotive design, and the... Boost your home's curb appeal in 5 easy steps Iwona Ward of Royal LePage Real Estate Services in Toronto knows first impressions are very... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Trust the maintenance of your Jaguar to an independent shop that shares your passion There are very few car aficionados with the passion of Jaguar owners, so it only makes sense that... Don’t forget about these 2 winter tasks! Winter is here. It’s cold and icy, snowy and windy, which may have reminded you of some winter... Top 10 places to celebrate International Bacon Day The next time you are left in charge of deciding where to eat, turn to Toronto's Menu Palace for... Bringing back memories with music Concerts and sing-alongs are music to seniors’ ears. They’re great for the memory and have the... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Up to 42% off Toronto Cruises $33 View Deal Ground Turkey - Bulk Packaged $18 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal 41% off a Boat Cruise $18 View Deal A Large Pizza or a Family Feast $10 View Deal 50% off 10 lbs of Chicken Wings $30 View Deal 65% off an Escape Room Experience $23 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them New trial begins in 1984 killing of girl PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case Metroland Media Toronto About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertising Media Kit Buy a Photo Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Company Directory Contact Us Mobile Newsletter Press Releases Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Submit A Story Terms of Use Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com CaledonEnterprise.com DurhamRegion.com FlamboroughReview.com HamiltonNews.com InsideBelleville.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com MuskokaRegion.com MyKawartha.com NorthBayNipissing.com NorthumberlandNews.com Orangeville.com ParrySound.com Simcoe.com SouthAsianFocus.ca TheIFP.ca TheSpec.com YorkRegion.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Daily Newspapers Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -12 °C A few clouds Full Text Archive Events - Submit Now Newsletter SignUp Submit a Story Wellness Erica Wiebe Hot Topics Contact Us Business Listings In Your Neighbourhood Local Ads Movies Print Editions Photos Videos Ottawa Region Walk-In Clinics Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs City Hall Ontario Canada World 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Cold temperatures don't stop skaters from showing up for canal opening Baseball Basketball Golf Football 3 Down Nation Hockey Olympics Soccer 17 minutes ago Harden's 12th triple-double helps Rockets end 2-game skid Harden's 12th triple-double helps Rockets end 2-game skid Latest Sports SEE MORE Moore lifts No. 9 Louisville to 63-59 win over No. 14 Miami High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity 3 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Blogs Cartoon Columns Columnists Editorial Letters Jan 06, 2017 The balance of nature never was When I was young I was taught nature exists in a state of equilibrium —... Cartoon - NEASE - Brooke VIEW MORE OPINION Back-to-school Environment Family Home and Garden Money Matters Wellness 13 hours ago Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Still reeling from a rough 2016? Tips for moving forward in the new year Community Stories SEE MORE Manitoba chiefs continue Enbridge fight Flu cases rising as virus moves cross-country Are Canadians really as nice as the world insists? Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Up to 71% off a Scavenger Hunt discount: 57% | value: $52.00 | You Save: $29.00 Time Remaining: 7 Days How to safely boost a battery? Call Abrams Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Up to 71% off a Scavenger Hunt discount: 57% | value: $52.00 | You Save: $29.00 Time Remaining: 7 Days HEART HEALTH: 4 basic heart attack facts everyone should know Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News Algonquin College, Perley Rideau partner to create off-campus classroom Snapshot News CUPE says cuts to hospital budgets puts patients at risk Snapshot News PM kicks off cross-country tour in Manotick Snapshot News Keys to CHEO Dream Home turned over to Carleton Place resident Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos National Research Council of Canada Trudeau says ISIL mission, Keystone came up in chat with Obama Photo Gallery Off-campus classroom Photo Gallery Prime Minister visits Manotick The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Keys to CHEO Dream Home turned over to Carleton Place resident Winterlude 2017 focuses on celebrating Ottawa, Canada Nancy Therrien continues to battle cancer OC Transpo update: Many residents frustrated with changes to bus service John Brummell retires from community journalism In Your Neighbourhood Today How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition When it comes to running a successful business venture, there's more to it than keeping an eye on... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... Towing company works with MADD Ottawa to reduce impaired driving At Abrams Towing in Ottawa, they know that accidents happen on the road, but they also know that... Tips to stay safe after a car accident or breakdown Abrams Towing Services in Ottawa assumes that no one ever really wants to have to avail themselves... WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths Robo advisors have become a popular alternative to traditional financial advisors, and their... 5 ideas for growing your business There are a number of ways to boost your business through effective marketing and offering unique... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology For many Canadians, cash is no longer king. Increasingly, consumers are choosing the ease,... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... Downsizing tips for seniors: How to choose what to take when moving to a retirement suite While life in a senior living community can feel like a vacation — someone else cooks, cleans up,... Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... Bringing back memories with music Concerts and sing-alongs are music to seniors’ ears. They’re great for the memory and have the... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Adequate startup cash is essential for a successful business venture You know the old saying — it takes money to make money. This principle still holds true today if... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Ground Turkey - Bulk Packaged $18 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal 50% off 10 lbs of Chicken Wings $30 View Deal 75% off Bulk Packaged Ground Chicken $18 View Deal 50% off Electronics $250 View Deal Turkey Breakfast Sausages $30 View Deal 45% off Beef Back Ribs $55 View Deal 42% off Ground Beef $35 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them New trial begins in 1984 killing of girl PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case Ottawa Community News Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Buy a photo Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Mobile Newsletter Sign-Up Print Editions Site Map Staff Directory Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites DurhamRegion.com InsideBelleville.com InsideBrockville.com InsideOttawaValley.com KingstonRegion.com MyKawartha.com NorthumberlandNews.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -1 °C Partly cloudy Full Text Archive SPECIAL REPORT: Health code violators uReport Newsletter Sign-Up Events Contests Hot Topics Ask The Expert In Your Neighbourhood Print Editions GoodLife Magazine The Business Times Blogs 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Home Improvement Resource Centre Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Business City Hall Crime Education Peel Region Roads and Transit Ontario Canada World uReport 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Parents question Pupil Accommodation Review in south Mississauga Baseball Basketball Beast Football Hockey Soccer Steelheads Olympics uReport 16 minutes ago Harden's 12th triple-double helps Rockets end 2-game skid Harden's 12th triple-double helps Rockets end 2-game skid Latest Sports News SEE MORE Moore lifts No. 9 Louisville to 63-59 win over No. 14 Miami High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Celebrity Contests Events Lists Movies Music Television uReport 3 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Blogs Cartoon Columns Editorial Letters Jan 14, 2017 Opinion: After anti-abortion ads on buses, what’s next?: Mallick Be prepared for U.S.-style misogyny to creep into Canada. Hateful messages... NEASE (Sticker Shock) VIEW MORE OPINION Small Business Week Canada 150 Environment Family Home and Garden Money Matters Pets & Animals Wellness uReport 13 hours ago Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Still reeling from a rough 2016? Tips for moving forward in the new year Latest Stories SEE MORE CAMH study finds possible chemical link between migration and psychosis Province to ‘carefully review’ tests showing tainted soil upstream from Grassy Narrows Mississauga’s Dixie & Dundas Value Village relocated Family Food Home Style Travel Jan 12, 2017 Tilley bets on expansion, banks on toques Tilley Endurables wants to woo younger customers with new toques, baseball... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Enter to win tickets to the Suhaag Show, North America's largest South Asian Bridal and Fashion Event When men kill their partners, warning signs often missed A parade of pinks on the Golden Globes red carpet Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals YourClassifieds.ca Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 Up to 28% off Tickets to See Raptors 905 discount: 44% | value: $17.00 | You Save: $7.00 Time Remaining: 6 Days 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Deals Coupons Flyers Business Listing 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Home Improvement Resource Centre Up to 28% off Tickets to See Raptors 905 discount: 44% | value: $17.00 | You Save: $7.00 Time Remaining: 6 Days How to get your house back to school ready! Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comments By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News Crime Mississauga barber robbed at gunpoint, bandit takes juice box Snapshot News UPDATE: Mississauga fire victim named Snapshot News UPDATE: Minor damage in small fire at Peel police HQ Snapshot Crime Fire crews investigate smell of smoke at police HQ Snapshot The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Toronto police close 1983 High Park cold case murder Armed man flees Mississauga store with nothing after failed robbery Brampton driver dead after car slams into pole on Clark Boulevard Mississauga teens charged in gunpoint robbery spree Mississauga woman wins jackpot, to help kids buy houses In Your Neighbourhood Today Automotive basics: Your vehicle’s transmission – what it is and what it does Precise Transmission in Mississauga appreciates that not everyone has an understanding of their... Top 10 places to indulge in chocolate cake Toronto's Menu Palace not only finds the best places for breakfast, lunch and dinner in the city,... How to Choose an Area Rug There’s nothing better than taking your beautifully decorated home and adding an extra layer of... Top 10 places to twirl spaghetti If you are connected to the internet, you are connected to Toronto's Menu Palace, the go to site to... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Winter is coming, and Ontario municipalities are ready for it! Snow plows are standing by, plow... Bringing back memories with music Concerts and sing-alongs are music to seniors’ ears. They’re great for the memory and have the... The Pros and Cons of Electric Fireplaces There are so many options when it comes to adding a fireplace to your home these days. From... Latest Sam Mizrahi building replaces Hakim Optical with architectural marvel When it comes to neighbourhoods imbued with the mercurial ability to reinvent and reimagine... 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition When it comes to running a successful business venture, there's more to it than keeping an eye on... Kick off the Holiday Season in The City The crisp December air, much like the last falling of the leaves, reminds us that the festive... Top nine pancake houses in the city Toronto's Menu Palace has checked out all of the dining establishments in the city, doing all of... Second mortgages in Mississauga from private lenders Second mortgages are mortgages that are placed on properties with existing first mortgages, and are... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... Sleep dentistry puts dental patients at ease Dentistry in Streetsville provides a full range of dental services to people in Mississauga,... Celebrate Canada’s game in Toronto If you’re a hockey fan, Toronto is the place to be. Not only is the city home to the Original Six... Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... Downsizing tips for seniors: How to choose what to take when moving to a retirement suite While life in a senior living community can feel like a vacation — someone else cooks, cleans up,... Buying a condo? A lawyer can clarify your rights, responsibilities Andrew Sheremeta, BA, LLB, in Oakville, Ontario, has been providing experienced and expert legal... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Paint and Cocktails $25 View Deal Up to 93% off Prescription Eyewear $19 View Deal Up to 51% off Seafood and Drinks $24 View Deal 50% off Homemade Italian Food $15 View Deal 83% off a Facial and Massage $25 View Deal Ground Turkey - Bulk Packaged $18 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them New trial begins in 1984 killing of girl PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case Mississauga Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Become a Carrier Charity Listings Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Guide to Mississauga Mobile Newsletter Sign-up Order a Photo Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com CaledonEnterprise.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com InsideToronto.com MuskokaRegion.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorthBayNipissing.com Orangeville.com ParrySound.com Simcoe.com SouthAsianFocus.ca TheIFP.ca TheSpec.com YorkRegion.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Accessibility/Mobile Features Skip Navigation Skip to Content January 15, 2017 Login | Register | RSS Feeds Hi | Logout | RSS Feeds SEARCH | Advanced Search | e-Edition Search full site Search local only Editorial News News| Local News | Westman this Week | Sun Weekend | Calendars || National News | World News || Manitoba Election Sports| Local Sports | Wheat Kings | High School || Hockey | Curling | Baseball | Basketball | Football | Golf | Post-Secondary | Other Sports Opinion|| Columnists | Letters to the Editor | Sound Off | Send a letter to the Editor | Submit a Sound Off | Submit a News Tip Entertainment| Local TV | Local Movies Lifestyles|   Business|   Agriculture||   Multimedia| Point of View | Special Features | Sun Snaps SUBSCRIBE   Classified Sites Careers Obituaries Classifieds eTearsheet Instructions You are here: Brandon Sun > National > National Breaking News > Walmart charged under Public Health Act over fire food: Alberta Health Services National Breaking News The Canadian Press - ONLINE EDITION Walmart charged under Public Health Act over fire food: Alberta Health Services By: The Canadian Press Friday, Jan. 13, 2017 at 5:34 PM | Comments: 0 Print E–mail Tweet Report Error FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. - Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." Print E–mail Tweet Report Error Rate this This article has not yet been rated. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. If you thought it was well written, do the same. If it doesn’t meet your standards, mark it accordingly. You can also register and/or login to the site and join the conversation by leaving a comment. Rate it yourself by rolling over the stars and clicking when you reach your desired rating. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. Sort by: Newest to Oldest | Oldest to Newest | Most Popular 0 Comments You can comment on most stories on brandonsun.com. You can also agree or disagree with other comments. All you need to do is register and/or login and you can join the conversation and give your feedback. There are no comments at the moment. Be the first to post a comment below. Post Your Comment Error The following error(s) occurred: You forgot to fill in the comment box. confirm comment The following is the comment that you have written. If you like what you have written, select the submit button and the comment will be sent to the Brandon Sun. If you would like to go back and edit your comment, select the edit button. Comment You have characters left The Brandon Sun does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. Comments are moderated before publication. By submitting your comment, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. New to commenting? Check out our Frequently Asked Questions. Back to Top Return to National Breaking News Make text: Larger | Smaller Social Media Most Popular Most Views Most Comments Most Emails Today | Week | Month Meadows School's Nancy Miller remembered for passion for teaching, arts Brandon police searching for missing person Man's death following interaction with BPS investigated Woman given suspended sentence for defrauding employer Brandon nurse making a difference in Africa ACC names alumni award recipients Tundra CEO, Westman reeves upbeat about oil industry in 2017 Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs' pipeline fight irks Birdtail chief IIU probes man's death in Brandon hotel room Enthusiasm builds for East Brandon Industrial Area Two years house arrest for fatal crash Man's death following interaction with BPS investigated Meadows School's Nancy Miller remembered for passion for teaching, arts Deloraine-Winchester residents get lawyer to stop recreation complex project Deer population could be in jeopardy Minnedosa hit with financial shock over ethanol plant property reassessment Hockey has been good to Plante and his family 'Family friend' gets 10 months in jail for molesting teen girl in tent Elphinstone man faces assault, threat charges Hawrysh's season on the track comes to an early end Brandon mom was 'kind to everyone' Two years house arrest for fatal crash Police investigate suspicious death at Brandon apartment complex Man's death following interaction with BPS investigated Flights, taxis grounded as winter storm wallops Westman MPI pulls adjusters from 20 small towns Brandon woman granted leave after spending 84 days in hospital Meadows School's Nancy Miller remembered for passion for teaching, arts Tight bond with Coulters helped Stone in Brandon Jail records suggest teen not offered prescribed medication before hanging herself Today | Week | Month Minnedosa hit with financial shock over ethanol plant property reassessment Pallister provides chance to ponder poverty solutions Committee wants $110K to restore stone fence Minnedosa hit with financial shock over ethanol plant property reassessment If they took a holiday … so what? Mixed reaction locally for news of MTS sale City eyes 2.95% tax hike Minimum wage hikes don't reduce poverty, Pallister says Police stop alleged drug trafficking Resolution raises some serious questions for municipalities Police scoff at Brandonite 'finding' drugs Heed cigarette lessons for pot Pallister provides chance to ponder poverty solutions Committee wants $110K to restore stone fence Today | Week | Month Cadets have rich history in Brandon Shoplifting spree shows 'traumatic impact' of crystal meth addiction Deloraine-Winchester residents get lawyer to stop recreation complex project Cadets have rich history in Brandon New subdivision planned for south end 911 centre marks 20 years Retiring BU faculty members start scholarship Shoplifting spree shows 'traumatic impact' of crystal meth addiction Meadows School's Nancy Miller remembered for passion for teaching, arts Canvas for a Cause charity auction painting captures festive season MPI pulls adjusters from 20 small towns Thanks for help at airport Deloraine-Winchester residents get lawyer to stop recreation complex project New lab gives ACC nursing students hands-on preparation for medical crises Group looks to bring soybean plant to region Man charged after allegedly locking ex in room and sexually assaulting her Bale home near Onanole could be game-changer Expired plates leads to impaired driving charge Patrick closing in on return to Brandon lineup Online: Contact Us | Photo Store | RSS Feeds Newspaper: Newspapers In Education (NIE) | Help/FAQ | Fund Raising | Press Pass Advertise: Rates | Media Guide | Online Ads Demo Legal: Privacy Policy | Access To Information | FP Newspapers Inc. © 2017 Brandon Sun. All Rights Reserved.
Accessibility/Mobile Features Skip Navigation Skip to Content January 15, 2017 Login | Register | RSS Feeds Hi | Logout | RSS Feeds SEARCH | Advanced Search | e-Edition Search full site Search local only Editorial News News| Local News | Westman this Week | Sun Weekend | Calendars || National News | World News || Manitoba Election Sports| Local Sports | Wheat Kings | High School || Hockey | Curling | Baseball | Basketball | Football | Golf | Post-Secondary | Other Sports Opinion|| Columnists | Letters to the Editor | Sound Off | Send a letter to the Editor | Submit a Sound Off | Submit a News Tip Entertainment Local TV | Local Movies Lifestyles   Business|   Agriculture||   Multimedia| Point of View | Special Features | Sun Snaps SUBSCRIBE   Classified Sites Careers Obituaries Classifieds eTearsheet Instructions You are here: Brandon Sun > Lifestyles > Lifestyles Breaking News > Walmart charged under Public Health Act over fire food: Alberta Health Services Lifestyles Breaking News The Canadian Press - ONLINE EDITION Walmart charged under Public Health Act over fire food: Alberta Health Services By: The Canadian Press Friday, Jan. 13, 2017 at 5:34 PM | Comments: 0 Print E–mail Tweet Report Error FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. - Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." Print E–mail Tweet Report Error Rate this This article has not yet been rated. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. If you thought it was well written, do the same. If it doesn’t meet your standards, mark it accordingly. You can also register and/or login to the site and join the conversation by leaving a comment. Rate it yourself by rolling over the stars and clicking when you reach your desired rating. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. Sort by: Newest to Oldest | Oldest to Newest | Most Popular 0 Comments You can comment on most stories on brandonsun.com. You can also agree or disagree with other comments. All you need to do is register and/or login and you can join the conversation and give your feedback. There are no comments at the moment. Be the first to post a comment below. Post Your Comment Error The following error(s) occurred: You forgot to fill in the comment box. confirm comment The following is the comment that you have written. If you like what you have written, select the submit button and the comment will be sent to the Brandon Sun. If you would like to go back and edit your comment, select the edit button. Comment You have characters left The Brandon Sun does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. Comments are moderated before publication. By submitting your comment, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. New to commenting? Check out our Frequently Asked Questions. Back to Top Return to Lifestyles Breaking News Make text: Larger | Smaller Social Media Most Popular Most Views Most Comments Most Emails Today | Week | Month Meadows School's Nancy Miller remembered for passion for teaching, arts Brandon police searching for missing person Man's death following interaction with BPS investigated Woman given suspended sentence for defrauding employer Brandon nurse making a difference in Africa ACC names alumni award recipients Tundra CEO, Westman reeves upbeat about oil industry in 2017 Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs' pipeline fight irks Birdtail chief IIU probes man's death in Brandon hotel room Enthusiasm builds for East Brandon Industrial Area Two years house arrest for fatal crash Man's death following interaction with BPS investigated Meadows School's Nancy Miller remembered for passion for teaching, arts Deloraine-Winchester residents get lawyer to stop recreation complex project Deer population could be in jeopardy Minnedosa hit with financial shock over ethanol plant property reassessment Hockey has been good to Plante and his family 'Family friend' gets 10 months in jail for molesting teen girl in tent Elphinstone man faces assault, threat charges Hawrysh's season on the track comes to an early end Brandon mom was 'kind to everyone' Two years house arrest for fatal crash Police investigate suspicious death at Brandon apartment complex Man's death following interaction with BPS investigated Flights, taxis grounded as winter storm wallops Westman MPI pulls adjusters from 20 small towns Brandon woman granted leave after spending 84 days in hospital Meadows School's Nancy Miller remembered for passion for teaching, arts Tight bond with Coulters helped Stone in Brandon Jail records suggest teen not offered prescribed medication before hanging herself Today | Week | Month Minnedosa hit with financial shock over ethanol plant property reassessment Pallister provides chance to ponder poverty solutions Committee wants $110K to restore stone fence Minnedosa hit with financial shock over ethanol plant property reassessment If they took a holiday … so what? Mixed reaction locally for news of MTS sale City eyes 2.95% tax hike Minimum wage hikes don't reduce poverty, Pallister says Police stop alleged drug trafficking Resolution raises some serious questions for municipalities Police scoff at Brandonite 'finding' drugs Heed cigarette lessons for pot Pallister provides chance to ponder poverty solutions Committee wants $110K to restore stone fence Today | Week | Month Cadets have rich history in Brandon Shoplifting spree shows 'traumatic impact' of crystal meth addiction Deloraine-Winchester residents get lawyer to stop recreation complex project Cadets have rich history in Brandon New subdivision planned for south end 911 centre marks 20 years Retiring BU faculty members start scholarship Shoplifting spree shows 'traumatic impact' of crystal meth addiction Meadows School's Nancy Miller remembered for passion for teaching, arts Canvas for a Cause charity auction painting captures festive season MPI pulls adjusters from 20 small towns Thanks for help at airport Deloraine-Winchester residents get lawyer to stop recreation complex project New lab gives ACC nursing students hands-on preparation for medical crises Group looks to bring soybean plant to region Man charged after allegedly locking ex in room and sexually assaulting her Bale home near Onanole could be game-changer Expired plates leads to impaired driving charge Patrick closing in on return to Brandon lineup Online: Contact Us | Photo Store | RSS Feeds Newspaper: Newspapers In Education (NIE) | Help/FAQ | Fund Raising | Press Pass Advertise: Rates | Media Guide | Online Ads Demo Legal: Privacy Policy | Access To Information | FP Newspapers Inc. © 2017 Brandon Sun. All Rights Reserved.
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -2 °C Overcast Full Text Archive uReport Newsletter Sign-up Submit an event Contests Crossword Walk-in Clinics Traffic Conditions Bus Cancellations In Your Neighbourhood Digital Print Editions Contact Us Events GoodLife MBM Shows Routes Available Local Ads Delivery Questions Home Improvement Resource Centre Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Business Crime Council Education Roads & Transit Ontario Canada World uReport 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Bowlers’ donation will help homeless in Midland Baseball Basketball Curling Football Golf Hockey Soccer Olympics uReport 25 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Celebrity Contests Events Lists Movies Music Television uReport 2 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Letters Cartoon Columns Blogs Editorial Jan 12, 2017 The NHL’s Olympic conundrum MEAFORD — There is still time for a deal to be made, but at this point it... Cartoon - NEASE - Castro VIEW MORE OPINION Small Business Week Canada 150 Environment Family Food Home and Garden Money Matters Obituaries Pets and Animals Wellness uReport 13 hours ago Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Still reeling from a rough 2016? Tips for moving forward in the new year Latest Community SEE MORE Tourney held in memory of Jerry 'Bucky' Udell supports Orillia hospital Discover new skating trail at Penetanguishine historic site Shoppers Drug Mart in Penetanguishene supports Wendat seniors residence Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 64% off CrossFit Classes discount: 64% | value: $108.00 | You Save: $69.00 Time Remaining: 10 Days Appliance innovation Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Deals Coupons Flyers Business Directory Save.ca Home Improvement Resource Centre Up to 64% off CrossFit Classes discount: 64% | value: $108.00 | You Save: $69.00 Time Remaining: 10 Days Hassle-free payday loans and more Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News WhatsOn Alliston’s Gibson Centre holding Taste of the Arts event Jan. 28 Snapshot Council Wasaga councillors face rent-reduction requests for beachfront tenants Snapshot uReport Midland lacrosse player earns U.S. scholarship Snapshot News Innisfil pair wins Lotto Max prize Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos WhatsOn Ice sculptors carve it up in downtown Collingwood WhatsOn Families enjoy free public skating in Tottenham Business Spiritis high at Beattie's Distillers in Alliston News Hockey players pay tribute to Alliston's Kyle Coleman The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Simcoe County: see how federal tax changes impact you Innisfil pair wins Lotto Max prize Skit by Tiny Township boy featured on 'Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon' Nudists should have ability to enjoy Wasaga Beach: Orillia naturist Crowdfunding campaign launched for Clearview Township attack victim In Your Neighbourhood Today 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... Downsizing tips for seniors: How to choose what to take when moving to a retirement suite While life in a senior living community can feel like a vacation — someone else cooks, cleans up,... The Pros and Cons of Electric Fireplaces There are so many options when it comes to adding a fireplace to your home these days. From... 5 ideas for growing your business There are a number of ways to boost your business through effective marketing and offering unique... Invest in people to improve your company’s bottom line Energy efficiency projects live or die on the knowledge and skills of the people involved. In many... Kick off the Holiday Season in The City The crisp December air, much like the last falling of the leaves, reminds us that the festive... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... Improved practices result in real savings Being knowledgeable about energy consumption and costs is a good idea for all of us, but it’s... How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... Don’t forget about these 2 winter tasks! Winter is here. It’s cold and icy, snowy and windy, which may have reminded you of some winter... Be careful when giving décor as a gift Beauty, as they say, is in the eye of the beholder. While this may be an old adage, that doesn’t... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... 12 ways to make your home more energy efficient Improving your home’s energy efficiency doesn’t have to involve expensive upgrades or months of... WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths Robo advisors have become a popular alternative to traditional financial advisors, and their... Bringing back memories with music Concerts and sing-alongs are music to seniors’ ears. They’re great for the memory and have the... Things to consider when buying a new bathtub When shopping around for a new bathtub to complete your bathroom reno, improve accessibility, or... How to Choose an Area Rug There’s nothing better than taking your beautifully decorated home and adding an extra layer of... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal 69% off Domino's Pizza $9 View Deal Up to 54% off Float Sessions $39 View Deal Up to 58% off Steakhouse Dining $19 View Deal 61% off Tattoo or Micro-Pigmentation $39 View Deal 50% off Authentic Indian Food $15 View Deal Up to 53% off a Snowmobile Rental $59 View Deal 60% off a Video to DVD Transfer $10 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them New trial begins in 1984 killing of girl PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case Simcoe Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Carrier Routes Available Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Content Removal Policy Corporate Sales Mobile Newsletter Signup Order a Photo Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Subscribe Work For Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com CaledonEnterprise.com DurhamRegion.com MuskokaRegion.com MyKawartha.com NorthBayNipissing.com Orangeville.com ParrySound.com SouthwesternOntario.ca YorkRegion.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
OBITUARIES VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos Homes For Sale For Rent Jobs CELEBRATIONS VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Place An Ad Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Classifieds VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos For Sale For Rent Jobs VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Subscribe Manage Subscriptions Home News B.C. National World Opinion Blogs Letters Business Sports Entertainment Go! Life Islander Horoscope | Crossword Travel Homes Driving Magazines Flyers E-edition WEB EDITION SIGN-IN LATEST NEWS: Get ready for rain, clouds and storms Cowichan Valley NDP picks election candidate Stranded near Victoria, Korean ship’s crew hopes to go home soon Vancouver’s Railway Club to reopen as a pub — not a music venue Bitter nomination race divides NDP in Cowichan Valley Sewage board leaders to get $20,000 a month Walmart charged under Public Health Act over fire food: Alberta Health Services The Canadian Press January 13, 2017 03:33 PM FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. - Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." © Copyright Times Colonist Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next Stranded near Victoria, Korean ship’s crew hopes to go home soon › next Times Colonist Christmas Fund Please donate to the Christmas Fund to help people in need. Capital Home Winter 2016 The Luxury Edition Christmas Lights Map 2016 Add your display to our Christmas Lights Map Capital Christmas Celebrating the Season! Your Museum at 130 Royal B.C. Museum celebrates a birthday On the Front Lines of Fentanyl Inside the drug-overdose crisis Most Popular Top News Top Business Top Sports New fence put up on Pandora Ave. to cut drug dealing Update: Boy alone at Mayfair, parents located Care aide stole $227,854 from ailing Victoria veteran Jack Knox: The long and short of Victoria’s parking crunch Dying words: North Saanich woman’s appointment with death Hundreds gather to pay tribute to Malahat fire chief Rob Patterson After 160 years, Craigflower Schoolhouse about to get a property tax bill Sewage board leaders to get $20,000 a month Family of girl killed in 1984 prepares for the emotions of another trial House Beautiful: Surfer girls’ paradise in Tofino Nanaimo fertile ground for new hotels Expect another surge in home values, experts say Home values take big jump in capital region Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years On the Street: MV Coho ferry ready for refit, changes for Prima Strada On the Street: Johnny Rockets burger joints opening in May Big makeover for private school Victoria's renovated Capitol 6 reopens Nov. 4 as luxury multiplex German restaurant Rathskeller closing after half century Toronto stock market, Wall Street close lower as traders take profits Victoria Royals bounce back to beat Moose Jaw Warriors Powell River Kings close gap with win over Victoria Grizzlies Snow halts bobsled, skeleton athletes' drive for podium at World Cup Rowing Canada begins four-year journey on Elk Lake UVic Vikes basketball teams record sweep Golf pro Ward Stouffer remembered as a ‘true gentle giant’ Fired-up Rockets blast Royals: Kelowna 9, Victoria 2 Nanaimo moves closer to landing WHL team Ryan leads Falcons to NFC title game, beating Seattle 36-20 Whitecaps speedster Kekuta Manneh savouring first taste of U.S. national team Your timescolonist.com More News Iconic Motoring Click here for the first issue Spiritually Speaking  Working together for common good a joyful experience New Year's Resolutions and The Three R's of Resolve Choose words that will inspire, not destroy Don’t Miss ›› daily ›› Your daily horoscope ›› Today’s obituaries ›› Daily crossword online ›› E-edition of today’s newspaper ›› Sign up for the free newsletter Times Colonist on Twitter Times Colonist on Twitter Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events GET THE TIMES COLONIST DAILY NEWSLETTER Get the day's top Times Colonist headlines emailed to you every day at 9 a.m. GET A JOB DELIVERING TC FLYERS The Times Colonist is looking for people to deliver flyers every Thursday ... News And Tools Life News Obituaries Newspaper Ads Job Listings Car Listings Properties For Sale Place An Ad Infomart Other myLOCALFLYERS.ca About Us Subscribe Victoria Early Years Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms and Conditions Sponsorship Information Connect Back to top Glacier Community Media © Copyright 2013-2017 TC Publication Limited Partnership. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Canadian Press» Alberta Walmart charged under Public Health Act over fire food: Alberta Health Services Add to ... FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — The Canadian Press Published Friday, Jan. 13, 2017 6:34PM EST Last updated Friday, Jan. 13, 2017 6:34PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$67.13 -0.84 (-1.24%) Updated January 13 4:01 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Fort McMurray Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know OBITUARY Ellen Watters was a rising star in Canadian cycling Globe Investor Splitting income is a great way to save tax, but you must do it properly Leah McLaren Why I’m giving up thoughtless meat consumption Arts John Doyle: Trump-era America is challenging the TV industry​ The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries News WARNING: Graphic content: Footage captures police firing on Nice driver Report on Business Inside the market: Trump's impact on Canadian investors News Raw video released of Rob Ford smoking crack Arts Why Metallica frontman James Hetfield ditched Instagram Report on Business Are mortgage rates set to rise? Three indicators to watch ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Investors resist it, but simplicity is better Report on Business Students help students in budding mentor programs More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Why both the left and right are wrong about Davos Most popular Why Canadians can’t stop borrowing: Stagnating incomes Happy birthday, iPhone: Let’s talk about your dirty environmental secret How Home Hardware is renovating its business strategy How maintaining your telomeres can help you age healthily Women face heavier burden of criminalizing HIV non-disclosure, advocates say X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King St. E., Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -1 °C Partly cloudy Full Text Archive uReport Newsletter sign-up Submit an event Contests Hot Topics Home Improvement Resource Centre Contact Us Print Editions In Your Neighbourhood SPECIAL REPORT: Health code violators Brampton Readers' Choice Diwali Celebration Taste of Brampton Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Business Crime City Hall Education Roads and Transit Peel Region Ontario Canada World uReport 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected UPDATE: Minor damage in small fire at Peel police HQ Baseball Basketball Beast Football Hockey Soccer Olympics uReport 26 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports News SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Celebrity Contests Events Lists Movies Music Television uReport 2 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Blogs Cartoon Columns Editorial Letters Jan 14, 2017 Opinion: After anti-abortion ads on buses, what’s next?: Mallick Be prepared for U.S.-style misogyny to creep into Canada. Hateful messages... NEASE 2014 VIEW MORE OPINION Small Business Week Canada 150 Environment Family Home and Garden Money Matters Pets and Animals Wellness uReport 10 hours ago Slopes of Mount Ching abuzz for National Ski Day Mount Chinguacousy was buzzing with activity as Bramptonians hit the slopes... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year CAMH study finds possible chemical link between migration and psychosis Province to ‘carefully review’ tests showing tainted soil upstream from Grassy Narrows Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 28% off Tickets to See Raptors 905 discount: 44% | value: $17.00 | You Save: $7.00 Time Remaining: 6 Days Spread Your Message with a Mobile Sign Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Deals Coupons Flyers Business Listings Home Improvement Resource Centre Up to 28% off Tickets to See Raptors 905 discount: 44% | value: $17.00 | You Save: $7.00 Time Remaining: 6 Days Mayfield Dental Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News Crime Brampton driver dead after car slams into pole on Clark Boulevard Snapshot News UPDATE: Minor damage in small fire at Peel police HQ Snapshot Police and Fire Smoke inside Brampton rec centre brings firefighters to investigate Snapshot Crime Mississauga barber robbed at gunpoint, bandit takes juice box Snapshot The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Brampton mayor continues to feel heat over Sri Lankan ‘sister-city’ proposal Brampton driver dead after car slams into pole on Clark Boulevard Brampton youth shelter to open by month’s end Brampton fire crews investigate smell of smoke at police HQ Violent robbery prompts reminder of safety zone for Internet exchanges In Your Neighbourhood Today Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... BioPed Brampton can help to ease the discomfort of working on your feet all day BioPed Brampton offers the expertise and care needed to make being on your feet all day feel more... Toenail fungus: Prevention and treatment The foot care professionals at BioPed Brampton can help conquer toenail fungus and assist with... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... What you should know about mini excavators Altra Rentals Limited is a family-run business that has been serving Brampton and the GTA with a... Problem drains and toilets are no match for E. Archdekin Plumbing & Heating Drain clogs and backed-up toilets can make for nightmare situations in nearly any home, but with... Get new or used tires to improve your vehicle's safety, performance You may have a perfectly functioning vehicle, but Heart Lake Used Auto Parts in Brampton knows that... Acupuncture as a complementary therapy for fertility treatments HealthMax Physiotherapy Clinics in Brampton offers contemporary medical acupuncture treatments as a... Top 10 places to celebrate International Bacon Day The next time you are left in charge of deciding where to eat, turn to Toronto's Menu Palace for... Does your car’s exhaust need to be repaired? Gary’s Automotive Repair in Brampton knows it’s important to keep your car’s exhaust system in good... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... Kick off the Holiday Season in The City The crisp December air, much like the last falling of the leaves, reminds us that the festive... 520 Sushi: The ideal place to dine for any occasion 520 Sushi in Brampton is the ideal place to dine, whether you are looking to have an intimate... Mortgages can be an open or closed book Aside from choosing a fixed or variable mortgage rate when buying a home, Paul Hunjan, mortgage... Fight those pesky fleas with Doggy Do’s Pet Grooming They tend to cause a lot of scratching and they’re incredibly annoying, but your pet’s pesky little... Renovation Goals: Adding a Mudroom Adding a spacious mudroom is a dream project for many homeowners; however, the perception that... Examine your new home’s plumbing before you make your big move Brampton’s E. Archdekin Plumbing & Heating knows plumbing may not be the first thing you look at... Top 10 places to raise a glass of sangria Toronto's Menu Palace doesn't just find you the best places to eat in the city, but it also helps... The importance of using the right tool for the job Altra Rentals Limited in Brampton has been in the construction equipment rental business for over... To groom or not to groom Years of working with dog people makes us want to write a book for those who may or may not... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Paint and Cocktails $25 View Deal Up to 93% off Prescription Eyewear $19 View Deal Up to 51% off Seafood and Drinks $24 View Deal 50% off Homemade Italian Food $15 View Deal 83% off a Facial and Massage $25 View Deal Ground Turkey - Bulk Packaged $18 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them New trial begins in 1984 killing of girl PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case Brampton Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Delivery Guide to Brampton Mobile Newsletter Sign-up Order a Photo Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites CaledonEnterprise.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com InsideToronto.com MuskokaRegion.com Mississauga.com NorthBayNipissing.com Orangeville.com ParrySound.com Simcoe.com SouthAsianFocus.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca TheIFP.ca TheRecord.com TheSpec.com YorkRegion.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -3 °C A few clouds Full Text Archive Hot Topics Events Photos Letter to the Editor Contact Us Print Editions In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice City Parent Movies Walk-in Clinics Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Business Ontario Canada World 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Menswear store draws protest for selling fur Baseball Basketball Football Hockey Olympics Soccer 25 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Events Movies Wow Celebrity 2 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Cartoon Columns Editorial Letters Jan 13, 2017 Letter: Cambridge’s three historic town centers threatened by 'Gaslight District' plan Dear editor; The city is doing it again just as they have tried to do with... Editorial Cartoon - Jan. 4 VIEW MORE OPINION Canada 150 Environment Family Home and Garden Money Matters Small Business Week Wellness 6 hours ago Crime Stoppers has a new jingle thanks to Guelph student After coming first in a local song-writing competition, Guelph teen Kieran... Latest Community News SEE MORE Idea Exchange contest seeks poets of all ages Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Trees of Caring campaign bears fruit for Cambridge Memorial Hospital Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 58% off Hair Salon Services discount: 58% | value: $21.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Up to 58% off Hair Salon Services discount: 58% | value: $21.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Commercial contractor builds from experience Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News Local St. Benedict the team to beat at 46th Silvers Fox Snapshot Business Non-profit Waterloo Region group promotes digital literacy “Digital literacy is as important as reading and writing when I was growing up”: Vrbanovic Snapshot News You don’t want to miss these — a look back at the week Snapshot News Though homicide rate low, rising gun use a concern: Police Chief Larkin Snapshot The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Here’s what you need to know about changes to waste collection in Cambridge How many registered sex offenders live in your neighbourhood? Find out here UPDATE: Tractor driver charged after crash that left Cambridge woman seriously hurt Families warned of hepatitis infection at Chalmers Street school Drug impaired driving charges on the rise and likely to increase, say police In Your Neighbourhood Today Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... 5 ideas for growing your business There are a number of ways to boost your business through effective marketing and offering unique... Lifesaving Society swim lessons: Why they are the best choice for your family The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge, Ontario, is a recreation centre and fitness facility that’s... 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition When it comes to running a successful business venture, there's more to it than keeping an eye on... How to make regular physical activity a lifelong habit The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge, Ontario, is a popular recreation centre and fitness facility.... Summer tips for home and auto insurance — and safety James W A Morris Insurance Group in Cambridge understands first-hand that if you love the idea of... Adequate startup cash is essential for a successful business venture You know the old saying — it takes money to make money. This principle still holds true today if... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... Critical illness insurance: Safety net for serious health conditions Critical illness insurance is a type of health insurance that can be invaluable to you and your... WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths Robo advisors have become a popular alternative to traditional financial advisors, and their... Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Winter is coming, and Ontario municipalities are ready for it! Snow plows are standing by, plow... How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... Invest in people to improve your company’s bottom line Energy efficiency projects live or die on the knowledge and skills of the people involved. In many... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Live edge wood designs Millgrove Wood Products Ltd. in Hamilton works with Mother Nature, one of the greatest designers,... Improved practices result in real savings Being knowledgeable about energy consumption and costs is a good idea for all of us, but it’s... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... Why you should eat at a restaurant that sources local ingredients At Ginger Express in Cambridge, they believe that every dish they serve should be the best it can... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Ground Turkey - Bulk Packaged $18 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal A Large Pizza or a Family Feast $10 View Deal 50% off 10 lbs of Chicken Wings $30 View Deal 75% off Bulk Packaged Ground Chicken $18 View Deal Turkey Breakfast Sausages $30 View Deal 45% off Beef Back Ribs $55 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them New trial begins in 1984 killing of girl PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case Cambridge Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Join our Team Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Purchase a Photo Staff Directory Sitemap Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com FlamboroughReview.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com InsideToronto.com KitchenerPost.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca NorfolkNews.ca OurPerth.ca Sachem.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca TheRecord.com TheSpec.com WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Lake County News Grand jury indicts two in murder in Wal-Mart lot Two indicted for murder in Wal-Mart shooting Lake County Sheriffs Office / Orlando Sentinel Scott Bernard Thomas and Roderick Duane Haynes Jr., both 24 and from Leesburg, were indicted Jan. 12 by a grand jury on murder charges. Scott Bernard Thomas and Roderick Duane Haynes Jr., both 24 and from Leesburg, were indicted Jan. 12 by a grand jury on murder charges. (Lake County Sheriffs Office / Orlando Sentinel) Jason RuiterContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel After a drug deal turned into a robbery and a shooting at a Wal-Mart, two Leesburg men were indicted on murder Privacy Policy Two men accused in a shooting death in an apparent exchange of cash for marijuana outside a Lake County Wal-Mart last year were indicted this week on first-degree murder and armed-robbery charges. Authorities said Scott Bernard Thomas and Roderick Duane Haynes Jr., both 24 and from Leesburg, are responsible for killing Mark Allen Estes, 44, who was shot twice in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart that straddles Leesburg and Fruitland Park off U.S. Highway 441. "Generally, I can tell you that it appears to be a drug deal that turned into a robbery," Assistant State Attorney Rich Buxman said Friday. In reading text messages between the victim and the suspects, investigators said they discovered Estes had been at the Wal-Mart at about 7 p.m. Sept. 19 in a 2011 Cadillac to purchase "fire" — a slang term for marijuana. Video from the department store showed that Estes had been there about 7 p.m. when a 2011 Toyota Camry, that officers said had been stolen in Sumter County several weeks earlier, pulled up next to Estes' vehicle. About a minute later, it pulled out of the parking space, striking another car before driving away, according to arrest reports. Caption $100,000 reward for Markeith Loyd is for information only Orlando police Chief John Mina states that the $100,000 reward for Markeith Loyd is for information leading to his arrest. He strongly advises people not to engage with Loyd and "take matters into their own hands." Orlando police Chief John Mina states that the $100,000 reward for Markeith Loyd is for information leading to his arrest. He strongly advises people not to engage with Loyd and "take matters into their own hands." Caption $100,000 reward for Markeith Loyd is for information only Orlando police Chief John Mina states that the $100,000 reward for Markeith Loyd is for information leading to his arrest. He strongly advises people not to engage with Loyd and "take matters into their own hands." Orlando police Chief John Mina states that the $100,000 reward for Markeith Loyd is for information leading to his arrest. He strongly advises people not to engage with Loyd and "take matters into their own hands." Caption Woman, son set on fire A Palm Bay woman and her son died after they were doused with gasoline and set on fire, police said. (Video from Fox 35 Orlando) A Palm Bay woman and her son died after they were doused with gasoline and set on fire, police said. (Video from Fox 35 Orlando) Caption Majority of police in the U.S. say their jobs have gotten harder Police officers in the U.S. think their job has gotten harder as of late, according to a new report by the Pew Research Center. (Jan. 11, 2017) Police officers in the U.S. think their job has gotten harder as of late, according to a new report by the Pew Research Center. (Jan. 11, 2017) Caption Man attempts to cover up killing with social media After allegedly killing his wife Kristen McShane, George McShane posted as her on Facebook and then attempted to kill himself. After allegedly killing his wife Kristen McShane, George McShane posted as her on Facebook and then attempted to kill himself. Caption Where does Crimeline's money come from? - Orlando News Now There is a $100,000 reward for the capture of Loyd, the highest since 24-year-old Jennifer Kesse's high-profile disappearance in January 2006. The reward for the Orlando woman's safe return was increased to $1 million, but it expired after a year. She was never found. There is a $100,000 reward for the capture of Loyd, the highest since 24-year-old Jennifer Kesse's high-profile disappearance in January 2006. The reward for the Orlando woman's safe return was increased to $1 million, but it expired after a year. She was never found. Estes was lying on the ground, with spent .40-caliber ammunition nearby, the report said. "The victim was inside the Camry when he was shot," Buxman said, and officers found one bullet hole through the front seat and a "partial projectile" in the rear seat. Thomas was arrested several days later and Haynes was arrested in November in Leesburg with the help of U.S. marshals, Buxman said. The mandatory minimum sentence for those convicted of first-degree murder is life imprisonment, he said. jruiter@orlandosentinel.com or 352-742-5927. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Crime Theft Homicide Leesburg Lake County All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 65°
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -3 °C Variably cloudy Full Text Archive Help Peel’s homeless Caledon Events Print Editions Newsletter Signup Wellness Contact Us Sideroads In Your Neighbourhood Hot Topics Canadian Tire Peel Divided Cheltenham Badlands Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Council Education Police and Fire Ontario Canada World 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Man, 74, dead after horse-drawn buggy crash Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey Olympics Soccer 23 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity 2 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Cartoon Columns Editorial Letters Jan 12, 2017 To my Good Samaritans Roy and Larry, thank you It is about 2:30 p.m. on Wednesday (Jan. 11). I'm driving on some of the... Steve Nease for Nov. 11 VIEW MORE OPINION Canada 150 Small Business Week Environment Family Home and Garden Money Matters Wellness 13 hours ago Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Still reeling from a rough 2016? Tips for moving forward in the new year SMCommunity_LatestStories_Caledon SEE MORE Premier Wynne joins pyjama party at Orangeville daycare’s literacy event Manitoba chiefs continue Enbridge fight Flu cases rising as virus moves cross-country Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 28% off Tickets to See Raptors 905 discount: 44% | value: $17.00 | You Save: $7.00 Time Remaining: 6 Days Food fight: 5 ways smart shoppers battle rising food costs Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Deals Coupons Flyers Business Listings Up to 28% off Tickets to See Raptors 905 discount: 44% | value: $17.00 | You Save: $7.00 Time Remaining: 6 Days Mister Transmission Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News Dufferin OPP provides injury update for six victims of Airport Road crash Snapshot WhatsOn 5 great things to do around Caledon this weekend Jan. 13 to 15 Snapshot News Six people injured in serious crash on Airport Road Snapshot Peel Region Peel Region homebuyer’s loan program suspended Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Grass fire Trudeau says ISIL mission, Keystone came up in chat with Obama Photo Gallery Hattitude Jewelery Photo Gallery Snowfall from Caledon East townhomes a safety concern for residents The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Six people injured in serious crash on Airport Road Caledon entrepreneur Hattie Dunstan breathing new life into vintage jewelery Missing Caledon teen Devyn Lee Wright located in Winnipeg Peel Region homebuyer’s loan program suspended Six injured in two vehicle accident In Your Neighbourhood Today Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... Bringing back memories with music Concerts and sing-alongs are music to seniors’ ears. They’re great for the memory and have the... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... Downsizing tips for seniors: How to choose what to take when moving to a retirement suite While life in a senior living community can feel like a vacation — someone else cooks, cleans up,... Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Winter is coming, and Ontario municipalities are ready for it! Snow plows are standing by, plow... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... Local denture clinic also offers teeth whitening The Kostynyk Denture Centre, located in Bolton, offers teeth whitening as a way to help improve... Accessorize your fireplace with Caledon Fireplace Fireplaces have a special place in the home, and with Caledon Fireplace, you can enhance your... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... When should I replace my dentures? The Kostynyk Denture Centre in Bolton makes high-quality dentures that will help improve your smile... Haircuts for dogs that will make home grooming easier and low maintenance The expert groomers at Oliver’s Dog Grooming & Daycare in Bolton know the challenges of maintaining... 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition When it comes to running a successful business venture, there's more to it than keeping an eye on... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Caledon Fireplace is your local fireplace superstore For an unmatched shopping experience, those in Caledon and the surrounding regions turn to Caledon... What is a denturist? The Kostynyk Denture Centre in Bolton can provide help with all your denture or implant needs.... How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Paint and Cocktails $25 View Deal Up to 93% off Prescription Eyewear $19 View Deal Up to 51% off Seafood and Drinks $24 View Deal 50% off Homemade Italian Food $15 View Deal 83% off a Facial and Massage $25 View Deal Ground Turkey - Bulk Packaged $18 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them New trial begins in 1984 killing of girl PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case Caledon Enterprise Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Content Removal Policy Corporate Sales Letter to the Editor Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Deals Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Rentals Travel Shopping AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com InsideToronto.com Mississauga.com Orangeville.com Simcoe.com SouthwesternOntario.ca TheIFP.ca YorkRegion.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -5 °C Variably cloudy Full Text Archive Orangeville Events Erin Events Print Editions Wellness Contact Us Sideroads In Your Neighbourhood Hot Topics Newsletter Signup Walk-in Clinics Apartment Rentals Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Council Police and Fire Ontario Canada World 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Man, 74, dead after horse-drawn buggy crash Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey Olympics Soccer 23 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Contests Orangeville Events Erin Events Movies Wow Celebrity 2 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Cartoon Columns Editorial Letters Jan 12, 2017 To my Good Samaritans Roy and Larry, thank you It is about 2:30 p.m. on Wednesday (Jan. 11). I'm driving on some of the... Happy New Year VIEW MORE OPINION Canada 150 Small Business Week Environment Home and Garden Family Money Matters Wellness 13 hours ago Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Still reeling from a rough 2016? Tips for moving forward in the new year Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Premier Wynne joins pyjama party at Orangeville daycare’s literacy event Manitoba chiefs continue Enbridge fight Flu cases rising as virus moves cross-country Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca What’s a Certified Aging-in-Place Specialist? Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Deals Coupons Flyers Business Listings Take the worries out of home renovations Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News Dufferin OPP provides injury update for six victims of Airport Road crash Snapshot News Six people injured in serious crash on Airport Road Snapshot Contests Orangeville home wins top decorated house in Ontario title Snapshot News Premier Wynne joins pyjama party at Orangeville daycare’s literacy event Snapshot The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Six people injured in serious crash on Airport Road Dufferin OPP provides injury update for six victims of Airport Road crash Premier Wynne joins pyjama party at Orangeville daycare’s literacy event Shelburne woman, 65, dies after crash near Orangeville UPDATE: Police investigating fatal crash in Orangeville's west end In Your Neighbourhood Today Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Winter is coming, and Ontario municipalities are ready for it! Snow plows are standing by, plow... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths Robo advisors have become a popular alternative to traditional financial advisors, and their... How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology For many Canadians, cash is no longer king. Increasingly, consumers are choosing the ease,... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition When it comes to running a successful business venture, there's more to it than keeping an eye on... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... Adequate startup cash is essential for a successful business venture You know the old saying — it takes money to make money. This principle still holds true today if... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... 5 ideas for growing your business There are a number of ways to boost your business through effective marketing and offering unique... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   A Large Pizza or a Family Feast $10 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them New trial begins in 1984 killing of girl PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case Orangeville Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Content Removal Policy Corporate Sales Mobile Newsletter Sign-Up Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com CaledonEnterprise.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com InsideToronto.com Mississauga.com Simcoe.com SouthwesternOntario.ca TheIFP.ca YorkRegion.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -2 °C Mainly clear Full Text Archive Walk-in Clinics EVENTS PHOTO GALLERIES uReport the News Hot Topics DIGITAL PRINT EDITIONS BECOME A CARRIER HOME DELIVERY INQUIRIES DELIVERY QUESTIONS Newsletter Signup EQAO Results MOVIE LISTINGS Top 10 lists Wellness Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Crime Education Elections Ontario Canada World 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Northumberland Retired Teachers of Ontario donates to The Help Centre Baseball Basketball Golf Football Olympics Soccer Tennis 23 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports News SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Books Celebrity Contests Events Movies Quizzes Wow 2 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Jan 12, 2017 Today's cartoon: Gas prices Today's cartoon is by Patrick LaMontagne. Today's cartoon: Haven't saved a nickel VIEW MORE OPINION Small Business Week Crossword Environment Family Home and Garden Money Matters Parenting Pets and animals Sudoku Wellness 13 hours ago Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Still reeling from a rough 2016? Tips for moving forward in the new year Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Manitoba chiefs continue Enbridge fight Flu cases rising as virus moves cross-country Cobourg’s Cornerstone Family Violence Prevention Centre recruits good MEN Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals YourClassifieds.ca UsedNorthumberland.com 69% off Domino's Pizza discount: 69% | value: $29.00 | You Save: $20.00 Time Remaining: 350 Days HEART HEALTH: The 5 steps to quitting smoking for good Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Deals Coupons Flyers Business Listings 69% off Domino's Pizza discount: 69% | value: $29.00 | You Save: $20.00 Time Remaining: 350 Days HEART HEALTH: 7 simple lifestyle changes that reduce risk of heart disease Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News Crime PHOTOS: Cobourg Petro Canada armed robbery suspect caught on surveillance camera Snapshot News United Way Northumberland faces a fundraising shortfall Snapshot Crime Port Hope love triangle takes 'bizarre turn', police say Snapshot News Multiple crashes reported on Hwy. 401 in Port Hope Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Prime Minister visits Bewdley CCI Culture Club Photo Gallery 'Stand-Up, Stay-Strong' self-defense program comes to CCI Photo Gallery Crowds greet Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in Bewdley The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE PHOTOS: Cobourg Petro Canada armed robbery suspect caught on surveillance camera Port Hope love triangle takes 'bizarre turn', police say Multiple crashes reported on Hwy. 401 in Port Hope VIDEO: Crowds greet Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in Bewdley Port Hope man accused of heroin possession In Your Neighbourhood Today 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology For many Canadians, cash is no longer king. Increasingly, consumers are choosing the ease,... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition When it comes to running a successful business venture, there's more to it than keeping an eye on... Adequate startup cash is essential for a successful business venture You know the old saying — it takes money to make money. This principle still holds true today if... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths Robo advisors have become a popular alternative to traditional financial advisors, and their... How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... What to look for during a test drive If you are in the market for a vehicle, Lakeridge Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ltd. in Port Hope has a great... 5 ideas for growing your business There are a number of ways to boost your business through effective marketing and offering unique... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Winter is coming, and Ontario municipalities are ready for it! Snow plows are standing by, plow... Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   69% off Domino's Pizza $9 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them New trial begins in 1984 killing of girl PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case Northumberland Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Delivery Questions FAQs Mobile Newsletter Signup Sitemap Staff Directory Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com DurhamRegion.com InsideBelleville.com InsideBrockville.com InsideToronto.com InsideOttawaValley.com KingstonRegion.com Mississauga.com MyKawartha.com OttawaCommunityNews.com Simcoe.com YorkRegion.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -7 °C Clear Full Text Archive Events - Submit Now Newsletter SIgnup Walk-in Clinics Wellness Contact Us Business Listings in Your Neighbourhood Local Ads Hot Topics Movies Print Editions Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Ontario Canada World 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Man, 74, dead after horse-drawn buggy crash 3 Down Nation Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey Olympics Soccer 23 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity 2 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Blogs Columns Editorial Letters Jan 05, 2017 Column: Gronk, Romo and a sneak peek at my AP All-Pro team Column: Gronk, Romo and a sneak peek at my AP All-Pro team 4 hours ago Making another big splash We offer a tip of the cap to the staff and volunteers at the Aquatarium... Small Business Week Environment Family Home and Garden Jobs Money Matters Progress Wellness 13 hours ago Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Still reeling from a rough 2016? Tips for moving forward in the new year Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Manitoba chiefs continue Enbridge fight Flu cases rising as virus moves cross-country Are Canadians really as nice as the world insists? Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Watch for the 2017 Chrysler Pacifica this spring Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Shopping 5 ideas for growing your business Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News Brockville General Hospital launches system for non-emergencies in ER Snapshot News Armed robbery at Mac's Convenience in Iroquois Snapshot News Prime minister visits Brockville on Thursday Snapshot News Brockville police officer faces charge involving prescription drugs Snapshot The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Brockville police stop vehicle for speeding, make impaired driving arrest Brockville police respond to crash, make impaired driving arrest Armed robbery at Mac's Convenience in Iroquois Prime minister visits Brockville on Thursday Brockville police release images of fraud suspect In Your Neighbourhood Today Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition When it comes to running a successful business venture, there's more to it than keeping an eye on... Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths Robo advisors have become a popular alternative to traditional financial advisors, and their... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... Adequate startup cash is essential for a successful business venture You know the old saying — it takes money to make money. This principle still holds true today if... 5 ideas for growing your business There are a number of ways to boost your business through effective marketing and offering unique... A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology For many Canadians, cash is no longer king. Increasingly, consumers are choosing the ease,... Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Winter is coming, and Ontario municipalities are ready for it! Snow plows are standing by, plow... How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... SPONSORED CONTENT View More MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them New trial begins in 1984 killing of girl PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case Brockville Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise WIth Us Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Site Map Staff Directory Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites DurhamRegion.com InsideBelleville.com InsideOttawaValley.com KingstonRegion.com MyKawartha.com NorthumberlandNews.com OttawaCommunityNews.com Resources GoldBook.ca LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -7 °C Overcast Full Text Archive Traffic, Road Conditions Bus cancellations, delays uReport Contests Events Contact Us Print Editions In Your Neighbourhood Newsletter Signup Daily crossword Hot Topics Sudoku Business Listings Home Improvement Resource Centre Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Business Council Crime Education Ontario Canada World uReport 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Freezing rain expected in Almaguin this week Baseball Basketball Curling Football Hockey Soccer Olympics uReport 27 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Celebrity Contests Events Lists Movies Music Television uReport 2 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Blogs Columns Editorial Letters Jan 12, 2017 Powassan library hosts cheese-making session in January POWASSAN — Winner of the Powassan Agricultural Society 50-50 draw in... Jan 12, 2017 Magnetawan Agricultural Society AGM set for Saturday MAGNETAWAN — Magnetawan Agricultural Society 2017 annual meeting is... Small Business Week Canada 150 Environment Family Food Home and Garden Life Money Matters Obituaries uReport Wellness 13 hours ago Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Still reeling from a rough 2016? Tips for moving forward in the new year Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Manitoba chiefs continue Enbridge fight Flu cases rising as virus moves cross-country Are Canadians really as nice as the world insists? Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 50% off a Cemetery Monument or Accessories discount: 50% | value: $500.00 | You Save: $250.00 Time Remaining: 44 Days Choosing new windows for your home Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Deals Coupons Flyers Business Listings Home Improvement Resource Centre Up to 50% off a Cemetery Monument or Accessories discount: 50% | value: $500.00 | You Save: $250.00 Time Remaining: 44 Days Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News Near North proposing massive North Bay school consolidation Snapshot News Freezing rain expected in Almaguin this week Snapshot News Powassan council purchases legion for $14,000 Snapshot News New program focused on developing strategic alliances in Central Almaguin Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Canada Lynx kittens claw in quite the crowd Baby Indian rhino still growing Photo Gallery LIGHTS OF NOVAR 2016 Photo Gallery Winter Wallop 2016 The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Near North proposing massive North Bay school consolidation Wynne gets cold shoulder from PM on hydro costs Northern MPs calling for complete overhaul of FedNor Algonquin Park offers live viewing of scavengers feeding on moose carcass Ian Thomas’s son injured in snowmobile accident In Your Neighbourhood Today Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology For many Canadians, cash is no longer king. Increasingly, consumers are choosing the ease,... Renovation Goals: Adding a Mudroom Adding a spacious mudroom is a dream project for many homeowners; however, the perception that... Things to consider when buying a new bathtub When shopping around for a new bathtub to complete your bathroom reno, improve accessibility, or... Decorating Your Home’s Exterior for the Holidays It’s that magical time of year, when families all across the country climb into their cars after... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... You can help Rename the Game Attention hockey fans! The CIBC Canada Russia Series is coming to North Bay for Game #3 on November... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths Robo advisors have become a popular alternative to traditional financial advisors, and their... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition When it comes to running a successful business venture, there's more to it than keeping an eye on... Be careful when giving décor as a gift Beauty, as they say, is in the eye of the beholder. While this may be an old adage, that doesn’t... 5 ideas for growing your business There are a number of ways to boost your business through effective marketing and offering unique... Adequate startup cash is essential for a successful business venture You know the old saying — it takes money to make money. This principle still holds true today if... Don’t forget about these 2 winter tasks! Winter is here. It’s cold and icy, snowy and windy, which may have reminded you of some winter... The Pros and Cons of Electric Fireplaces There are so many options when it comes to adding a fireplace to your home these days. From... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Up to 50% off a Cemetery Monument or Accessories $250 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them New trial begins in 1984 killing of girl PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case NorthBay Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Join our Team Newsletter Sign-Up Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com DurhamRegion.com InsideToronto.com Mississauga.com MuskokaRegion.com MyKawartha.com ParrySound.com Simcoe.com YorkRegion.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -6 °C A few clouds Full Text Archive Belleville Farmers' Markets Events - Submit Now Newsletter Signup Wellness Blogs Contact Us Business Listings In Your Neighbourhood Local ads Movies Print Editions Photo Galleries Hot Topics Walk-in Clinics Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Ontario Canada World 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Man, 74, dead after horse-drawn buggy crash Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey Olympics Soccer 28 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity 3 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Blogs Columnists Columns Editorial Letters Jan 10, 2017 Tragedy a common theme in our most read online stories in 2016 You may have heard the term “if it bleeds, it leads." The saying reflects... Jan 05, 2017 Column: Gronk, Romo and a sneak peek at my AP All-Pro team Column: Gronk, Romo and a sneak peek at my AP All-Pro team Small Business Week Environment Family Home and Garden Jobs Money Matters Wellness 13 hours ago Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Still reeling from a rough 2016? Tips for moving forward in the new year Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Leal appointed small business minister Manitoba chiefs continue Enbridge fight Flu cases rising as virus moves cross-country Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals HEART HEALTH: What can I do to lower my blood pressure? Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Shopping For Eye Care, Think Local, Buy Local – Be Local Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News Foxboro Foodland robbed Snapshot News PTSD service dog changes life in Quinte West, featured on Animal Planet Snapshot News Trudeau-mania comes to Belleville Snapshot News Passenger seriously injured after tractor-trailer leaves road Snapshot The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Mayor will help Hastings outdoor rink enthusiasts Belleville’s now cashing in on Shorelines Casino Belleville Foxboro Foodland robbed PTSD service dog changes life in Quinte West, featured on Animal Planet Carpool karaoke phenomenon comes to Campellford In Your Neighbourhood Today 5 ideas for growing your business There are a number of ways to boost your business through effective marketing and offering unique... 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition When it comes to running a successful business venture, there's more to it than keeping an eye on... Improved practices result in real savings Being knowledgeable about energy consumption and costs is a good idea for all of us, but it’s... Get free snow tires & rims for your new Mitsubishi Winter is just around the corner and Belleville Mitsubishi wants all new car customers to be ready... Registered Dietitians - an essential part of the healthcare team According to the World Health Organization, an unhealthy diet is one of the primary risk factors... A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology For many Canadians, cash is no longer king. Increasingly, consumers are choosing the ease,... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Get ready for winter driving Winter roads are on the way and Belleville Mitsubishi wants to ensure you and your car are... 12 ways to make your home more energy efficient Improving your home’s energy efficiency doesn’t have to involve expensive upgrades or months of... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... Get off the beaten trail with Mitsubishi Outlander Mitsubishi has engineered a sport SUV that makes the road less travelled more fun than ever,... Big savings for small business Two years ago, Ira Kargel and Kevin Wallace of Gears Bike Shop decided they’d had it with halogen... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... Bringing back memories with music Concerts and sing-alongs are music to seniors’ ears. They’re great for the memory and have the... How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... Adequate startup cash is essential for a successful business venture You know the old saying — it takes money to make money. This principle still holds true today if... Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... SPONSORED CONTENT View More MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them New trial begins in 1984 killing of girl PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case Belleville Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Commitment to Accessibility Commenting Guidelines Contact Us Corporate Sales Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Site Map Staff Directory Work For Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites DurhamRegion.com InsideBrockville.com InsideOttawaValley.com KingstonRegion.com MyKawartha.com NorthumberlandNews.com OttawaCommunityNews.com Resources GoldBook.ca HockeyNow.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -1 °C Partly cloudy Full Text Archive uReport Newsletter sign-up Submit an event Contests Crossword Delivery Questions In Your Neighbourhood PRINT EDITIONS GoodLife Magazine Letters Readers Choice Hot topics Home Improvement Resource Centre Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Business Council Crime Education Health Care Roads and Transit Ontario Canada World uReport 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Man, 74, dead after horse-drawn buggy crash Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey Soccer Olympics uReport 25 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Arts and Entertainment Celebrity Contests Events Lists Movies uReport 2 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Blogs Cartoon Columns Editorial Letters 10 hours ago You have to be prepared to set limits with data and beyond Ever feel like you spend half your time managing other family members’... Nease (Clarity) VIEW MORE OPINION Small Business Week Canada 150 Environment Family Food Home and Garden Money Matters Pets and Animals Wellness uReport YORK PROFILE: Town of Aurora YORK PROFILE: East Gwillimbury YORK PROFILE: Georgina YORK PROFILE: Newmarket 13 hours ago Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Still reeling from a rough 2016? Tips for moving forward in the new year Community Stories SEE MORE CAMH study finds possible chemical link between migration and psychosis Province to ‘carefully review’ tests showing tainted soil upstream from Grassy Narrows Group to protest Health Minister Jane Philpott's Markham meet-and-greet Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 76% off Naturopathic Visit discount: 76% | value: $200.00 | You Save: $151.00 Time Remaining: 4 Days How much are you paying in hidden investment fees? Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Deals Coupons Flyers Business Listings Home Improvement Resource Centre 76% off Naturopathic Visit discount: 76% | value: $200.00 | You Save: $151.00 Time Remaining: 4 Days Kick off the NFL season with these 10 best places to watch the game Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News Video of confrontation on Aurora bus: York Region Transit investigating Snapshot News Protester interrupts Health Minister Jane Philpott's event in Markham Snapshot Crime Mississauga barber robbed at gunpoint, bandit takes juice box Snapshot Ontario Speeding scofflaws to be denied licence plates Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Community Stouffville Free Throw Hoops Compeition News Highs and Lows of 2016 Family Newmarket Nativity Continues Through Dec 24 Local Getting In Sync The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Video of confrontation on Aurora bus: York Region Transit investigating Protester interrupts Health Minister Jane Philpott's event in Markham UPDATE: Man dead following accident at Vaughan packaging firm Mississauga and Toronto men charged with human trafficking in Vaughan Man threatens Vaughan HomeSense employees with fake gun; they don't buy it In Your Neighbourhood Today The Pros and Cons of Electric Fireplaces There are so many options when it comes to adding a fireplace to your home these days. From... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... Top 10 places to twirl spaghetti If you are connected to the internet, you are connected to Toronto's Menu Palace, the go to site to... Invest in people to improve your company’s bottom line Energy efficiency projects live or die on the knowledge and skills of the people involved. In many... Bringing back memories with music Concerts and sing-alongs are music to seniors’ ears. They’re great for the memory and have the... Big savings for small business Two years ago, Ira Kargel and Kevin Wallace of Gears Bike Shop decided they’d had it with halogen... Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Winter is coming, and Ontario municipalities are ready for it! Snow plows are standing by, plow... Improved practices result in real savings Being knowledgeable about energy consumption and costs is a good idea for all of us, but it’s... Healthy toenails: Preventing and treating fungus From minor foot fungus to painful foot challenges, at Heel to Toes clinic in Thornhill, your feet... WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths Robo advisors have become a popular alternative to traditional financial advisors, and their... 12 ways to make your home more energy efficient Improving your home’s energy efficiency doesn’t have to involve expensive upgrades or months of... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... Renovation Goals: Adding a Mudroom Adding a spacious mudroom is a dream project for many homeowners; however, the perception that... Discover the cosmetic and therapeutic benefits of paraffin wax Nirvana Hair Salon and Spa in Woodbridge, Ontario, is one of the best places to go if you want to... The importance of having an annual eye exam The professionals at Temkin Opticians in Vaughan want to share the reasons why it’s important for... Celebrate Canada’s game in Toronto If you’re a hockey fan, Toronto is the place to be. Not only is the city home to the Original Six... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... How to Choose an Area Rug There’s nothing better than taking your beautifully decorated home and adding an extra layer of... Top 9 places to celebrate National Vegan Month Toronto's Menu Palace can answer the age-old question of where you should go for dinner. This... A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology For many Canadians, cash is no longer king. Increasingly, consumers are choosing the ease,... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Up to 44% off Burritos or Salad Bowls and Drinks $13 View Deal Ground Turkey - Bulk Packaged $18 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal A Large Pizza or a Family Feast $10 View Deal 50% off 10 lbs of Chicken Wings $30 View Deal 75% off Bulk Packaged Ground Chicken $18 View Deal Turkey Breakfast Sausages $30 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them New trial begins in 1984 killing of girl PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case York Region Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Community Services Contact Us Content Removal Policy Corporate Sales Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Work For Us Local Info Announcements Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com CaledonEnterprise.com DurhamRegion.com InsideHalton.com InsideToronto.com Mississauga.com MuskokaRegion.com Orangeville.com ParrySound.com Simcoe.com TheIFP.ca Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -11 °C Clear Full Text Archive Newsletter Signup Events - Submit Now Blogs Submit a Story Wellness Brooke Henderson Contact Us Business Listings In Your Neighbourhood Local Ads Hot Topics Apartment Rentals Print Editions Photo Galleries Walk-in Clinics Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Ontario Canada World 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Trivia and music night to support Renfrew’s Teddy Weiss Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey Olympics Soccer 28 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity 3 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Blogs Cartoon Columns Columnists Editorial Letters Jan 13, 2017 Arnprior Public Library hosts New Year's eve gala It certainly wasn’t quiet in the Arnprior Public Library as the new year... Cartoon - NEASE - Brooke VIEW MORE OPINION Bridal Carleton Place Downtowner Emergency Preparedness Environment International Women's Day North Grenville Tourism Guide Perth Chamber Progress Visitor Guide Small Business Week Family Home & Garden Money Matters Wellness 13 hours ago Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Still reeling from a rough 2016? Tips for moving forward in the new year Community Stories SEE MORE The Music of Broadway comes to Arnprior Standing Room Only tea dance return to Almonte Jan. 22 Is it a cold or the flu and when to see the doctor Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood 5 tips to optimize your Family Day getaway Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News Community Heart Jam tickets on sale; show returns to Carleton Place Feb. 5 Snapshot News Keys to CHEO Dream Home turned over to Carleton Place resident Snapshot News Trivia and music night to support Renfrew’s Teddy Weiss Snapshot News Smiths Falls Police release description of man sought in armed robbery Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos National Research Council of Canada Trudeau says ISIL mission, Keystone came up in chat with Obama Photo Gallery Bears vs Cumberland Photo Gallery Packers earn 5-2 win over Blue Wings The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Smiths Falls Police release description of man sought in armed robbery Two charged in summertime spray painting of Almonte murals Driver of tractor trailer faces three charges in Jan. 12 Tay Valley collision Kemptville student named finalist for prestigious Loran Award worth $100,000 ‘This topic is a disruptor’: Hundreds come out to basic income consultation in Smiths Falls In Your Neighbourhood Today Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Winter is coming, and Ontario municipalities are ready for it! Snow plows are standing by, plow... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... 5 ideas for growing your business There are a number of ways to boost your business through effective marketing and offering unique... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths Robo advisors have become a popular alternative to traditional financial advisors, and their... How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... Adequate startup cash is essential for a successful business venture You know the old saying — it takes money to make money. This principle still holds true today if... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition When it comes to running a successful business venture, there's more to it than keeping an eye on... A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology For many Canadians, cash is no longer king. Increasingly, consumers are choosing the ease,... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... SPONSORED CONTENT View More MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Ukraine seeks 'clarity' on Canadian troops Law meant to protect women can also hurt them New trial begins in 1984 killing of girl PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case Ottawa Valley Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Print Editions Site Map Staff Directory Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites DurhamRegion.com InsideBelleville.com InsideBrockville.com KingstonRegion.com MyKawartha.com NorthumberlandNews.com OttawaCommunityNews.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -3 °C A few clouds Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 1 hour ago Mississauga veteran held in Ohio jail for crime he can’t remember Jason Lesko, who served in the U.S. military, cannot remember alleged crime... Latest News SEE MORE Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Two richest Canadians have as much wealth as poorest 30 per cent: Report Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com Jan 14, 2017 Former baker finds niche with colourful boxes A young engineer has found profits at the intersection of bakeries, social... Latest Business News SEE MORE Non-profit Waterloo Region group promotes digital literacy Microsoft buys artificial intelligence startup Maluuba ‘Blue Collar Millionaire’ turned her family’s messes into ‘slobproof’ furniture Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 18 minutes ago Harden's 12th triple-double helps Rockets end 2-game skid Harden's 12th triple-double helps Rockets end 2-game skid Latest Sports News SEE MORE Moore lifts No. 9 Louisville to 63-59 win over No. 14 Miami High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog Arts & Entertainment Books Contests Dining Out Music Events Movies TV Listings Wow Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region 35 minutes ago Donald Duke, succumbs to old age almost exactly two years after the death of his identical twin, Oscar When his identical twin brother, Oscar Duke died in 2015 at age 102, it was... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 1 hour ago DRESCHEL: LRT creates west end traffic concerns It turns out that last summer’s initial assessment that there is enough... Editorial Cartoon - Jan. 4 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Winners Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Small Business Week Jan 13, 2017 Pink Shirt Day 2017 Congratulations to Amy Darkes from Waterloo Oxford District Secondary... Latest Stories SEE MORE Manitoba chiefs continue Enbridge fight Flu cases rising as virus moves cross-country Are Canadians really as nice as the world insists? Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 21 hours ago Understand the risks of a later in life pregnancy Are you considering pregnancy after 35? Understand the issues for older... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Teen finds herself an outcast Horoscopes Feminist protest sends Trump the evil eye Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 58% off Hair Salon Services discount: 58% | value: $21.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Take advantage of children’s fitness and arts tax credits while you can Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca Up to 58% off Hair Salon Services discount: 58% | value: $21.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Updating your bathroom takes creativity and risk-taking Home News Canada Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart accused of selling fire-tainted food FORT MCMURRAY, Alta. — Alberta Health Services alleges Walmart Canada kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. The health agency says Walmart Canada Corp. has been charged with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. "Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public," AHS said in a statement Friday. "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." Alex Roberton, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, said the retailer is surprised by the charges. "Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers," Roberton said in an email. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." He said Walmart cannot comment further because it hasn't received material from the Crown regarding the charges. The huge fire that broke out May 1 forced more than 80,000 people to flee the city. Residents were not allowed to return to the damaged community until June. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The health authority said food exposed to wildfires can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardants, water and loss of power. AHS said its staff worked closely with food operations after the wildfire to ensure they reopened safely. "Our goal was simple: ensure safe food is available to this community, as one component of returning the community to health, and protecting the community from any further risks." By The Canadian Press | (2) Comment By veryoldguy | JANUARY 14, 2017 07:44 AM Welcome to the Arkansas-way of doing things. 5   99 Report as Offensive By Garry | JANUARY 14, 2017 04:09 AM Good grief, does Walmart even care? 8   2 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News Local History for sale, once in a Blue Moon Snapshot Canada Experts question whether tougher sentences deter drunk driving Snapshot Local Traffic changes coming with LRT Snapshot Canada Ontarians with unpaid speeding tickets to be denied licence plates Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos ArtsEntertainment Golden Globes red carpet News Jeff Heer Photo Gallery Unsilent Night 2016 Photo Gallery New Hamburg and Baden Santa Parades 2016 The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Traffic changes coming with LRT Mother sobs as son gets jail for robbing university students Police investigate death at UW student residence Menswear store draws protest for selling fur Plan to replace homes with highrise in Kitchener draws capacity crowd In Your Neighbourhood Today Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... Fascia is crucial in a well-functioning eavestroughing system Rainbow Eavestroughing in Kitchener is the go-to expert for eavestrough system design, installation... Take advantage of children’s fitness and arts tax credits while you can Children’s fitness and arts tax credits are being phased out, but Hollinger Business Services of... A seamless eavestrough system will protect your roof, foundation Rainbow Eavestroughing in Kitchener can install a new aluminum eavestrough system that will provide... New home windows have a narrow window of time before needing to be replaced Windows — they're sometimes the last components that are considered for a home improvement project,... Changes to Ontario auto insurance accident benefits, coverage as of June 1, 2016 The insurance brokers at Conestoga Insurance in Cambridge know the importance of regularly... High-performance torque converters get the most from your high-performance vehicles When you're looking for that extra edge, whether you're on the track or on the road, a... Summer tips for home and auto insurance — and safety James W A Morris Insurance Group in Cambridge understands first-hand that if you love the idea of... Improved practices result in real savings Being knowledgeable about energy consumption and costs is a good idea for all of us, but it’s... Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Winter is coming, and Ontario municipalities are ready for it! Snow plows are standing by, plow... Napa Grille and Wine Den goes beyond your dining expectations For a fine dining experience for lunch, dinner and brunch, stop by Cambridge’s Napa Grille and Wine... Second mortgages from Kitchener-Waterloo private lenders A second mortgage in Kitchener-Waterloo can let you borrow money against the equity in your... WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths Robo advisors have become a popular alternative to traditional financial advisors, and their... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... 12 ways to make your home more energy efficient Improving your home’s energy efficiency doesn’t have to involve expensive upgrades or months of... Experience fine dining at its best at Napa Grille and Wine Den Cambridge’s Napa Grille and Wine Den is the region’s choice for fine dining, and you don’t need to... Specialized towing: Flatbed and tilt-and-load tow trucks Becker Bros. Towing is a family owned company that has proudly served the Kitchener community and... Bolt and Nut Supply has affordable wiper options Cambridge’s Bolt and Nut Supply understands that budgets are important when it comes to your tools... Extend the life of your Element Hair tape-in extensions You may know that Element Hair Studio is Waterloo's choice for world-class hair care, but did you... Repair windows and doors rather than replace them for a low-cost fix The expert craftspeople at Southfield Windows & Doors in Elmira offers an inexpensive alternative... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Ground Turkey - Bulk Packaged $18 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal A Large Pizza or a Family Feast $10 View Deal 50% off 10 lbs of Chicken Wings $30 View Deal 75% off Bulk Packaged Ground Chicken $18 View Deal Turkey Breakfast Sausages $30 View Deal 45% off Beef Back Ribs $55 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Two richest Canadians have as much wealth as poorest 30 per cent: Report Report points to wealth inequality in Canada ‘Boots on the ground:’ More indigenous involvement urged in pipeline monitoring Canada must remain nimble as it braces for Trump era: federal economic adviser PreviousNext Man shoots himself at B.C. hospital: nurses' union Woman can't sue regulator in fracking case The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Edmonton LIVE Edmonton More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada Edmonton Walmart faces 174 charges related to sale of fire-contaminated food 'This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community,' AHS statement alleges By Terry Reith, David Thurton, CBC News Posted: Jan 13, 2017 4:05 PM MT Last Updated: Jan 13, 2017 8:38 PM MT Charges laid under the Public Health Act state that WalMart Canada failed to ensure that food which had been contaminated in May's wildfire was not stocked or sold at its outlet in downtown Fort McMurray. (David Thurton/ CBC News) Walmart Canada and four of its senior managers face 174 charges under the Public Health Act related to the sale of food contaminated during a wildfire that engulfed Fort McMurray, Alta., last May. A 31-page charge sheet lists the sale of various food items ranging from chocolate bars and nacho chips to pasta, breakfast cereal, bacon and cheese. The charges, filed by Alberta Health Services, state that Walmart Canada failed to ensure that food that had been contaminated or was unfit for human consumption was not stocked or sold at its outlet in downtown Fort McMurray. Four of the charges allege that Walmart lied to public health inspectors by saying it was not selling food that had been contaminated during the fire. Fort McMurray wildfire will leave toxic legacy, experts say Hundreds of undamaged Fort McMurray homes declared unsafe due to toxic ash Fort McMurray wildfire remains out of control after city evacuated Court documents show the alleged violations occurred at the Walmart outlet on Hospital Street between May 24 and May 29, 2016. Prior to allowing residents to re-enter the city, municipal and health officials repeatedly advised residents and businesses to throw out any food products other than those stored safely in cans and tins. "I think the most alarming thing is the actual number of violations," said Keith Warriner, a food safety specialist at the University of Guelph. "It's surprising that such a retailer like Walmart would have been open to these charges, given that they should have been proactive in disposing of the goods." The four people charged are: Darren Kenyon; Sean Kenyon, the Walmart store manager; Michelle Payne, Walmart Canada's senior manager of food safety; and Dale Snowden, the director of disaster and response and recovery for Walmart Stores Inc. Walmart Canada declined an interview request, but in a written statement the senior director of corporate affairs, Alex Robertson, expressed surprise at the charges. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to re-open the store as soon as reasonably possible, in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." Alberta Health Services also declined comment because the matter is now before the courts. 'Direct and avoidable risk' However, AHS spokesman Kerry Williamson issued a statement. In the statement, AHS alleged that Walmart, "despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing ... reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public." "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." More than 90,000 people in Fort McMurray and surrounding communities were forced from their homes for nearly a month after the fire May 3 wildfire, which destroyed about 2,400 homes and many buildings and left layers of toxic smoke-residue behind. Warriner said if those toxic substances got into food products, it could lead to long-term health consequences. "A lot of them are carcinogenic, so even though they won't affect you immediately they could put you at higher risk of cancer later on, if taken over a course of time." Under the Public Health Act, each offence carries a fine of up to $2,000. "I would imagine the actual fine that will be administered would be for each charge, which I guess they'll fight individually," said Warriner. "But I wouldn't be surprised if it's plus one hundred thousand dollars on this case." With files from Briar Stewart Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Monday Increasing cloudiness 4°C Tuesday A mix of sun and cloud 5°C Wednesday A mix of sun and cloud 7°C Thursday A mix of sun and cloud 6°C Friday Sunny -5°C More Weather | | Latest Edmonton News Headlines Candidates spar with Jason Kenney at PC leadership debate The search is on: Alberta Liberals looking for new leader Jason Kenney campaign insider, Alan Hallman, says he was booted from PC Party Alberta Liberals see opening as leadership race set to launch Fuel spilled near Onoway after tanker runs off road Edmonton Index Promos How a small southern Alberta town became a drone hotspot Alexander First Nation band members sue leaders for alleged 'illegal' payments Tenter freezes in winter camp out so newborns can stay warm in hospital Walmart faces 174 charges related to sale of fire-contaminated food Top News Headlines 'The super-rich and the rest of us': 2 richest Canadians have wealth equal to 11 million poorest Stern warning from CIA to Trump, as press corps waits for walking papers Market forces align against oilsands though innovation promises an upside read comments Trudeau's shuffled cabinet: Generational renewal or benched expertise? read comments Ottawa police not laying charges after cyclist, car standoff video read comments Most Viewed How a small southern Alberta town became a drone hotspot Fort McMurray Walmart customers react to charges of selling wildfire-contaminated food 'You're the female Gordie Howe': Hayley Wickenheiser honoured at Oilers game Candidates spar with Jason Kenney at PC leadership debate Trudeau's 'phase out' oilsands comments spark outrage in Alberta Fox Creek fracking operation closed indefinitely after earthquake Walmart faces 174 charges related to sale of fire-contaminated food The search is on: Alberta Liberals looking for new leader Fuel spilled near Onoway after tanker runs off road Don't Miss Luggage mangled on Air Canada flight 'looked like it was out of a war zone' Post-fire construction boom in Fort McMurray expected to surpass height of oilsands frenzy Video Red Deer man punches cougar at Tim Hortons to save dog YEAR IN REVIEW Edmonton's best restaurants 2016 Exclusive Son caught Edmonton mother fatally stabbing her daughter, police sources say Video Syrian family's arrival at Edmonton airport becomes music jam session Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart Shuffles Staff To Take Online Sales Seriously… For Real This Time Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Walmart Shuffles Staff To Take Online Sales Seriously… For Real This Time Image courtesy of Mike Mozart January 13, 2017 5:21 pm EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler focusing online walmart ecommerce Making Changes executive shifts online sales Despite being the nation’s largest retailer, Walmart still lags behind Amazon and others when it comes to online shopping. The company has spent billions of dollars in just the last year, buying Jet.com and ShoeBuy, so maybe it’s time for Walmart to finally get serious about sorting out e-commerce. Walmart issued an internal memo Friday announcing the departure of one executive and expanded roles for two others in a bid to “become a more customer-centric organization.” As part of the changes, the company will put more focus on integrating physical and online store operations. To that end, it has promoted Jeremy King to executive vice president and U.S. chief technology officer and global platforms. That mouthful of a title means that he will lead the company’s tech organization to bring together physical and commerce technology to create seamless experience for customers. “Whether they shop in-store, through the app, or online,” Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart’s commerce division, said in the memo. “The team will work to define and deliver experiences we want” for Walmart. Additionally, Scott Hilton will be promoted to senior vice president and chief revenue officer will be tasked with creating a retail organization “designed from the customer’s point of view.” To do this, the company says it will build on exiting categories like food and consumables, and expand areas like apparel, footwear, home, and other categories. “Our strategy is about offering more choice, competitive prices – particularly on food and consumables – and operating on the strength of the world’s most efficient e-commerce supply chain,” Lore said. The retailer says it will also focus on encouraging and implementing new ideas through its senior vice president of incubation and strategic partnerships, Seth Beal. While the memo obtained by Consumerist did not mention any departures, Recode reports that Michael Bender, the e-commerce division’s chief operating officer, would leave the company. The recent acquisitions of Jet and ShoeBuy indicate that Walmart may finally be digging in for an online battle with Amazon, but the company also has a history of talking a big game about e-commerce only to give up or change direction. In 2013, one former Walmart.com exec confessed that the retailer went through a yearly ritual of starting a “five-year planning exercise, but the plans were never executed and management would say the sales weren’t there to justify the investment capital.” January 13, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler focusing online walmart ecommerce Making Changes executive shifts online sales Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related changing pace Walmart Slowing Store Openings, Accelerating Distribution Centers Closing The Price Gap Walmart Might Begin Price-Matching Amazon, Other Online Retailers rival deal days Walmart Crashes Amazon’s Deal-Filled Birthday Party, Announces Its Own Mega Online Sale one way to boost sales Report: Walmart In Talks To Buy Jet.com where's my stuff? Walmart, Home Depot Relying More On Physical Stores To Complete Online Orders Previous Feds Shut Down Two Massive Illegal Robocall Operations Next Angry Customer Drives SUV Into T-Mobile Store, Keeps Destroying Stuff Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Angry Customer Drives SUV Into T-Mobile Store, Keeps Destroying Stuff Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Edmonton LIVE Edmonton More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada Edmonton Walmart faces 174 charges related to sale of fire-contaminated food 'This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community,' AHS statement alleges By Terry Reith, David Thurton, CBC News Posted: Jan 13, 2017 4:05 PM MT Last Updated: Jan 13, 2017 8:38 PM MT Charges laid under the Public Health Act state that WalMart Canada failed to ensure that food which had been contaminated in May's wildfire was not stocked or sold at its outlet in downtown Fort McMurray. (David Thurton/ CBC News) Walmart Canada and four of its senior managers face 174 charges under the Public Health Act related to the sale of food contaminated during a wildfire that engulfed Fort McMurray, Alta., last May. A 31-page charge sheet lists the sale of various food items ranging from chocolate bars and nacho chips to pasta, breakfast cereal, bacon and cheese. The charges, filed by Alberta Health Services, state that Walmart Canada failed to ensure that food that had been contaminated or was unfit for human consumption was not stocked or sold at its outlet in downtown Fort McMurray. Four of the charges allege that Walmart lied to public health inspectors by saying it was not selling food that had been contaminated during the fire. Fort McMurray wildfire will leave toxic legacy, experts say Hundreds of undamaged Fort McMurray homes declared unsafe due to toxic ash Fort McMurray wildfire remains out of control after city evacuated Court documents show the alleged violations occurred at the Walmart outlet on Hospital Street between May 24 and May 29, 2016. Prior to allowing residents to re-enter the city, municipal and health officials repeatedly advised residents and businesses to throw out any food products other than those stored safely in cans and tins. "I think the most alarming thing is the actual number of violations," said Keith Warriner, a food safety specialist at the University of Guelph. "It's surprising that such a retailer like Walmart would have been open to these charges, given that they should have been proactive in disposing of the goods." The four people charged are: Darren Kenyon; Sean Kenyon, the Walmart store manager; Michelle Payne, Walmart Canada's senior manager of food safety; and Dale Snowden, the director of disaster and response and recovery for Walmart Stores Inc. Walmart Canada declined an interview request, but in a written statement the senior director of corporate affairs, Alex Robertson, expressed surprise at the charges. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to re-open the store as soon as reasonably possible, in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community." Alberta Health Services also declined comment because the matter is now before the courts. 'Direct and avoidable risk' However, AHS spokesman Kerry Williamson issued a statement. In the statement, AHS alleged that Walmart, "despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing ... reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to the public." "This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community." More than 90,000 people in Fort McMurray and surrounding communities were forced from their homes for nearly a month after the fire May 3 wildfire, which destroyed about 2,400 homes and many buildings and left layers of toxic smoke-residue behind. Warriner said if those toxic substances got into food products, it could lead to long-term health consequences. "A lot of them are carcinogenic, so even though they won't affect you immediately they could put you at higher risk of cancer later on, if taken over a course of time." Under the Public Health Act, each offence carries a fine of up to $2,000. "I would imagine the actual fine that will be administered would be for each charge, which I guess they'll fight individually," said Warriner. "But I wouldn't be surprised if it's plus one hundred thousand dollars on this case." With files from Briar Stewart Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Monday Increasing cloudiness 4°C Tuesday A mix of sun and cloud 5°C Wednesday A mix of sun and cloud 7°C Thursday A mix of sun and cloud 6°C Friday Sunny -5°C More Weather | | Latest Edmonton News Headlines Candidates spar with Jason Kenney at PC leadership debate The search is on: Alberta Liberals looking for new leader Jason Kenney campaign insider, Alan Hallman, says he was booted from PC Party Alberta Liberals see opening as leadership race set to launch Fuel spilled near Onoway after tanker runs off road Edmonton Index Promos How a small southern Alberta town became a drone hotspot Alexander First Nation band members sue leaders for alleged 'illegal' payments Tenter freezes in winter camp out so newborns can stay warm in hospital Walmart faces 174 charges related to sale of fire-contaminated food Top News Headlines 'The super-rich and the rest of us': 2 richest Canadians have wealth equal to 11 million poorest Stern warning from CIA to Trump, as press corps waits for walking papers Market forces align against oilsands though innovation promises an upside read comments Trudeau's shuffled cabinet: Generational renewal or benched expertise? read comments Ottawa police not laying charges after cyclist, car standoff video read comments Most Viewed How a small southern Alberta town became a drone hotspot Fort McMurray Walmart customers react to charges of selling wildfire-contaminated food 'You're the female Gordie Howe': Hayley Wickenheiser honoured at Oilers game Candidates spar with Jason Kenney at PC leadership debate Trudeau's 'phase out' oilsands comments spark outrage in Alberta Fox Creek fracking operation closed indefinitely after earthquake Walmart faces 174 charges related to sale of fire-contaminated food The search is on: Alberta Liberals looking for new leader Fuel spilled near Onoway after tanker runs off road Don't Miss Luggage mangled on Air Canada flight 'looked like it was out of a war zone' Post-fire construction boom in Fort McMurray expected to surpass height of oilsands frenzy Video Red Deer man punches cougar at Tim Hortons to save dog YEAR IN REVIEW Edmonton's best restaurants 2016 Exclusive Son caught Edmonton mother fatally stabbing her daughter, police sources say Video Syrian family's arrival at Edmonton airport becomes music jam session Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
My SUN+ account Logout Search Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Edmonton Sun Sunday January 15 2017 Home News In News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports In Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf Mixed Martial Arts Other Sports Archives Entertainment In Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life In Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech In Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money In Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel In Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion In Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos In Photos Videos In Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Sunshine Girl In Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Archives Moremore Flyers This week Snow Scene As Advertised Edmonton Motor Show Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives News Edmonton Walmart charged for allegedly failing to throw out food after Fort McMurray wildfire By Keith Gerein First posted: Friday, January 13, 2017 03:18 PM MST | Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017 03:28 PM MST Walmart Article Tweet Change text size for the story Print this story Report an error Walmart Canada has been charged with numerous health violations for allegedly failing to throw out a wide variety of food and drinks from its Fort McMurray store in the weeks following last spring’s wildfire, Postmedia has learned. A total of 174 counts of Public Health Act violations have been laid against the company, most of them for “failing to ensure that food that has been contaminated or otherwise unfit for human consumption must not be served, offered for sale, processed, packaged, displayed or stored for human consumption.” The list of food items in question includes baby snacks, ice cream, cheese, yogurt, bacon, steaks, frozen fish and a wide variety of snacks, drinks and condiments. Four of the health act charges relate to “obstructing, hindering or interfering” Alberta Health Services inspectors by advising them that contaminated food was no longer being offered for sale. Court documents filed in Fort McMurray show the alleged violations occurred between May 24-29 last year. Four senior Walmart executives, including the U.S.-based director of disaster response and recovery, are included in the health act charges. The northern Alberta oilsands hub was evacuated on May 3 amid a massive wildfire that wiped out about 10 per cent of the community’s structures. A phased re-entry did not proceed until the first week of June though several people, including employees of some grocery and retail stores, came back early to ensure they were stocked with goods for returning evacuees. “We know that having access to safe food is essential to the health and recovery of any community,” AHS said in a statement Friday. “Food exposed to wildfire situations can be damaged by unsafe temperatures, smoke, ash, soot, fire retardant chemicals, water and loss of power during a fire. After the wildfire, we worked closely with food operations across Fort McMurray to support their reopening, safely, without posing further risk to the health of residents, visitors and volunteers. “Despite having received this guidance and direction from AHS, both in person and in writing, it is our belief that Walmart reopened selling wildfire-contaminated food to public.This was a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community.” Walmart also provided a written statement saying the company was surprised by the charges. “Walmart Canada follows very strict policies and procedures specifically designed to ensure the safety of the food we offer our customers,” said the statement from Alex Roberton, senior director, corporate affairs. “We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to reopen the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community. “We have not yet received Crown Disclosure in relation to these charges, and cannot comment further regarding this ongoing legal matter.” kgerein@postmedia.com twitter.com/keithgerein As Advertised in the Edmonton SUN Walmart charged for allegedly failing to throw out food after Fort McMurray wildfire By Keith Gerein First posted: Friday, January 13, 2017 03:18 PM MST | Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017 03:28 PM MST Walmart Canada has been charged with numerous health violations for allegedly failing to throw out a wide variety of food and drinks from its Fort McMurray store in the weeks following last spring’s wildfire, Postmedia has learned. A total of 174 counts of Public Health Act violations have been laid against the company, most of them for “failing to ensure that food that has been contaminated or otherwise unfit for human consumption must not be served, offered for sale, processed, packaged, displayed or stored for human consumption.” The list of food items in question includes baby snacks, ice cream, cheese, yogurt, bacon, steaks, frozen fish and a wide variety of snacks, drinks and condiments. Four of the health act charges relate to “obstructing, hindering or interfering” Alberta Health Services inspectors by advising them that contaminated food was no longer being offered for sale. Court documents filed in Fort McMurray show the alleged violations occur Top stories Popular Latest Videos Jason Kenney campaign member suspended from party ahead of Edmonton PC leadership debate Alberta Liberal Party launches leadership race Oilers pull out shootout win over Flames Alberta government drags heels on child intervention panel Seeking 'sugar daddies': Hundreds of Alberta university students turn to the Internet to help with finances Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia Mixed doubles curling or curling just mixed up? Milan Lucic showed his anger Saturday against Calgary Alberta Liberal Party launches leadership race Game Day: Arizona Coyotes at Edmonton Oilers Jane Fonda slams Justin Trudeau Southpark on Whyte Premier Rachel Notley comments on Jane Fonda’s remarks Staff Sgt. Bill Clark speaks Edmonton police celebrating 125 years of service in the city More from Edmonton Alberta Liberal Party launches leadership race Cam Tait: Edmonton couple celebrate 40 years of marital bliss Former hockey pro fits right in with new crop of Edmonton police recruits Homicide police investigate incident in northeast Edmonton Lorne Gunter: Justin Trudeau's 'phase out' oilsands gaffe a sign of naive, magic-wand thinking Inside Edmonton sun.com Home Rounds Fore Less 2016 Home Send/read letters News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump News Woman who blasted Trudeau gets online threats News Poodle back home after 10 days missing in Ottawa Sports Falcons mean business News Unfilled border tunnels in Mexico a security risk News Death toll at 26 from latest prison violence Entertainment Miley Cyrus hands out marijuana party bags News Transit tirade caught on video Sports Believe it! These young Leafs do News Alberta Liberal Party launches leadership race Home Mobile version News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf MMA Other Sports Archives Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Flyers This week Snow Scene As Advertised Edmonton Motor Show Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Sunshine Girl Follow Rss Facebook Twitter Subscribe Sun+ Print mobile Manage my account Buy SUN items Archives & Services Page Edmonton Sun Contact Us Letters to the editor Online Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Advertise In print Online Classified Advertising Opportunities Sun publications Toronto Sun Ottawa Sun Winnipeg Sun Calgary Sun More Publications Site map Privacy policy Terms & conditions Powered by Fatwire Canoe Sun Media is a member of Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Lake County News Grand jury indicts two in murder in Wal-Mart lot Two indicted for murder in Wal-Mart shooting Lake County Sheriffs Office / Orlando Sentinel Scott Bernard Thomas and Roderick Duane Haynes Jr., both 24 and from Leesburg, were indicted Jan. 12 by a grand jury on murder charges. Scott Bernard Thomas and Roderick Duane Haynes Jr., both 24 and from Leesburg, were indicted Jan. 12 by a grand jury on murder charges. (Lake County Sheriffs Office / Orlando Sentinel) Jason RuiterContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel After a drug deal turned into a robbery and a shooting at a Wal-Mart, two Leesburg men were indicted on murder Privacy Policy Two men accused in a shooting death in an apparent exchange of cash for marijuana outside a Lake County Wal-Mart last year were indicted this week on first-degree murder and armed-robbery charges. Authorities said Scott Bernard Thomas and Roderick Duane Haynes Jr., both 24 and from Leesburg, are responsible for killing Mark Allen Estes, 44, who was shot twice in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart that straddles Leesburg and Fruitland Park off U.S. Highway 441. "Generally, I can tell you that it appears to be a drug deal that turned into a robbery," Assistant State Attorney Rich Buxman said Friday. In reading text messages between the victim and the suspects, investigators said they discovered Estes had been at the Wal-Mart at about 7 p.m. Sept. 19 in a 2011 Cadillac to purchase "fire" — a slang term for marijuana. Video from the department store showed that Estes had been there about 7 p.m. when a 2011 Toyota Camry, that officers said had been stolen in Sumter County several weeks earlier, pulled up next to Estes' vehicle. About a minute later, it pulled out of the parking space, striking another car before driving away, according to arrest reports. Caption $100,000 reward for Markeith Loyd is for information only Orlando police Chief John Mina states that the $100,000 reward for Markeith Loyd is for information leading to his arrest. He strongly advises people not to engage with Loyd and "take matters into their own hands." Orlando police Chief John Mina states that the $100,000 reward for Markeith Loyd is for information leading to his arrest. He strongly advises people not to engage with Loyd and "take matters into their own hands." Caption $100,000 reward for Markeith Loyd is for information only Orlando police Chief John Mina states that the $100,000 reward for Markeith Loyd is for information leading to his arrest. He strongly advises people not to engage with Loyd and "take matters into their own hands." Orlando police Chief John Mina states that the $100,000 reward for Markeith Loyd is for information leading to his arrest. He strongly advises people not to engage with Loyd and "take matters into their own hands." Caption Woman, son set on fire A Palm Bay woman and her son died after they were doused with gasoline and set on fire, police said. (Video from Fox 35 Orlando) A Palm Bay woman and her son died after they were doused with gasoline and set on fire, police said. (Video from Fox 35 Orlando) Caption Majority of police in the U.S. say their jobs have gotten harder Police officers in the U.S. think their job has gotten harder as of late, according to a new report by the Pew Research Center. (Jan. 11, 2017) Police officers in the U.S. think their job has gotten harder as of late, according to a new report by the Pew Research Center. (Jan. 11, 2017) Caption Man attempts to cover up killing with social media After allegedly killing his wife Kristen McShane, George McShane posted as her on Facebook and then attempted to kill himself. After allegedly killing his wife Kristen McShane, George McShane posted as her on Facebook and then attempted to kill himself. Caption Where does Crimeline's money come from? - Orlando News Now There is a $100,000 reward for the capture of Loyd, the highest since 24-year-old Jennifer Kesse's high-profile disappearance in January 2006. The reward for the Orlando woman's safe return was increased to $1 million, but it expired after a year. She was never found. There is a $100,000 reward for the capture of Loyd, the highest since 24-year-old Jennifer Kesse's high-profile disappearance in January 2006. The reward for the Orlando woman's safe return was increased to $1 million, but it expired after a year. She was never found. Estes was lying on the ground, with spent .40-caliber ammunition nearby, the report said. "The victim was inside the Camry when he was shot," Buxman said, and officers found one bullet hole through the front seat and a "partial projectile" in the rear seat. Thomas was arrested several days later and Haynes was arrested in November in Leesburg with the help of U.S. marshals, Buxman said. The mandatory minimum sentence for those convicted of first-degree murder is life imprisonment, he said. jruiter@orlandosentinel.com or 352-742-5927. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Crime Theft Homicide Leesburg Lake County All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 65°
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Crime updated: 1/13/2017 3:38 PM Fox Valley police reports Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Batavia • Michael A. Pedroza, 25, of the 100 block of Ann Street, Elgin, was charged with retail theft at 1:02 p.m. Wednesday at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, police said. • Jocelyn Esparza-Velazquez, 21, of the 100 block of East State Street, North Aurora, was charged with retail theft at 5:11 p.m. Wednesday at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, police said. • A camera-carrying drone crashed into the side of a house in the 300 block of Taubert Avenue, damaging its vinyl siding, it was reported to police at 10:33 a.m. Jan. 7. • Erica L. Ransford, 30, of the 700 block of Laurie Lane, Oswego, was charged with retail theft at 4:37 p.m. Jan. 7 at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, police said. • Alexandra N. Cuevas, 20, of the 2700 block of Bull Run Drive, Aurora, was charged with criminal trespassing and retail theft at 7 p.m. Jan. 7 at Kohl's, 251 N. Randall Road, police said. Geneva • Mark G. Schupbach, 35, of the 2000 block of Ovaltine Court, Villa Park, was charged with battery at 9:30 p.m. Jan. 7 in the 300 block of West State Street, police said. • Daryl R. Brown, 43, of the 700 block of West Liberty Drive, Wheaton, was charged with criminal trespassing at 7:50 p.m. Jan. 3 at The Little Owl, 101 W. State St., police said. • Scott A. Newell, 55, of the 100 block of Woodrow Avenue in Battle Creek, Mich., was charged with criminal trespassing at 5:20 p.m. Dec. 31 at Delnor Hospital, 300 S. Randall Road, police said. He is accused of returning to the hospital, for no medical reason, after he was warned to stay away. • Matthew J. Fugate, 27, of the 100 block of Walnut Drive, St. Charles, was charged with disorderly conduct at noon Dec. 31 in the 1500 block of Randall Road, police said. • Matthew W. Mann, 18, of the 1300 block of Arlington Court, Geneva, was charged with possession of alcohol by a minor, transportation of open alcohol, improper lane use and driving under the influence of alcohol at 1:07 a.m. Dec. 29 in the 2100 block of Fargo Boulevard, police said. • Four people from Geneva were charged with consumption of alcohol by a minor at 12:17 a.m. Dec. 28 in the 200 block of North River Street, police said. They are: Annika E. Radabaugh, 18, of the 0-99 block of Briar Lane; Katherine E. Benjamin, 18, of the 500 block of Oakwood Drive; Stephen M. Kemp, 18, of the 0N0-99 block of Green Place; and Rachel E. Fanella, 19, of the 0N500 block of Dobson Lane. • Fifty-eight brassieres worth $3,413 were stolen between 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. Dec. 28 from Victoria's Secret, 222 Commons Drive. Get articles sent to your inbox. Click here to sign up for the Elgin Newsletter Tweet This article filed under: News Aurora Batavia Elgin Geneva North Aurora Oswego St. Charles Police Blotter Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Wal-Mart Reorganizing E-Commerce Unit As Amazon Pressure Fierce Amazon's growth is taking a toll on rivals, as Wal-Mart reorganizes its e-commerce unit. (Jonathan Weiss/Shutterstock) BRIAN DEAGON 1/13/2017 Reprints With Amazon.com (AMZN) breathing down its neck, Wal-Mart (WMT) has reorganized its e-commerce unit and assigned new executive positions. The changes are meant to make Wal-Mart more "customer-centric," says a report from Bloomberg. Wal-Mart is investing heavily in online operations. It bought e-commerce startup Jet.com for $3.3 billion in September. The founder of Jet.com, Marc Lore, is now CEO of Wal-Mart's e-commerce operation. The company is streamlining its web team so that it can better serve customers when they shop online, via smartphones or in stores, according to a Wal-Mart memo obtained by Bloomberg. Amazon has put increased pressure on Wal-Mart in fields like food and grocery and apparel. And last month, Amazon announced Amazon Go, a high-tech convenience store in Seattle, where Amazon is based. The 1,800-square-foot store is in beta-testing for now; it's slated to open to all in early 2017. Amazon Go takes dead aim at the physical-store world and poses an increasing threat to Wal-Mart and others. Amazon stock rose 0.44% to 817.24 in the stock market today, and it's risen all but one trading day in 2017. Wal-Mart stock fell 1.2% to 67.13. IBD'S TAKE: In addition to its bold e-commerce play, Amazon is leading the market in cloud computing services with other plans to spread its tentacles far and wide. The threat of Amazon is putting the squeeze on Wal-Mart and other big retailers such as Macy's (M), Kohl's (KSS) and Sears (SHLD), and the company looks to be getting larger. On Thursday, Amazon said it would boost its full-time U.S.-based workforce by 100,000, aiming to reach 280,000 jobs by mid-2018. Amazon employed 30,000 in 2011. Amazon said many of the new jobs will be in fulfillment centers that have been announced over the past several months and are currently under construction in Texas, California, Florida, New Jersey and other states. Amazon delivered more than 2 billion packages for independent merchants in 2016, more than double its 2015 tally. But a report by Pacific Crest Securities says the new hires could also be part of Amazon's push to accelerate efforts to build physical stores. "Amazon will also add nonfulfillment center jobs, but we think that still leaves a significant and unexplained gap," the Pacific Crest report said. "We believe that this could be explained by an accelerated rollout of physical stores. In particular, we think that a potential grocery pickup concept looks particularly promising." Already this year, Macy's has detailed plans to shutter 68 stores and cut more than 10,000 jobs. It plans to close a total of 100 locations. Macy's and Kohl's both slashed holiday-quarter earnings estimates after their same-store sales for November-December fell 2.1%. Sears said it would close another 150 Sears and Kmart stores. The Limited said it would close all 250 of its stores, and ax 4,000 jobs, as it moves its entire operation online. RELATED: Amazon Spreads Its Tentacles Far Beyond 'World's Biggest Bookstore' Amazon's Latest Perk For Prime Members? 5% Back Visa Card Amazon's Next Big Growth Opportunity Could Be Apparel Amazon: Still The E-Commerce Elephant In The Retail Room? BRIAN DEAGON | Facebook | @IBD_BDeagon Share this: Related news Apple, Google, Netflix Are In Buy Range; Amazon, Facebook Near Breakouts 11:11 AM ET It's been a FANG-tastic start to the new year, with Netflix, Alphabet and Apple breaking out, and Amazon and Facebook... 11:11 AM ET It's been a FANG-tastic start to the new year, with... Which Sectors Have Gotten The Trump Bump Or Dump So Far This Year? Cotiviti Aims At Health-Care Waste, Finds Target-Rich Environment Apple Is Moving Into A Spaceship HQ, But Needs Hit Products To Blast Off Week In Review: Trump Murders Drug Stocks; Apple Breaks Out; GM Bullish Nasdaq Caps Off Strong Start To Year; Netflix Upgraded Ahead Of Earnings Netflix Hits Record High As Sentiment Improves Ahead Of Q4 Earnings Stocks Mixed As Dow Gives Up Gains; Why Is Apple's Breakout Stalling? Hot Mutual Fund Manager Dissects Leading Holdings Like Facebook, Alphabet Today's Spotlight A Look Ahead to 2017 with IBD Before we look at what's ahead in 2017, here are some of IBD's key events and enhancements in 2016. Join IBD at The Orlando MoneyShow Learn about trading fundamentals, top-performing growth stocks and more! Try SwingTrader Free – New App! Download our new App! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News Netflix Leads 5 Hot Techs To Watch As Nasdaq Closes At New High Annuities should be viewed as contracts guaranteeing a sum of money paid each year, rather than as investments. (Alexander Supertramp/Shutterstock.com) Annuities: Love Them Or Hate Them, At Least They're Not Risky Exploring independence: Why do advisors choose the RIA model? Promoted Content By Schwab Advisor Services Special Report IPO Stock News And Analysis: Find Today's Top New Issues Get the latest news on recent and upcoming IPOs, filings for new issues, and today’s top-performing IPO stocks. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart expands exec roles in online push - memo By Reuters Published: 16:11 EST, 13 January 2017 | Updated: 16:11 EST, 13 January 2017 e-mail Jan 13 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc expanded the roles of a number of executives to handle responsibilities for both its brick-and-mortar stores and online operations, according to an internal memo seen by Reuters. Jeremy King, who was the chief technology officer of global ecommerce for Wal-Mart Stores, will oversee the technology teams for both its brick and mortar retail stores and its ecommerce business, which includes Walmart.com and Jet.com, the memo said. Tony Rogers, the chief marketing officer of Wal-Mart in the United States, will now also oversee online marketing efforts as the company shifts its focus to building its websites and ecommerce offerings, the memo from Marc Lore, chief executive of Wal-Mart's U.S. e-commerce business, said on Friday. Wal-Mart said GE Power executive Clay Johnson will replace Karenann Terrell as chief information officer. Terrell, who has been in the post since 2012, will leave in February. The moves come a few days after reports emerged that Wal-Mart would be cutting hundreds of jobs by the end of the month. (Reporting by Gayathree Ganesan in Bengaluru) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Trending: JOHN LEWIS JOE BIDEN RUSSIA STEVEN MCDONALD JEFF SESSIONS Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Pics TV Movies Music Theater & Arts Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: JOHN LEWIS JOE BIDEN RUSSIA STEVEN MCDONALD JEFF SESSIONS New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email Unhappy Walmart workers plan mass protests leading up to Black Friday Walmart workers plan pre-Black Friday protests BY Victoria Cavaliere NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017, 3:10 PM facebook Tweet email Workers at the world's largest retailer are planning protests through the start of the holiday shopping season. (Steven Senne/AP) BY Victoria Cavaliere NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017, 3:10 PM The country’s biggest retail chain might get hit where it hurts on Black Friday. Walmart employees protesting low wages and skyrocketing insurance premiums are planning a wave of protests across the country through next week’s unofficial shopping holiday. Organizers say a thousand store protests are planned in Los Angeles, Chicago, Dallas, Miami, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Minnesota and dozens of other places. “With so many Americans struggling to make ends meet and Walmart taking in $16 billion in profits and compensating its executives $10 million each, workers and community leaders have been calling on Walmart and Chairman Rob Walton to address the wage gap the company is creating,” a press release said. Workers have already started walking off the job at stores and warehouses in California and Seattle, according to the union-backed employee group Walmart Workers for Change. “No matter how hard we work, my husband and I can’t catch up on our bills,” said Charlene Fletcher, a Walmart employee and union leader in Duarte, Calif. RELATED: HOSTESS TO CLOSE, CITES NATIONWIDE WORKERS STRIKE Fletcher said her husband also works for the retailer, and both have been subjected to poor scheduling, low pay and what she described as the company’s “disregard” for its employees. Walmart workers will also endure a 36% increase in insurance premiums starting next year, a spike that minimum wage or hourly workers can’t afford, the workers’ group said. Walmart told the Daily News the protests are "another exaggerated publicity campaign aimed at generating headlines to mislead our customers and associates." The Arkansas-based company, which employees 1.4 million people, also said it "has some of the best jobs in the retail industry." "Our wages and benefits typically meet or exceed those at a majority of our competitors, including those that are unionized," spokesman Dan Fogleman said. The company is also one of the biggest Black Friday competitors, and it plans to open its doors at 8 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day. Workers say they were not given a choice about being scheduled the night of the holiday. But working holidays is not unusual, according to Steven Restivo, Senior Director of Community Affairs for Walmart.  "Most of our stores are open 24 hours and, historically, much of our Black Friday preparations have been done on Thanksgiving," he said. vcavaliere@nydailynews.com Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Retail Consumer Retail Media Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Jet.com founder shakes up Wal-Mart staff Courtney Reagan | @CourtReagan Friday, 13 Jan 2017 | 3:18 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Seth Wenig | AP Marc Lore Change is a part of the territory when new leadership comes into a business. Since Wal-Mart completed its acquisition of Jet.com in September, the e-commerce site's founder Marc Lore has been studying his new parent company's business and he's shaking it up with the blessing of the retailer's CEO. Wal-Mart said it is realigning leadership to better match how customers are shopping today — not just at its stores but on its main website and Jet.com. Two memos sent to employees Friday from Lore, president & CEO Walmart eCommerce U.S., and Doug McMillon, Wal-Mart's president and CEO, explain changes that blend leadership for stores and online. In McMillon's memo, he said, "we need more speed and less bureaucracy" to better serve shoppers to save them money and time. He added, some elimination of positions is part of the effort "to stay lean and fast" but in other cases, new positions will be created. On Tuesday, people close to the matter told CNBC hundreds of headquarters' jobs would be eliminated before the end of January, many in human resources. The following day, tech company Workday said the retailer had purchases a subscription to its human resources platform. The strategy is seemingly a continuation of its decision last year to combine corporate IT personnel at its Arkansas headquarters with its e-commerce team in Silicon Valley. When traditional brick-and-mortar retailers began launching websites years ago, leadership teams were often separate. But as the world has changed and many consumers shop both online and in-store, more retailers are moving to integrate teams from two separate operational divisions, to one. While it sounds like a simple concept, it can be difficult to execute. Some argue it's necessary integration pain, and Wal-Mart is later to the game than other retailers. New responsibilities show chapters Stupid acquisition award for WMT/Jet.com: Cohen    Wednesday, 17 Aug 2016 | 10:04 AM ET | 03:58 Lore's team will work with Wal-Mart U.S. CEO Greg Foran and is a combination of individuals from Wal-Mart and Jet.com. Liza Landsman was promoted to president of Jet.com from her prior position as chief customer officer. Scott Hilton was promoted from chief revenue officer at Jet.com, to senior vice president and chief revenue officer overseeing Wal-Mart's owned merchandise selling, its marketplace sellers and digital store operations across Walmart.com, Jet.com and Hayneedle.com Jeremy King was tapped to be executive vice president and U.S. chief technology officer and global platforms. King, who will lead U.S. technology, in-stores and online., was previously chief technology officer for Wal-Mart global eCommerce. Jordan Sweetnam is now the retailer's vice president of customer experience, product, focusing on products, shoppers, and faster execution across the board for the retailer. Sweetnam was formerly the vice president of global product for Walmart eCommerce. Seth Beal is assuming a new role as senior vice president, incubation and strategic partnerships, leading a team that works on identifying new technologies and ideas to better serve Walmart customers. Beal previously was SVP, global marketplace and digital store operations for Walmart eCommerce. Tony Rogers, Walmart U.S. chief marketing officer, will now lead marketing over Walmart's stores, Walmart.com and Jet.com. Nate Faust, co-founder and formerly COO at Jet.com, is now taking on the role of senior vice president for U.S. eCommerce and supply chain for Walmart U.S., overseeing logistics and supply chain for the organization in the U.S. for both stores and online. Departures Neil Ashe, who has been the head of Wal-Mart's global e-commerce efforts will be leaving the company on Jan. 31. It was previously announced that he would depart. Michael Bender, Walmart global eCommerce chief operating officer is also leaving the company. Last week, Walmart said Sam's Club CEO Rosalind Brewer was retiring and John Furner was stepping up to take over. Karenann Terrell will depart her role as chief information officer on Feb. 24. New hire, new division Clay Johnson joins Wal-Mart for a newly created role of enterprise chief information officer, reporting to CFO Brett Biggs. Johnson will focus on lowering costs, leveraging the retailer's scale, cybersecurity and the associate experience. Wal-Mart is creating a new division that focuses on improving customer care, better managing returns and fraud prevention. Courtney ReaganCNBC Retail Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Trending: JOHN LEWIS JOE BIDEN RUSSIA STEVEN MCDONALD JEFF SESSIONS Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Pics TV Movies Music Theater & Arts Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: JOHN LEWIS JOE BIDEN RUSSIA STEVEN MCDONALD JEFF SESSIONS New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email Unhappy Walmart workers plan mass protests leading up to Black Friday Walmart workers plan pre-Black Friday protests BY Victoria Cavaliere NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017, 3:10 PM facebook Tweet email Workers at the world's largest retailer are planning protests through the start of the holiday shopping season. (Steven Senne/AP) BY Victoria Cavaliere NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017, 3:10 PM The country’s biggest retail chain might get hit where it hurts on Black Friday. Walmart employees protesting low wages and skyrocketing insurance premiums are planning a wave of protests across the country through next week’s unofficial shopping holiday. Organizers say a thousand store protests are planned in Los Angeles, Chicago, Dallas, Miami, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Minnesota and dozens of other places. “With so many Americans struggling to make ends meet and Walmart taking in $16 billion in profits and compensating its executives $10 million each, workers and community leaders have been calling on Walmart and Chairman Rob Walton to address the wage gap the company is creating,” a press release said. Workers have already started walking off the job at stores and warehouses in California and Seattle, according to the union-backed employee group Walmart Workers for Change. “No matter how hard we work, my husband and I can’t catch up on our bills,” said Charlene Fletcher, a Walmart employee and union leader in Duarte, Calif. RELATED: HOSTESS TO CLOSE, CITES NATIONWIDE WORKERS STRIKE Fletcher said her husband also works for the retailer, and both have been subjected to poor scheduling, low pay and what she described as the company’s “disregard” for its employees. Walmart workers will also endure a 36% increase in insurance premiums starting next year, a spike that minimum wage or hourly workers can’t afford, the workers’ group said. Walmart told the Daily News the protests are "another exaggerated publicity campaign aimed at generating headlines to mislead our customers and associates." The Arkansas-based company, which employees 1.4 million people, also said it "has some of the best jobs in the retail industry." "Our wages and benefits typically meet or exceed those at a majority of our competitors, including those that are unionized," spokesman Dan Fogleman said. The company is also one of the biggest Black Friday competitors, and it plans to open its doors at 8 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day. Workers say they were not given a choice about being scheduled the night of the holiday. But working holidays is not unusual, according to Steven Restivo, Senior Director of Community Affairs for Walmart.  "Most of our stores are open 24 hours and, historically, much of our Black Friday preparations have been done on Thanksgiving," he said. vcavaliere@nydailynews.com Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Sunday, January 15, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Man found with drugs, gun at Walmart Friday, January 13, 2017 Snyder ‹ Prev 1 of 2 Next › By Chris Reber creber@tnonline.com A Lehighton man was found with drugs and a gun when police stopped him while he was allegedly shoplifting at the Walmart in Mahoning Township last month. Daniel Snyder, 31, of Second Street was arrested after an incident that occurred at 2:20 a.m. Dec. 18. Police responded to Walmart for a report of a man in the store attempting to shoplift. Officers met with Snyder in the hardware section of the store and he agreed to follow them to the store’s office. Once inside, the officers patted down Snyder and found a handgun in the waistband of his pants which Snyder did not have a license to carry. Officers said the weapon contained a magazine with seven .45-caliber rounds, and one in the chamber. Another magazine with seven rounds was found in a holster. After discovering the weapon, police searched Snyder and found baggies with what they believed to be heroin and methamphetamine. Police transported Snyder to Mahoning Township Police Department. They searched a bag which had been taken from the vehicle which Snyder arrived in, and found brass knuckles, knives and ammunition for the weapon. Police said they also found a flare gun, pepper spray and suspected acid. Snyder has been charged with illegal possession of a firearm, a felony, as well as misdemeanor drug and retail theft charges. A preliminary hearing was held Jan. 11 before Senior Judge Edward M. Lewis, and all charges were bound for court. Snyder is still locked up in lieu of $50,000 bail. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions CRIME Search for slain-officer suspect expands to small city Published January 13, 2017 Associated Press Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print FILE - This undated photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd is wanted for killing an Orlando police officer outside a Wal-Mart in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Department via AP, File)  (The Associated Press) Candles and TV lights illuminate the crowd during a vigil at Wal-Mart store where an Orlando police sergeant was killed Monday and for an Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy killed during a manhunt of the suspect, in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP)  (The Associated Press) Tricia Dennis and Orlando city commissioner Regina Hill, far left, pay their respects at a makeshift memorial to honor an Orlando police sergeant killed Monday at the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store and an Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy before a candlelight vigil at the store in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP)  (The Associated Press) Previous Next ORLANDO, Fla. –  Authorities in a small central Florida city located 40 miles southwest of Orlando are warning residents that a fugitive wanted for the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer may be hiding in the area. The Haines City police posted on social media Friday that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd is believed to have family in the area. A reward of $100,000 is being offered for information that leads to his arrest. Authorities have been searching for Loyd since Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was killed Monday in the parking lot of an Orlando Wal-Mart. Clayton's funeral service is planned for Saturday. A police motorcade escorted a hearse with her body through downtown Orlando. Orlando Police Department workers lined the street outside as the motorcade passed headquarters. Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Army, local police probe recent mystery deaths of 11 Fort Hood soldiers 2 New evidence suggests D.B. Cooper may have worked for Boeing 3 Woman charged in adopted daughter's death fostered 30 kids 4 Ringling Bros. circus plans to shut down 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 5 Legal group goes to bat for eighth-grader suspended for using oregano in pot prank Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Search for suspect in officer slaying expands to small city By Associated Press Published: 16:02 EST, 13 January 2017 | Updated: 16:02 EST, 13 January 2017 e-mail ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Authorities in a small central Florida city 40 miles southwest of Orlando are warning residents that a fugitive wanted for the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer may be hiding in the area. The Haines City police posted on social media Friday that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd is believed to have family in the area. A reward of $100,000 is being offered for information that leads to his arrest. Authorities have been searching for Loyd since Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was killed Monday in the parking lot of an Orlando Wal-Mart. FILE - This undated photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd is wanted for killing an Orlando police officer outside a Wal-Mart in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Department via AP, File) Clayton's funeral service is planned for Saturday. A police motorcade escorted a hearse with her body through downtown Orlando. Orlando Police Department workers lined the street outside as the motorcade passed headquarters. Candles and TV lights illuminate the crowd during a vigil at Wal-Mart store where an Orlando police sergeant was killed Monday and for an Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy killed during a manhunt of the suspect, in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Tricia Dennis and Orlando city commissioner Regina Hill, far left, pay their respects at a makeshift memorial to honor an Orlando police sergeant killed Monday at the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store and an Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy before a candlelight vigil at the store in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Family and friends honor two law enforcement officers during a candlelight vigil in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017. Authorities raised to $100,000 the reward for information leading to the arrest of a suspect in the fatal shooting of the Orlando police sergeant on Tuesday as he eluded hundreds of officers on the second day of a massive manhunt. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Nine-year-old Nyasia Bell, from left, 6-year-old Nahla Bell and their aunt, Evelyn McKay, light candles during a vigil at a Wal-Mart store, where an Orlando police sergeant was killed Monday, and for an Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy killed during a manhunt of a suspect, in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017. Authorities raised to $100,000 the reward for information leading to the arrest of the suspect in the fatal shooting of the Orlando police sergeant on Tuesday as he eluded hundreds of officers on the second day of a massive manhunt. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) A wreath and flowers surround Orlando police shooting victim, officer Debra Clayton's patrol car, in front of police headquarters, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Clayton was killed Monday, and a manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Trending: 6 Secret Places to Find Coupons for Fresh Fruits and VegetablesThe 3 Golden Rules of Lending to Friends and FamilyHow the Trump Tax Plan Will Hit YouMorning Deals: Saturday, Jan. 1450 Ways to Make a Fast $5020 Clever Ways to Make Extra Money Register / Login Articles Trending 6 Secret Places to Find Coupons for Fresh Fruits and Vegetables The 3 Golden Rules of Lending to Friends and Family How the Trump Tax Plan Will Hit You Morning Deals: Saturday, Jan. 14 50 Ways to Make a Fast $50 20 Clever Ways to Make Extra Money Categories Around The House Business Cars College Credit & Debt Eco-Friendly Family Insurance Investing Jobs & Work Real Estate Retirement Shopping Taxes Tech Travel Ripoffs Ask Stacy Video Vintage Deals Coupons Solutions MTN Solutions Center No matter what your financial situation, whether you have more debt than you can deal with or are just looking for a credit card with better rewards, we can help you find what you need. Get help with Credit Card Debt Tax Debt Student Loan Debt Credit Restoration Collector Harassment Social Security Find a new or better Credit Card Personal Loan Mortgage Brokerage Insurance Plan Car Loan Savings Account Budget Cell Phone Plan Register Login Deals Coupons Solutions Search for: Search Search for: Search Sign up for our free newsletter and we'll send you a PDF with 205 ways to save! Click here to sign up now! Sign up Family Walmart, Sam’s Club to Offer Free Health Tests Saturday More Great Articles! Our free newsletter is filled with articles just like this. Sign up now and get a free PDF with 205 ways to save! Sign up We respect your privacy and do not share or sell email addresses. See our Privacy Policy for more information. Daily Tips That Can Change Your Life Join our 367,482 active subscribers! Daily tips to make more, spend less, and reach your goals Fun-to-watch videos, easy-to-read articles Get any money question answered in our forums Sign up Thank you for all of the advice and news you share; it is priceless! I post so many of your things on Facebook. Please keep up the great work. Harmony These are real, unsolicited comments from our readers. Popular Videos Things You Must Buy at the Dollar Store Things You Shouldn't Buy at the Dollar Store Cheap Car Fixes You Need to Do Now Recent Videos Make Extra Money by Renting Out Your Car Can You Pass a Quiz on Taxes? 5 Benefits of Exercising Outdoors in Winter What's Hot How to Cut the Cable TV Cord in 2017Family 8 Major Freebies and Discounts You Get With Amazon PrimeSave Study: People Who Curse Are More HonestFamily 8 Creative Ways to Clear ClutterAround The House 15 Things You Should Always Buy at a Dollar StoreMore Pay $2 and Get Unlimited Wendy’s Frosty Treats in 2017Family 5 Reasons to Shop for a Home in DecemberFamily This Free Software Brings Old Laptops Back to LifeMore Should You Donate to Wreaths Across America? A Lesson in Charitable GivingAround The House 6 Reasons Why Savers Are Sexier Than SpendersCredit & Debt Resolutions 2017: Save More Money Using 5 Simple TricksCredit & Debt 10 Free Things That Used to Cost MoneyAround The House 7 New Year’s Resolutions to Make With Your KidsFamily 10 Simple Money Moves to Make Before the New YearFamily The 3 Golden Rules of Lending to Friends and FamilyBorrow A total of more than 5,200 locations will participate in the screenings. By Karla Bowsher on January 13, 2017 Photo by KUMOHD / Shutterstock.com Sam’s Club and Walmart stores will offer free health screenings to the public on Saturday. It will be the first time that the retail chains, both owned by Walmart Stores Inc., do so simultaneously. A total of more than 5,200 locations will participate. Contact your local stores to see if the screenings will be offered. George Riedl, senior vice president and president for Walmart Health & Wellness, explains in a company announcement: “Knowing your numbers is critical to achieving your healthy resolutions and to maintaining a healthy lifestyle. That’s why Walmart and Sam’s Club have joined together for the very first time to kick off 2017 with the company’s largest free health screening event to-date.” Walmart More than 4,600 Walmart stores will participate, offering free screenings from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. local time on Jan. 14. Those screenings will include: Blood glucose, aka blood sugar Blood pressure Vision Body fat (offered for the first time) Body mass index (offered for the first time) Product samples and health insurance information will also be available, and pharmacists will offer immunizations at certain locations. Sam’s Club About 618 Sam’s Club locations will participate, offering free screenings — valued at up to $150 — to both its members and the public from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. local time on Jan. 14. (Limited quantities of screenings are available.) Those screenings will include: Blood glucose Blood pressure Vision/hearing (where applicable) Body fat Total cholesterol HDL, aka “good” cholesterol Sam’s Club pharmacists will offer immunizations too. For more help sticking to your health-conscious resolutions in 2017, check out: “6 Tips for Keeping Your 2017 Fitness Resolutions“ “5 Simple Ways to Lose Weight Without Spending a Dime“ Do you take advantage of freebies like these screenings? Let us know below or on our Facebook page. It's not the usual blah, blah, blah I know... every site you visit wants you to subscribe to their newsletter. But our news and advice is actually worth reading! For 25 years, I've been making people richer without making their eyes glaze over. Take 5 seconds and join our family by clicking here. You'll be glad you did. I guarantee it! Want to learn to grow your money? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Want tons of ways to grow your money? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Looking to get out of the rat race? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Daily tips to make and save money Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up 💰🗣📰 Read Next: 10 Tips to Maximize Your High-Deductible Health Plan Promoted Content More Money Talks News 10 Tips to Maximize Your High-Deductible Health Plan Secret Cell Plans: Savings Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Sprint Don’t Want You to Know About 6 Secret Places to Find Coupons for Fresh Fruits and Vegetables The 3 Golden Rules of Lending to Friends and Family How the Trump Tax Plan Will Hit You 50 Ways to Make a Fast $50 20 Clever Ways to Make Extra Money Protecting Trump Will Cost Taxpayers $35 Million Comments Check Out Our Hottest Deals! We're always adding new deals and coupons that'll save you big bucks. See the deals to the right and hundreds more in our Deals section. Click here to explore 1,805 more deals! Best Buy Visa Checkout Offer: $25 off $100 Sharp 50" 1080p LED LCD Roku Smart TV for $225 + free 2-day shipping © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Newsletter About Ads Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy Newsletter About Ads Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. As Seen on TV! We air as part of the local newscast on more than 80 NBC, CBS, ABC, and Fox television affiliates around the country. Find your local affiliate on our map or contact your favorite station and tell them you want Money Talks News. × It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Articles to help you save money and build wealth, delivered daily. Sign up now and receive a free PDF with 205 ways to save! Sign up No thanks, I'm not all that into money.
Menu asia times EST 1995 United States | The case for local, mom & pop grocers over Walmart Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Like Follow Follow Subscribe To The Daily Brief Search Main China South Asia Insights More Politics Business Culture About Us Search TheBrief Main Latest 16-01-2017 10:25 Deciding the location of a U.S. missile defence system in South Korea could be delayed, Seoul's defence ministry said on Monday, according to the Yonhap News Agency. (Reuters) 16-01-2017 10:06 Crowing: Year of the rooster luxury watches have arrived (JingDaily) 16-01-2017 10:04 The Japanese stars of Martin Scorsese's Silence heaped praise on the American auteur's direction at an event at the Foreign Correspondents' Club of Japan (FCCJ). (Kenta Kato) 16-01-2017 09:59 Ban Ki-moon, opposition jostle for South Korea presidential run (Korea Times) 16-01-2017 09:54 Korea prosecutors yet to decide on Samsung chief investigation (Korea Times) 16-01-2017 09:50 Japan’s government computers get regularly hacked (Ayako Mie) 16-01-2017 09:42 Kansai Electric investigated in latest death-from-overwork case (Kyodo) 16-01-2017 09:37 Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Indonesian President Joko “Jokowi” Widodo met south of Jakarta on Sunday, affirming coordination on maritime security amid tensions over China’s military buildup in disputed waters in the South China Sea. (Kyodo, Japan Times) 16-01-2017 09:18 Philip Morris International is fighting to keep a toehold in India’s US$11 billion tobacco market, as the government considers further tightening foreign investment rules in the sector. (Aditya Kalra) 16-01-2017 08:51 SpaceX successfully returns with Falcon 9 launch (TechCrunch) 16-01-2017 07:54 More than six months after Richard Huckle was sentenced to life in jail for sexually abusing scores of children, most families in the Malaysian communities where he lived are declining counselling. (Reuters) 16-01-2017 07:28 Myanmar’s strongest ethnic armed group is set for its biggest leadership shake-up in a quarter century, senior sources said, raising the prospect of a period of instability. (Reuters) 16-01-2017 07:24 Why photojournalists are more important now than ever (Artsy Magazine) 16-01-2017 04:01 Insights // Is China the new custodian of the Middle East? (Shazar Shafqat, Security Analyst) 16-01-2017 01:15 Insights // Empowered Women can create a stronger, healthier Pakistan (Dawar N. H. Butt, Political Commentator) 15-01-2017 20:57 Insights // Note to Abbas: Wake up, China is reshaping the Middle East (Francesco Sisci, Columnist) 15-01-2017 15:57 Myanmar’s “Burmese Python” Aung La N Sang put up little resistance against his Russian opponent, Vitaly Bigdash, who easily retained his ONE Middleweight World Championship on Saturday in Indonesia. (Asia Times staff) 15-01-2017 15:56 Insights // Unrest growing in India’s army, central armed police forces (Kadayam Subramanian) 15-01-2017 12:52 A New York fashion designer was arrested in Mexico and sent to the United States where he is charged in a bribery case that has ensnared relatives of former UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. (Reuters) 15-01-2017 12:22 One of the quirkiest temples in the Tokyo area has to be Gotoku-ji. At the entrance it looks like like many other temples, but take a wander inside and a certain feature makes this place stand out. (Said Karlsson) 15-01-2017 12:09 In an Istanbul neighborhood of Central Asian migrants, there is horror but scant surprise that a gunman who killed 39 people on New Year’s Day may have spent time in their community. (Reuters) 15-01-2017 11:39 Two Chinese nationals of Uyghur origin were arrested on Friday for suspected links to the mass shooting in an Istanbul night club on New Year’s Eve, state-run Anadolu agency said. (Reuters) 15-01-2017 10:38 From retail goods to medical implants, 3D printing technology promises to change the way everyday things are made and will have a permanent impact on manufacturing. (Christopher H Lim and Tamara Nair) 15-01-2017 10:30 India's Hindu pilgrims celebrated on Saturday the beginning of Uttarayana, the sun's movement northward for six months, in the annual Pongal festival that also marks the end of the farming season. (Asia Times and Reuters) 15-01-2017 00:18 Slideshow: Thai military opens barracks for Children’s Day (Asia Times staff) 15-01-2017 00:03 An interview with Tan Heching, author of The Killing Wind, a new book on China's hidden massacres of the Cultural Revolution. (Ian Johnson, NYR Daily) 14-01-2017 23:01 The Islamic State group launched a ferocious assault Saturday on a city in eastern Syria, leaving more than 30 jihadists and regime fighters dead, a monitoring group said. (Agence France-Presse) 14-01-2017 22:24 Merkel warns Trump against protectionism, arguing that "there are more advantages ... to moving forward together than when everyone resolves their problems for themselves." (Agence France-Presse) 14-01-2017 22:08 Indonesia's abrupt easing of a three-year ban on nickel ore exports will not flood the global market but instead aims to balance the country's smelters and create mining jobs, officials said. (Reuters) 14-01-2017 21:45 What is jallikattu and why is it making headlines in India right now? (Economic Times) the brief United StatesIndia The case for local, mom & pop grocers over Walmart By Vasundhara Jolly January 14, 2017 1:29 AM (UTC+8) Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Share 0 Comment 0 Asia Times is not responsible for the opinions, facts or any media content presented by contributors. In case of abuse, click here to report. The first time I traveled to the United States was in the year 2004. A usually curious and eager thirteen-year old, I was a little surprised when my grand-aunt who lived in Rochester, New York, suggested we take a late night visit to the supermarket as she wanted to buy some vegetables. That visit was a revelation for various reasons. Firstly, she expected fresh vegetables in the middle of the night. My mother in New Delhi awoke at 5.30am two to three times a week to score the freshest vegetables and fruits at our local grocer’s. Secondly, she assumed a supermarket visit would be comparable to a visit to a historical sight. To describe the local grocer where my mother shopped (and my grandmother before her), as a hut would be a stretch. Even though this might sound like a cliché, I promise you it cannot be repeated enough: for someone who has never seen one before, the American supermarket is nothing short of a marvel. And for a thirteen-year old, to look at rows and rows of perfectly ripe and shiny fruit in which one can see their reflection, can be a metaphor for what possibilities the future can hold. The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox The industrialization of our food, and the increasing disconnect with where it comes from, has led us to normalize the concept of these Franken-supermarkets. Thomas Reardon, a professor at Michigan State University, succinctly argues that the influx of foreign direct investment, and the technological advancements in retail procurement technology and inventory management are phenomena that must be embraced by the emerging markets of Latin America, Africa, and Asia. Global retail multinationals such as the Carrefours and the Walmarts, with their access to liquid funds, international credit and their use of the aforementioned systems, are driving the produce retail markets, and hence, should be the cornerstone of development policies in lower income countries. Walmart’s first foray into the Indian market, which is saturated with local players, was a disaster. While its official entry required a joint partnership with Bharti Enterprises, a giant business house with its feet in everything from telecom to education, it was also met with widespread protests from concerned citizens. The entry of a deep-pocketed retail giant would wreak havoc on the largely informal and local agriculture supply systems which had developed their own systems over time. Despite an admission of guilt to a $25 million lobbying charge, their 20 odd stores (a small number for a potential market of a billion people) which were set up in tier-2 cities under the pseudonym of “Easy Day”, continued to function but failed to gain the patronage of the consumers. Conversely, Walmart in the US is one of the largest suppliers of organic produce now, hoping to catch on to growing trends in consumption. The supply-chain of this industry in India is largely informal. A nexus of smallholder farmers and middlemen, which make up an estimated 50 million small traders are involved in the farm-to-store agriculture business across India. This informal network ensures the produce reaches mom and pop grocers (or kirana stores). The kind of farmers Walmart is looking for are large-scale commercial farmers, which make up a small section of India’s agrarian economy. If agriculture and food were solely dependent on economic efficiencies, the story might be different. It is political: under a Congress-led government, Walmart’s market experiment shriveled. In BJP’s Modi government, big business has an ardent supporter. His policies, which have focused greatly on bringing in FDI, retail giants like Walmart can likely see a renewed boost.  Agriculture is also culture: Punjab, one of the highest agricultural productivity states in India, celebrates the harvest festival of Lohri with much gusto, signifying the end of the winter solstice and the beginning of the rabi cropping season. Conscious (albeit price-insensitive) consumers in the liberal oases of the Eastern coast of the United States now prefer to shop organic produce at local stores, choosing to vote with their dollar for smaller stores that share their values (such as Trader Joe’s or Whole Foods), or farmer’s markets for urban spaces that can afford them. But cities of the developing world have always relied greatly on their trusted and local networks of local mom and pop stores to supply their daily food requirements. For long-time customers, these stores even provide short-term credit. It seems counter-intuitive then, to push for multinational retailers to put small suppliers out of business in developing countries, if the arc of the food supply system is ultimately bent towards the smaller, values, and relationships focused retail process. Embed from Getty Images The day my grandfather passed away in New Delhi, I was immediately dispatched by my mother to Mr. Garg’s kirana store, to buy supplies we would need for the memorial services, and to feed the stream of visiting relatives and friends. Upon receiving a distraught third-generation customer, Mr. Garg immediately collected all the things he knew our house to usually order. Once he heard the news, he refused to take any money from me. He didn’t have any shiny fruit I could see my reflection in, but he was connected to my family in the way food is always meant to be. The nature of how humans engage with food stands at odds with the values of industrial, and mass retail systems; food is personal, cultural, and the basis of our human connection. Share Tweet Linkedin Email United States India South Asia Travel study abroad journal Food Walmart Vasundhara Jolly Vasundhara Jolly is a final year M.A. student at The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, focusing on Development Economics, and International Environment & Resource Policy. She has several years of development experience: through the Clinton Fellowship at the American India Foundation in New Delhi, at Human Rights Watch in New York, and as a consultant for grassroots non-profits in India. She holds a B.A in International Relations from Tufts University, Medford. Comments More from this author Development’s new kids on the block 09-01-2017 01:16 EVEN MORE asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin Explore Main China South Asia Insights Politics Business Culture Trending Topics #Southeast Asia #Middle East #Japan #India #Koreas #South China Sea #Sport About About Asia Times Contact Us Advertise with Us Write for Us Terms of Use Privacy The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox © 2017 Asia Times Holdings Limited, All Rights Reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Welcome to FIS   Sponsored By Subscribe to FIS | Register with FIS | Advertise with FIS | Newsletter | About FIS | Contact us Loading HOME World News Companies & Products Companies Directory Trading Market Shows & Fairs People With Opinion Market Monitor Market Prices Market Reports Aquaculture user pass Forgot your pass? Andres Loubet Jambert THE FALKLANDS CASE: What will the population do if BREXIT is voted? Over three weeks before the referendum deciding if the UK remains in the European Union (EU), th... - January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31     All Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Antarctica Argentina Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Belgium Belize Bolivia Brazil Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Cambodia Canada Cape Verde Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Erithrea Estonia European Union Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France Gabon Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Greenland Guatemala Guinea-Bissau Guyana Honduras Hong Kong Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Israel Italy Ivory Coast Japan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Latvia Lithuania Madagascar Malaysia Maldives Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Nigeria North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Pridnestrovie Puerto Rico Republic of Ireland Romania Russian Federation S. Georgia & S. Sandwich Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena and Ascension St. Vincent and Gren. Suriname Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Tonga Tunisia Turkey Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United Nations United States Uruguay Venezuela Viet Nam Worldwide Worldwide Yemen Zambia Seafood Counter from a Walmart Store. (Photo: Walmart) Greenpeace and other organizations urge Walmart to offer 'ethical and sustainable' tuna UNITED STATES Saturday, January 14, 2017, 00:10 (GMT + 9) Greenpeace and other environmental organizations, trade unions and human rights and labour condition organizations have urged Walmart, through a joint letter, to take responsibility for ensuring that its supply chain of fishery products is free from abusive labour practices and illegal fishing. In 2015, Greenpeace launched a global campaign to reform the "out of control" tuna industry. From the beginning, major U.S. and international unions stood with the organization in solidarity, calling on tuna giant Thai Union to commit to sustainable and ethical sourcing across its global supply chains. The aim of the letter is to ensure sustainable and ethical supply chains for all tuna products sold in stores, starting with Walmart’s Great Value brand. Walmart, which is responsible for one quarter of U.S. canned tuna sales, buys tuna from Thai Union Group, a company that has been under the spotlight for its links to human rights and labour abuse, including forced labour and human trafficking, in some of its seafood supply chains. The supermarket chain has also been involved in supply chain scandals not providing sufficient assurances that its supply chains are socially responsible, the letter points out. Greenpeace claims that irresponsible labour practices and illegal, destructive fishing are interconnected, and states that under its Corporate Social Responsibility commitments, Walmart has the responsibility to provide its millions of customers with sustainable and ethical fishery products. While the retail giant already provides its customers with a more sustainable tuna option (Ocean Naturals), the signatories of the letter say this is not enough when it comes to addressing the chronic human rights and environmental horrors associated with the majority of its tuna offerings, and what is needed to transform a brutal and lawless industry. The letter ends urging the company to lead the U.S., Canadian, and international retail sectors to make that iconic seafood staple a more responsible one.   [email protected] www.fis.com  Print MORE NEWS Canada Jan 14, 02:00 (GMT + 9): New Brunswick processor forced into liquidation Mexico Jan 14, 01:50 (GMT + 9): Legislators urge government to promote consumption and production of tilapia Mexico Jan 14, 01:10 (GMT + 9): CIAD launches squid sausages United States Jan 14, 00:10 (GMT + 9): Greenpeace and other organizations urge Walmart to offer 'ethical and sustainable' tuna Peru Jan 13, 23:30 (GMT + 9): Pesquera Diamante expects to double fishmeal production Australia Jan 13, 23:10 (GMT + 9): Origin of shrimp disease is still unknown United Kingdom Jan 13, 23:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Losses double for Dawnfresh United Kingdom Jan 13, 22:10 (GMT + 9): SWFPA supports new deep water trawling regulation United States Jan 13, 22:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - When aquaculture grows, so does its economic impact / Report Philippines Jan 13, 22:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - American nationals visit Pangasinan to train on Asian aquaculture Ghana Jan 13, 22:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Elizabeth Quaye nominated for Ministry of Fisheries & Aquaculture Australia Jan 13, 22:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Alien-looking shrimp of the desert appear in Central Australia after flooding rains Australia Jan 13, 21:50 (GMT + 9): Food supplier sues Huon for lack of payment Chile Jan 13, 21:20 (GMT + 9): Salmon companies to pay about USD 14 million in aquaculture patents this year Spain Jan 13, 01:40 (GMT + 9): Canned tuna should be a 'sensitive product' in non-EU agreements, claims Anfaco Lenguaje FEATURED EVENTS    TOP STORIES Canned tuna should be a 'sensitive product' in non-EU agreements, claims Anfaco Spain The current situation of the industrial sector of transforming fishery and aquaculture products of Galicia, its future prospects, and its main problems were the main aspects raised to the Galician Government by a delegation of Anfaco-Cecopesca’s board of directors. With international aid, Tanzania will boost aquaculture to double fish production Tanzania A new resolution establishing the National Aquaculture Development Center (NADC) in Tanzania could help alleviate the problem of poverty and malnutrition in this African country. New Brunswick processor forced into liquidation Canada Seafood processor and exporter, Mills Seafood, is under receivership and forced to liquidate due to money owed to 75 creditors. Study links 'El Niño' with higher shellfish toxicity United States A group of researchers discovered that there is a strong correlation between toxic levels of domoic acid in shellfish and the warm-water ocean conditions powered by El Niño events and the Pacific Decadal Oscillation.   Copyright 1995 - 2017 Fish Info & Services Co.Ltd| All Rights Reserved.   DISCLAIMER  
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-15 The Best New Podcasts Of 2016 Entertainment 2017-01-15 Here Are Eight Of The Best Netflix Movies And Series That Are Overlooked Entertainment 2017-01-15 EXO, BTS Big Winners In 31st Golden Disk Awards, Bangtan Boys Prep For Upcoming Album Next Month Entertainment 2017-01-14 ‘The Wizard Of Lies’: See Robert De Niro As Bernie Madoff In Teaser For New HBO Movie [Video] News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-15 Texas 911 Operator Answers Call From Own Teen Daughter Who Was Reporting A Fire At Their Home News 2017-01-15 Anne Frank: Is Pendant Found At Sobibor Linked To Famous Diarist? News 2017-01-15 What’s Open On Martin Luther King Jr. Day 2017? Find A Full List Of What’s Open, What’s Closed, And Where To Find The Best Sales Opinion 2017-01-15 Donald Trump Tweets Get Same Jabs From CIA Head As Snooki – A Bit Unsettling? [Opinion] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-15 WWE News: Pro Wrestling Legends React To The Death Of ‘Superfly’ Jimmy Snuka Football 2017-01-15 NFL Playoffs Results: Green Bay Packers Defeat Dallas Cowboys, Will Face Atlanta Falcons In NFC Championship Game Basketball 2017-01-15 Carmelo Anthony Hints At Possibly Waiving No-Trade Clause — Could A Trade Happen? Wrestling 2017-01-15 ‘WWE SmackDown LIVE’ Preview: Historic Steel Cage Match Set For Championship Main Event Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-15 Japanese Broad Tapeworm Spotted In Alaskan Salmon, Says New CDC Study Health 2017-01-15 Stress Linked To Increased Heart Attacks And Strokes: Study Suggests It All Starts In Your Head Health 2017-01-15 Woman Killed By Superbug: ‘Pan-Resistant’ Bacteria Now Considered Worldwide Threat To Humans Health 2017-01-15 Marijuana Report Fails To Find Any Real Health Benefits, Cannabis Use May Even Cause Heart Attacks Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-15 Nintendo Switch: Problems In Messaging Could Plague Sales [Video] Gaming 2017-01-15 Microsoft’s New Creators Update To Increase Performance Of Both Windows 10 And Xbox One Gaming 2017-01-15 Is Sony Hiding Developers’ Disappointment With PS4 Pro? Gaming 2017-01-15 Two Games Going Free Tomorrow, January 16, For Xbox Live Gold Members BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Woman Uses Chicken To Shut Down A Guy Who Asks For Nude Pictures Via Text Message BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Mississippi City Chooses To Celebrate ‘Great Americans Day’ Instead Of MLK Day And The Internet Destroys The Idea BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Quora User, 17, Claims To Have Caught Dad Snooping In On Sex Story Call While Pleasuring Himself BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 More Trumpgrets: Trump Supporters Who Regret Voting For Him Blast PEOTUS On Twitter, New Site Asks ‘Are You Sorry Yet?’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Best Buys For Nintendo Switch Pre-Orders: What You Need To Know Gaming 1 0 0 January 13, 2017 Best Buys For Nintendo Switch Pre-Orders: What You Need To Know David Cornell The best buys for the Nintendo Switch might not only be coming from Best Buy. Pre-orders have opened for the new console, and Nintendo has officially released all of the important details as of January 12. Officially releasing to the public on March 3, the Switch could easily become another target of scalpers, much like the NES Classic Edition did. You still can’t buy a new one online for less than $100, and Nintendo hasn’t made enough supply to meet the demand. Nintendo is planning to release a limited number of pre-orders directly at its New York City Nintendo World location, and it’s unknown if that limited production will be reflected elsewhere. At $299.99, the hybrid console is a more hefty dent in your wallet than the actual retail price of the NES Classic Edition. Good luck finding the latter at $60, though, since scalpers already control the market on those. The NES Classic Edition’s market has been controlled by scalpers since it was announced. [Image by Nintendo] Best Buy, Walmart, Target, and GameStop have all begun accepting pre-orders, and it doesn’t appear that the scalpers are about to ruin anything this time. The only high-cost price tags are for the console with extras like The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, 1-2 Switch, Has Been Heroes, and a Clean and Protect Kit. The Ultimate Bundle also comes with Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, Redout, Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth, and Just Dance 2017 at $637.99. Walmart appears to have the actual best buy, offering the Nintendo Switch console and Joy-Con controllers with no extras at $299.96. At merely three pennies off, it’s really up to you where you prefer to pre-order the console. Remember that Walmart’s least expensive deal doesn’t come with any games, and you’ll have to buy them on the side. The positive side of that is that you can choose which game or games you want if you don’t really want the ones which come with GameStop’s $437.99 or higher bundles. Amazon has had a listing for the game The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild on Wii U with a March 31 release date, so it’s unclear if the bundles are the only way you can get it before that date. They haven’t started accepting pre-orders for the Switch yet unless the scalpers have already bought them all on Amazon. It appears that Nintendo is following the same path as Sony and Microsoft this time, locking multiplayer behind a paywall. Their paid online subscription service, as revealed by The Verge, hasn’t had many details released surrounding it. Only Nintendo knows at this point if possible apps like Netflix or YouTube will be locked behind the paywall as well, which goes into effect this Fall. This means the service will be free until then, and then there will only be a free trial for latecomers. Much like Xbox Games with Gold and PS Plus, Nintendo is adding the incentive of one classic NES or SNES game download every month, though GameSpot reports that you won’t be able to keep the free games for more than a month. It also means that one of the primary features of Pokemon titles (multiplayer battles) will require you to pay Nintendo monthly. ‘Pokemon’ has been rumored for the Nintendo Switch, but there are no confirmations yet. [Image by Tomohiro Ohsumi/Getty Images] Of course, this depends on Nintendo releasing a Pokemon title on the console, which GameStop allegedly leaked. This has not been confirmed, and the page has been taken down, according to Forbes As for mobile gaming, one of the biggest concerns most people would have is how to charge the Nintendo Switch. The company Shigeru Miyamoto built has given it the standard Micro-USB port, which is the same port used in most mobile devices like smartphones. It’s sold separately, but the cables are rather inexpensive. It’s highly likely that Nintendo has built in a lock-out with the software to prevent transferring free games through this port from a laptop. Nintendo has always been vigilant about piracy, taking proprietary media routes to ensure their games can’t be copied easily. Nintendo has been adamant about copyright and piracy, even taking the battle to YouTube. [Image by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images] The screen will be full 720p resolution, which is about standard for most games released on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, as well as the initial versions of Xbox One and PS4. This is fine for smaller screens like the Nintendo Switch but could be jarring if you plan on playing it on your 60-inch 4K TV. The 32 GB of storage space will be a hindrance to bigger games, though, so AAA open-world titles would have to be “dumbed down” to work on the Switch. Of course, Nintendo seems to be remedying that with Super Mario Odyssey. Good news for fans of Nintendo’s Japanese titles is that the Switch will not be region-locked. If the game is made for Switch, you can play a Japanese title on a console sold in Australia, for example. Now, the big question is whether you want to wait and buy a Nintendo Switch later, or secure yours today from Walmart, Best Buy, Target, or GameStop. [Featured Image by Nintendo] Now Watch This: Nintendo Switch Takes Aim At A New Generation Now Read This: Huawei Launches P8 Lite 2017 Android With Nougat Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author David Cornell Tags: best buy nintendo switch January 15, 2017 Anti-Trump Protests: Can’t Make It To Washington? Here’s Where To Find An Anti-Trump Protest Near You January 13, 2017 Baby Kamiyah: Florida Baby Kidnapped 18 Years Ago Found Alive And Well In South Carolina Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘RHOA’ Star Phaedra Parks Blocked By Apollo Nida When She Tried To Sell Their Home End Of An Era: American Apparel Closes Stores And Moves To Canada WWE News: Pro Wrestling Legends React To The Death Of ‘Superfly’ Jimmy Snuka Anne Frank: Is Pendant Found At Sobibor Linked To Famous Diarist? Marvel’s The Defenders: Actors Talk Where Our Heroes Are When We Meet Them Again NFL Playoffs Results: Green Bay Packers Defeat Dallas Cowboys, Will Face Atlanta Falcons In NFC Championship Game Huawei Launches P8 Lite 2017 Android With Nougat Nintendo Switch: Problems In Messaging Could Plague Sales [Video] What’s Open On Martin Luther King Jr. Day 2017? Find A Full List Of What’s Open, What’s Closed, And Where To Find The Best Sales Donald Trump Tweets Get Same Jabs From CIA Head As Snooki – A Bit Unsettling? [Opinion] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Democrats Found Out This Week That Bernie Supporters Are Not Going Away Any Time Soon [Opinion] 25.7k 0 0 WWE News: Nearly 1,000-Pound Man Known As ‘Pakistani Hulk’ Looking To Join WWE — Will Triple H Give Him A Chance? 20.7k 0 0 Dreamcatcher, K-pop Rookie Girl Group, Set To Debut With Spooky First Single ‘Chase Me’ — Check Out The Teasers [Video] 7.6k 0 0 Kai Of EXO Cast In KBS K-Drama ‘Andante’ — SM Entertainment K-Pop Idol Confirmed As Male Lead In Drama Opposite Jung Da Bin 5.6k 0 0 My Experience As A LuLaRoe Consultant And Why I’m Getting Out 14k 0 0 EXO’s Kai Never Wanted To Be An Idol??? Kpop Star Makes Surprising Revelation In New 2017 Interview, Talks Coping With Ankle Injury 11.2k 0 0 Recent Videos Space Watch SpaceX Launch First Rocket Since Explosion Technology Snapchat Chooses London For New Headquarters Technology Twitter China Chief Quits After Eight Months Discoveries Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States A Map of How Wal-Mart Lays Out Its Stores to Lift Sales By Paul Ausick January 9, 2017 1:50 pm EST Print Email Tweet When you walk into a retail store for the first time, whether a Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) supercenter or Barry’s Bike Shop, chances are your first impression will have a significant role in a decision to buy something. If you came in to buy a certain item, maybe you’ll end up buying something else as well — or a more expensive (and higher profit) item instead. If you feel like a fly trapped in a spider’s web, the feeling is not unwarranted. Even before you walk in, the store’s “curb appeal” is working on you. Signage colors, window displays and an appealing entryway that is clean and uncluttered affect your willingness to spend time and money at this particular store. Smart retailers know all this and do their best to deliver the appearance of a store worth your patronage. Analyzing shopper behavior is a growth industry, whether the shopping is done online or in a brick-and-mortar store. Online shopping has built-in data collection methods that can provide the seller with a blizzard of data on what shoppers are doing on a website and what they are buying or not buying. Brick-and-mortar retail does not have the same advantage, but it has been around long enough that virtually every retailer implements a few tricks to help separate shoppers from their money. The following map shows a typical floor plan for a Wal-Mart U.S. supercenter. It is not the only floor layout the company uses, either in the United States or in foreign countries. Source: 24/7 Wall St.Here are some tactics Wal-Mart and other successful retailers use to entice shoppers or persuade them to buy more. Impulse areas. Typically at the cash registers and, also typically, stuffed with candy and other treats that shoppers can buy as a reward for a shopping job well done. Or to quiet demanding children. Store-in-a-store. This may not actually mean a branded store-within-a-store but a portion of the floor space that has been decorated differently to make it stand out. Special lighting along with wood floors and shelving send an upscale message and consumers will pay more to be part of that message. Wal-Mart’s latest upgrades to its electronics section are an example. Endcaps. The ends of long rows of shelving (called gondolas) were originally used to promote special pricing offers. By adding signage that made the endcaps look like discounted offers, retailers can now place full-price items on these endcaps and expect to see higher sales. Eye (and buy) level. Most shoppers don’t want to bend down to examine an item nor do they want to have to reach way over their heads to get something. The items that stores promote the most are somewhere between eye level and waist level. Brands often compensate supermarkets with placement fees for these most favored positions. Traffic builders. Putting everyday items like milk and bread all the way at the back of the store exposes shoppers to more potential purchases. It also tends to make them mad. It’s a trade-off. Action Alley. This is the power aisle, the most central area of the store and one where it is typical to see one-off promotions or seasonal items. The impression on shoppers is that more good deals await as they get deeper into the store. Front of store. In a Wal-Mart supercenter this is typically the location for the customer service desk along with a restaurant, a vision-care center and maybe a local shop or two that rent space from the store. The idea is to give shoppers a feeling of a small-shop downtown shopping district. Signpost brands. These are the nationally advertised brands that virtually everyone at least knows if not uses. Campbell’s soups, Coca-Cola, Heinz ketchup — all these indicate to shoppers what else they’ll find on nearby shelves. Shoppers also expect to find store-brands that cost less right next to the big brands. Overall environment. Primarily this means the overall look of the store and clearly identifying sale items and locations. Wal-Mart has been remarkably consistent with its “rollback” and other pricing signage. Shoppers looking for bargains know by now just exactly what to look for. Product range. A typical supermarket stocks about 80,000 products. A typical household uses about 300 products. A typical Wal-Mart supercenter stocks more than 142,000 different items. Do shoppers really need to be able to choose between 10 brands of bottled water? Encouraging shopper traffic to move to the store’s best advantage. Most shoppers travel around the perimeter of a store, and counter-clockwise movement is the way most shoppers prefer to traverse through a store. Research done in 2008 shows that shoppers who move counter-clockwise spend on average $2 more per trip to the supermarket. That’s not a lot, but then retail is not exactly a high-margin business and every extra dollar is welcome. Using color and smells to create an impression. It’s no accident that Wal-Mart puts its bakery at the front of the store. The smell of freshly baking bread is warm and inviting. Similarly, a display of fresh vegetables in all their glorious colors implies a healthy and fresh environment. Making it hard to find things. If shoppers cannot easily locate the item they came into the store to buy, they typically begin to look at other items they had no intention of buying and occasionally that turns into a sale. A Wal-Mart supercenter is so large that the store doesn’t even really have to try very hard to do this. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Morgan Stanley: How an iPhone Super Cycle Will Drive Apple Shares Much Higher Counties That Voted Most Heavily for Trump in Every State » Read more: Retail, Corporate Performance, featured, Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 6-Point Checklist for Making Sure You Can Afford to Invest Most Americans Are Dead Wrong About IRAs How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Caterpillar (CAT) or Deere (DE): Which Is the Better Stock? Unum Group (UNM) Strengthens Portfolio with New Coverage Union Pacific (UNP) Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: TriCo Bancshares (TCBK) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Zacks: Braskem S.A. (BAK) Given $22.25 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: WesBanco, Inc. (WSBC) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Brokerages Expect MiX Telematics Limited (MIXT) to Announce $0.07 Earnings Per Share Flaherty & Crumrine Total Return Fd Inc (FLC) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.13 Flagstar Bancorp, Inc. Forecasted to Earn FY2016 Earnings of $2.52 Per Share (FBC) Flex Pharma, Inc. (FLKS) to Post FY2016 Earnings of ($2.60) Per Share, Cantor Fitzgerald Forecasts Analysts Offer Predictions for Mirna Therapeutics, Inc.’s FY2016 Earnings (MIRN) Barclays PLC Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Ophir Energy Plc (OPHR) PowerShares KBW Bank Portfolio ETF (KBWB) Short Interest Update GlaxoSmithKline plc’s (GSK) Underperform Rating Reiterated at BNP Paribas Macatawa Bank Corporation (MCBC) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Zacks: Kemet Corporation (KEM) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Zacks: Spark New Zealand Ltd (SPKKY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Buy-Write Income (ETB) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.11 on January 31st Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.18 on January 31st PerkinElmer, Inc. Expected to Earn FY2016 Earnings of $2.77 Per Share (PKI) Analysts Set Expectations for OncoMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc.’s FY2016 Earnings (OMED) Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Cogeco Communications Inc (CCA) Spirit Aerosystems Holdings, Inc. (SPR) Expected to Post FY2016 Earnings of $4.70 Per Share Chemung Canal Trust Co. Acquires 937 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) January 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Chemung Canal Trust Co. increased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 0.6% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 145,524 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 937 shares during the period. Wal-Mart Stores comprises approximately 2.5% of Chemung Canal Trust Co.’s portfolio, making the stock its 9th largest position. Chemung Canal Trust Co.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $10,495,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Lingohr & Partner Asset Management GmbH raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 89.2% in the second quarter. Lingohr & Partner Asset Management GmbH now owns 17,600 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,285,000 after buying an additional 8,300 shares in the last quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 11.3% in the second quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 75,199 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $5,491,000 after buying an additional 7,635 shares in the last quarter. Clarkston Capital Partners LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 4.9% in the second quarter. Clarkston Capital Partners LLC now owns 402,911 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $29,421,000 after buying an additional 18,787 shares in the last quarter. Middleton & Co Inc MA raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 20.5% in the second quarter. Middleton & Co Inc MA now owns 42,329 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $3,091,000 after buying an additional 7,197 shares in the last quarter. Finally, SNS Financial Group LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 3.0% in the second quarter. SNS Financial Group LLC now owns 4,355 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $318,000 after buying an additional 125 shares in the last quarter. 28.81% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) opened at 67.97 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $208.88 billion, a PE ratio of 14.74 and a beta of 0.10. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a 12-month low of $60.20 and a 12-month high of $75.19. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $70.11 and a 200-day moving average price of $71.27. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company’s revenue was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $1.03 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/13/chemung-canal-trust-co-acquires-937-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several equities research analysts recently commented on the company. Vetr upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.98 price objective for the company in a report on Monday, September 19th. Credit Suisse Group assumed coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, September 16th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $80.00 price objective for the company. Buckingham Research set a $70.00 price objective on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, September 28th. Barclays PLC upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $70.00 to $87.00 in a report on Thursday, September 22nd. Finally, Citigroup Inc. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Monday, October 3rd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $75.30. In other news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total value of $2,210,152.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 245,328 shares in the company, valued at $16,760,808.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 51.55% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Eclipse Resources Corporation (ECR) to Post FY2016 Earnings of ($0.41) Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts Imperial Capital Weighs in on Southwest Airlines Company’s FY2016 Earnings (LUV) Zacks: Analysts Set $38.50 Price Target for KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Zacks: Air Liquide SA (AIQUY) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Dvd. Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.10 (ETG) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Primo Water Corporation’s FY2016 Earnings (PRMW) Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank Of Canada Short Interest in Timmins Gold Corp (TGD) Declines By 16.0% Brokerages Set $21.50 Target Price for SPX Co. (SPXC) Zacks: Analysts Set $31.50 Price Target for ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) Zacks: West Marine, Inc. (WMAR) Given $9.67 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (AJRD) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages Zacks: Shore Bancshares Inc (SHBI) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate Horace Mann Educators Corporation (HMN) to Post $0.40 Earnings Per Share Ithaca Energy Inc. (IAE) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC OMNOVA Solutions Inc. (OMN) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday FY2016 EPS Estimates for Cineplex Inc Cut by National Bank Financial (CGX) Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.10 Eaton Vance Tax Managed Diversified Eq. (ETY) to Issue $0.08 Monthly Dividend Vanguard Total International Stock ETF (VXUS) Short Interest Update Norinchukin Bank The Increases Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 13th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Norinchukin Bank The raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 0.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 186,003 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 246 shares during the period. Norinchukin Bank The’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $13,415,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of WMT. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at about $100,000. Seven Eight Capital LLC purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at about $111,000. Piershale Financial Group Inc. raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the period. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 27.2% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,643 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 351 shares during the period. Finally, Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 118.1% in the second quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 1,649 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $120,000 after buying an additional 893 shares during the period. 28.81% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) opened at 67.97 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $208.88 billion, a PE ratio of 14.74 and a beta of 0.10. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a 1-year low of $60.20 and a 1-year high of $75.19. The company has a 50 day moving average of $70.11 and a 200 day moving average of $71.27. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm’s revenue was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $1.03 earnings per share. Analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Norinchukin Bank The Increases Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT)” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/13/norinchukin-bank-the-increases-position-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, November 19th. Vetr upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $74.70 target price for the company in a report on Monday, December 26th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a $73.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, November 18th. BMO Capital Markets restated a “sell” rating and issued a $63.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, November 4th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 29th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $75.30. In other news, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 245,328 shares in the company, valued at $16,760,808.96. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total transaction of $5,185,352.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Realty Income Corporation (O) Position Decreased by AMP Capital Investors Ltd Next » Oppenheimer Holdings Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Police: Springfield man captured on video stealing video security camera Print Email Jack Flynn | jflynn@repub.com By Jack Flynn | jflynn@repub.com The Republican on January 13, 2017 at 8:22 AM, updated January 13, 2017 at 8:30 AM comments SPRINGFIELD -- The irony was priceless. A Springfield man was captured by police Wednesday after allegedly being captured on video stealing a security camera from Walmart. Ruben Santiago, 24, pleaded not guilty Thursday in Springfield District Court to larceny over $250 following his arrest Wednesday afternoon. Santiago and another man were spotted just before noon entering Walmart on Boston Road and walking to the electronics department. There, Santiago picked up a $379 Night Owl Video Security DVR/Camera system while the accomplice grabbed a Nest Net Cam valued at $199, according to the arrest report. Reuben Santiago, 24, of Springfield(Springfield Police Department)  The suspects then headed for the grocery department and ducked out an emergency exit, the report said. Police chased the pair down Contessa Street, eventually arresting Santiago after finding him hiding under a porch. The other suspect got away, the report said. Assistant District Attorney Jill O'Connor requested $5,000 bail on the new charge, and asked for Santiago's bail to be revoked in an open cocaine distribution case. Defense lawyer Erin O'Connor opposed revoking her client's release in the drug case. She asked Judge William Boyle to set bail at $500 in the new case and require Santiago to wear a GPS monitoring bracelet. Santiago has overcome struggles with substance abuse and is enrolled in Roca, a highly regarded anti-recidivism program operating in Springfield, Erin O'Connor said. Boyle asked Santiago if he wanted to take a drug test and said he would receive "every consideration" if he passed. Santiago huddled with his lawyer for nearly a minute. "Your honor, he would not like to take a drug test today," Erin O'Connor said. "Even if he's in the Roca program?" the judge asked. Boyle set bail at $5,000 and revoked the defendant's release in the drug case. Santiago is due back in court on Jan. 30. MASSLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter MassLive Instagram Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Active Discussions Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Eclipse Resources Corporation (ECR) to Post FY2016 Earnings of ($0.41) Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts Imperial Capital Weighs in on Southwest Airlines Company’s FY2016 Earnings (LUV) Zacks: Analysts Set $38.50 Price Target for KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Zacks: Air Liquide SA (AIQUY) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Dvd. Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.10 (ETG) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Primo Water Corporation’s FY2016 Earnings (PRMW) Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank Of Canada Short Interest in Timmins Gold Corp (TGD) Declines By 16.0% Brokerages Set $21.50 Target Price for SPX Co. (SPXC) Zacks: Analysts Set $31.50 Price Target for ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) Zacks: West Marine, Inc. (WMAR) Given $9.67 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (AJRD) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages Zacks: Shore Bancshares Inc (SHBI) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate Horace Mann Educators Corporation (HMN) to Post $0.40 Earnings Per Share Ithaca Energy Inc. (IAE) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC OMNOVA Solutions Inc. (OMN) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday FY2016 EPS Estimates for Cineplex Inc Cut by National Bank Financial (CGX) Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.10 Eaton Vance Tax Managed Diversified Eq. (ETY) to Issue $0.08 Monthly Dividend Vanguard Total International Stock ETF (VXUS) Short Interest Update DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Buys 31,689 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 13th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 3.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 837,376 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 31,689 shares during the period. DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $59,499,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 4.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 41,912,723 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $3,022,746,000 after buying an additional 1,910,016 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.7% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 20,297,797 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $1,463,878,000 after buying an additional 348,391 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 3.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 19,932,903 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $1,437,561,000 after buying an additional 623,646 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Group LTD raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 6.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 12,473,382 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $899,580,000 after buying an additional 780,232 shares during the last quarter. Finally, TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 58.0% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 9,776,421 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $705,075,000 after buying an additional 3,588,060 shares during the last quarter. 28.81% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) opened at 67.97 on Friday. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a 1-year low of $60.20 and a 1-year high of $75.19. The stock has a market capitalization of $208.88 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.74 and a beta of 0.10. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $70.11 and a 200 day moving average of $71.27. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.69 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.03 EPS. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/13/dekabank-deutsche-girozentrale-buys-31689-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. WMT has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. KeyCorp initiated coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Thursday, September 29th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $90.00 price target on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Credit Suisse Group initiated coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, September 16th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $80.00 price target on the stock. Guggenheim initiated coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, September 30th. They set a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price target on the stock. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co set a $72.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, October 10th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $75.30. In related news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 245,328 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,760,808.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Two Sigma Advisers LP Takes Position in Concho Resources Inc. (CXO) Next » Insider Selling: QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) President Sells $763,267.28 in Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
null
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Windows Phone Lumia 435 Discount Spotted In Walmart; Smartphone Now Costs $29 By Amrin Shaikh https://twitter.com/amrinshaikh on January 13 2017 07:09 PM Share Tweet Share Share Email Lumia 435 was an entry-level smartphone launched by Microsoft two years ago. Although the device was not so successful in grabbing popularity compared to the Lumia 520, the company continued to manufacture it. Now, Lumia 435 is available at Walmart for just $29. Lumia 435 was spotted at Walmart with a huge discount. This could be the best thing today for those who are fans of the Windows phone. The giant retailer is now offering the unlocked Lumia 435 for just $28.75 which means you can save $18.98 on the device. This is a good deal for Lumia lovers. Lumia 435 Discount spotted in Walmart At the launch, the entry-level smartphone was sold originally for $80. However, after a couple of months, the price of the handset went down to just $50 permanently. Previously, the giant retailer offered the device at $47.73. Now, the buyers can own the device at just $29. You can grab the device at this price for a limited time only. It seems that the advancement of the latest technology made the retailer offer the phone at a much lower cost. It is also speculated that Walmart wants to get rid of the smartphone based on old technologies. Check out the Walmart website for this attractive deal. Lumia 435 Features and Specs As the device is an entry level smartphone, it features a small 4-inch LCD display with only 800X480 pixels resolution. The device has a 1.2GHz dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 processor. It also packs in 1GB of RAM and 8GB of storage which can be expandable to 128 GB through a microSD slot. The phone features a 2MP camera on the back as well as a secondary VGA camera in the front. It is having a 1,560mAh battery. Lumia 435 runs on Windows 8.1 onboard. However, users can now upgrade it to Windows 10. Stay with TheBitBag for getting more updates on the latest discount! Also Read: What Else Could Apple Do to Save the MacBook Air Related Items:lumia 435 walmart, lumia 435 walmart discount, microsoft lumia 435, walmart discount on Lumia 435 Share Tweet Share Share Email About the author Amrin Shaikh I am a bitbag writer focusing on technology and entertainment. Featured Zelda Breath Of The Wild Release Date: Officially A Nintendo Switch Launch Game Splatoon 2 Release Date: Nintendo Switch Summer Launch Officially Announced Shovel Knight Nintendo Switch: What Fans Want Zelda Breath Of The Wild Release Date: Officially A Nintendo Switch Launch Game Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS 6 Mega Man Games Available For Download On Both Android And iOS Recently, 6 Mega Man games became available for download on both Android and iOS devices.... The Sims 4 Toddlers Free Update Finally Available; How To Download Now The Sims 4 Toddlers is finally here! After months of speculation, debates, and a... Kingdom Hearts 3 News: Kingdom Hearts 0.2 Scenes Won’t Be Shown ‘In Fine Detail’, Says Director If you want the full Kingdom Hearts 3 story, it looks like you’re going... Overwatch Nuking Exploit: A Far Worse Issue Than Aimbot Cheating Recently, competitive Overwatch players have confirmed a new hack called “nuking” happening in some... Halo Wars 2 Blitz Beta Start Date For Xbox One And PC Officially Announced! Details You Should Know Recently, Microsoft officially announced that the start of the Halo Wars 2 Blitz Beta for... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 google Ubisoft Samsung Playstation 3 The Division mobile gaming no man's sky PC iOS EA Editors Pick facebook featured pokemon sun and moon playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones Blizzard games NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors Pokemon Go Update About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos Asian Paints Raag Malhar -Ranbir Kapoor Join us on Facebook Get latest news on advertising, media and marketing Flipkart Say goodbye to fashion confusion! Job Switch Post your resume here Walmart India appoints Fortuna PR as Communications Advisor Section :Other Briefs, Category : Corporate Company Brief New Delhi, January 12, 2017 Walmart India, wholly owned subsidiary of Walmart Stores Inc., has appointed Fortuna Public Relations as its Communications Advisor. Confirming the appointment, Rajneesh Kumar, Senior Vice-President and Head of Corporate Affairs, Walmart India, said, "We have appointed Fortuna PR as our new communications advisor. We look forward to an engaging and rewarding relationship to achieve Walmart India's communication objectives." Harsh Wardhan, Managing Partner, Fortuna Public Relations, said, "We are excited to be a part of Walmart India's growth journey. We seek to add value to Walmart India's communications strategy through insightful content and sustained engagements." For further information please contact: Aabhaas Pandya Email: aabhaas@fortunapr.com MOB: 9811296079 Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year "Women cannot write the best Imperial Blue films":... Advertising "We are not running an entertainment business": Chandrasekar Radhakrishnan, Nestlé Marketing Scarecrow creates 9 posters to promote Abby 2017 Advertising Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek... Media Publishing Vdonxt Asia Awards 2017: TVF's Arunabh Kumar is Pe... Digital Sandip Tarkas quits Future Group to start his own ... Marketing This video by Parachute might just be India's most... Digital ALT Balaji appoints Manav Sethi as marketing chief Marketing Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising afaqs! Creative Showcase: Check out Ranbir Kapoor'... Advertising Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek... Media Publishing This video by Parachute might just be India's most... Digital Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising MagicBricks.com turns billboards into blankets for... Advertising Usha International ropes in Jayati Singh as VP - M... Marketing Gionee's latest for selfie lovers: S6s with Selfie... Marketing How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing The Hindu shows 2 sides of Bengaluru, with a littl... Digital Arnab Goswami announces his new venture 'Republic' Media Publishing Max Healthcare counters 'trust deficit' with 4-min... Digital How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bike Advertising Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr... Advertising Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek... Media Publishing Sony LIV launches Hollywood library Digital Who's Afraid Of Baba Ramdev's Patanjali? Marketing "We don't have a fruit for a logo," shouts Microma... Advertising The Story Behind Paytm's Marketing... Digital 5 / 10❬❭ Current Issue January 1-15 2017 Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events vdonxt asia Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2016 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In World Hanson opts out of Trump inauguration Prince Charles pens climate change book Yachtie charged after taking daughter ‘OJ is innocent, I can prove it’ Facebook gets serious on fake news ‘Missing’ yachtie to face court Mysterious find in Nazi death camp CIA warns Trump: ‘Be careful’ world Motorbike officer dies in crash during hunt for suspected cop killer January 10, 201712:46pm Markeith Loyd is wanted over two alleged murders. Picture: Polk County Sheriff’s Office. Staff writers and agenciesNews Corp Australia Network Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend A US policeman has been killed in a motorcycle crash while pursuing a suspect wanted for the murder of a female police officer and a pregnant woman. A major manhunt was launched to find 43-year-old Markeith Loyd after Master Sergeant Debra Clayton was gunned down while on duty near a Walmart store in Orlando. Loyd is also accused of attempted murder after firing at another officer as he fled the Walmart store. Clayton was rushed to hospital but died later of her injuries. Markeith Loyd is on the run after allegedly killed a female police officer and his pregnant girlfriend. Picture: Polk County Sheriff’s Office.Source:Supplied At least seven Orlando police officers and Orange County Sheriff’s deputies were seen escorting an ambulance carrying the officer to the hospital shortly after the shooting. A second police officer died as part of the manhunt for Loyd when a vehicle turned in front of the deputy’s motorcycle, Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said. Demings did not release the name of the deputy, saying the agency was still trying to notify relatives. A video showed Sgt. Clayton’s body being taken out of the hospital to a waiting van in a flag-covered stretcher. Picture: WESH 2Source:Supplied Orlando police announced the Clayton’s death on its official Twitter account on Monday morning. The tweet said, “One of our own was taken in the line of duty. There are no words.” With the Twitter post was a video of the officer’s body being taken out of the hospital to a waiting van in a flag-covered stretcher. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, wkd dayshift patrol, will be missed beyond words. She always had a smile/high five 4 every/kid she came across. pic.twitter.com/XUp1Z2RcFY— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 9, 2017 Police said that several schools had been placed on lockdown as SWAT teams searched for the suspect in Pine Hills, a high crime area just west of Orlando. According to the Orlando Sentinel , police have been on the lookout for Lloyd for weeks because of a murder warrant. Sergeant Debra Clayton was shot dead while on duty. Picture: Polk County Sheriff’s OfficeSource:Supplied He is accused of murdering his pregnant 24-year-old girlfriend, Sade Dixon, last December and wounding her 26-year-old brother, Ronald Steward after visiting her at home in Orange County. Dixon’s two young children were present during the killing, the paper reported. A $US60,000 ($A82,000) reward has been offered by police for information leading to the capture of Loyd. According to police, Master Sergeant Clayton radioed in to say she was attempting to make contact with the murder suspect at the Walmart store. Two minutes later officers radioed in to say she had been shot. Police said Loyd was then spotted fleeing the scene by officers and as he did so he pulled into a nearby apartment complex and fired at a deputy, resulting in the attempted murder allegations. The deputy was not harmed by bullets struck his unmarked SUV twice, according to the authorities. Lody then alleged carjacked another vehicle and fled again. That vehicle was also allegedly abandoned. Police said Loyd is “considered armed and extremely dangerous’. Reward up to $60,000 for information leading to the capture of Markeith Loyd. @CrimelineFL pic.twitter.com/GIpH3qG0ep— FBI Tampa (@FBITampa) January 9, 2017 Leave a comment Add your comment to this story Show Comments Jump back to top Right now in world 195Readers Donald Trump inauguration: Pauline Hanson turns down invite 114Readers Researchers find pendant identical to one owned by Anne Fran... 79Readers Alan Langdon: Father to face court in New Zealand world breaking news 13:27Hanson opts out of Trump inauguration 11:16Prince Charles pens climate change book 11:03Yachtie charged after taking daughter 12:00‘OJ is innocent, I can prove it’ 10:10Facebook gets serious on fake news A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 838 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest FBI: Facial recognition software helps ID Indiana cold-case fugitive An Indiana man who fled his home state after being suspected of molesting a 10 year old girl in 1999 has been arrested in Salem, Ore., according to the FBI. Post to Facebook FBI: Facial recognition software helps ID Indiana cold-case fugitive An Indiana man who fled his home state after being suspected of molesting a 10 year old girl in 1999 has been arrested in Salem, Ore., according to the FBI.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jGHVFn {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 9 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs FBI: Facial recognition software helps ID Indiana cold-case fugitive USA Today Network Lauren E Hernandez, (Salem, Ore.) Statesman Journal Published 10:21 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 | Updated 10:21 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 Photos of Charles Hollin (Photo: FBI, Multnomah County Sheriff's office) SALEM, Ore. — An Indiana man who fled his home state after being suspected of molesting a 10 year old girl in 1999 has been arrested in Salem, according to the FBI. Charles Hollin, 61, was arrested at his job at a Walmart on Tuesday after fleeing the central Indiana area 17 years ago. It was facial recognition software used by the FBI that found Hollin. The FBI in December confirmed a "most likely" facial match of Hollin with Andrew David Hall, the alias he had been using in Salem, according to a complaint affidavit provided by the FBI. Hollin, as Hall, applied for a U.S. passport in 2007 to travel to China Investigators suspect Hollin molested a 10 year old girl in 1999. He asked for the girl's help in Seymour, Ind., to retrieve keys from his locked car. When the girl approached his vehicle, Hollin allegedly placed his hand over her mouth, threatened to kill her at knifepoint and put her into the car, according to a statement released by the U.S. Department of Justice. Hollin is thought to have covered the girl's face with a stocking mask, driven to a secluded area, sexually molested her, and then abandoned her naked on an isolated road. He threw her belongings out of the window as he drove away. The girl was later found and rescued by a passing driver. USA TODAY Guilty plea entered in decades-old Ohio cold case Within four months of the kidnapping and molestation incident, Hollin obtained an $80,000 home equity loan and applied for an Indiana driver’s license under the name of Andrew David Hall. Hall was an 8-year-old boy who died in a car crash in Kentucky in 1975. On Feb. 2, 2000, the Jackson County, Ind., prosecutor filed charges against Hollin: two counts of confinement with a deadly weapon and three counts of child molestation. Hollin disappeared before investigators could arrest him. On Aug. 20, 2001, Hollin is thought to have moved to Minnesota and used his Indiana driver’s license with Hall's name to obtain a Minnesota driver’s license, according to the affidavit. April Diane Mobley, a friend of Hollin from Indiana, was surprised to hear of his arrest. "I am in total shock, but I'm glad they got him. I would hate to think if he did this to somebody else," Mobley said. Mobley's husband, James, 68, used to work with Hollin at Cummins Engine Co., where they helped build motors for automobiles. USA TODAY Felix Vail case becomes oldest prosecution of suspected serial killer in history April Mobley said Hollin would often visit the couple in their home in the evenings after work to chat and spend some time with the family. "He was happy-go-lucky Charlie and was a really nice guy," Mobley said. "He always dressed nice and always had his Bible with him" Hollin was clutching his black, leather-bound Bible against his chest when he visited Mobley while she was working at a Walmart in Seymour in 2000, the last day she saw him. "He came in to talk to me for a bit, asked how I was doing and said, 'See you later,' " Mobley said. A couple of days later, while Mobley was thumbing through a local newspaper, she saw a sketch of Hollin and an article detailing law enforcement's investigation into the child molestation charges and search for the suspect. "I was in total shock and could not believe it," Mobley said. "All I could think of is what the heck happened, and whether he had done that to his daughters." USA TODAY DA cites new evidence in Beck murder case In 2007, a federal warrant was issued for Hollin's arrest on charges of unlawful flight to avoid prosecution. Jeremy Foster of Salem said he worked the overnight shift with Hollin in 2008 at the Walmart in Salem. "He was a quiet guy and he never really talked about anything personal," Foster said. "He was a private person when it came to himself." Leslee Wright, senior manager for Walmart Corporate Communications, would not comment on Hollin's length of employment but said he is no longer with the company. "We’re cooperating with the FBI in their investigation,” Wright said in an email statement. While it's unclear when Hollin moved from Minnesota to Oregon, he obtained an Oregon driver’s license on March 29, 2011, according to the complaint. Investigators said Hollin's friends and co-workers in Indiana said he admitted to having fake hair pieces and mustaches and knew other tricks to disguise himself. One Indiana co-worker said Hollin once bragged, “If you want to, and know how, you can become someone else, just like that, real easy.” Hollin is currently in custody of the U.S. Marshals Service in Portland. He will be returned to Indiana to face charges. He could face eight years in prison if he's convicted on the federal charges and decades of imprisonment if convicted on the Jackson County charges, according to the Assistant U.S. Attorney Bradley P. Shepard, who is prosecuting the case. 838 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jGHVFn NEVER MISS OUT The Short List Let us bring the headlines to you every night. Stay current and catch up on the biggest stories of the day. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE The Short List NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, January 15, 2017, 8:43 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Wal-Mart shakes up tech leadership By Robbie Neiswanger This article was published January 14, 2017 at 1:59 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is restructuring its e-commerce and information technology leadership teams, announcing a number of changes that include the addition of former GE Power executive Clay Johnson as chief information officer. The reorganization was detailed in internal memos from executives Friday and ahead of the end of the retailer's fiscal year on Jan. 31. Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon said in one memo the restructuring is the result of a plan formulated by company leaders to help Wal-Mart "become a digital enterprise and be enabled by a greater degree of technology." "We're making the changes that will help us win in the short-term and position us to be a winner for years to come," McMillon said in the memo. "I know change isn't always easy. But I'm certain our future success is partially dependent on becoming more of a technology company in our stores and clubs and everywhere else the customer sees us." Johnson will replace Karenann Terrell, who announced earlier this week that she would be leaving the retailer next month after six years with the company. He will lead a team focused on information systems that "run the enterprise," according to a spokesman. McMillon said in a memo that those efforts will include "lowering our costs, getting benefits of scale, associate experience and cyber security." Adding Johnson was just one component of Wal-Mart's plan to better align its online and in-store operations as it tries to a create seamless shopping experience for customers. Jeremy King, chief technology officer of Wal-Mart's e-commerce division, has been promoted to U.S. chief technology officer. He will report to U.S e-commerce Chief Executive Officer Marc Lore and U.S. stores chief Greg Foran, bringing together Wal-Mart's U.S. retail and e-commerce technology teams. Wal-Mart also created chief technology positions within its other businesses. Hsiao Wang has taken the role at Sam's Club. Kerry Pauling moves into the Wal-Mart International position, according to the Wall Street Journal. "The goals of these changes are to become more innovative and faster -- win with customers -- by putting these CTOs closer to the business while the Chief Information Officer will lower costs on the technologies that serve needs further from the customer," McMillon said. Jamie Iannone, the chief executive of SamsClub.com, will oversee the warehouse division's technology efforts online and in stores. Tony Rogers, chief marketing officer for Wal-Mart U.S., will now lead a unified marketing organization that includes Walmart.com, Jet.com and Wal-Mart's U.S. stores. "This integrated team will help us communicate in a more consistent way with our customers, regardless of how they choose to shop with us," Lore said about Rogers' new role in a memo. King and Rogers were included as part of Lore's U.S. e-commerce leadership team announcement, which was unveiled nearly five months after he joined the company after Wal-Mart's $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com. The group, which is a blend of Walmart.com and Jet.com leaders, will lead a division that Lore said in an internal memo plans to become more customer-centric. Two Jet.com executives were moved into new roles. Scott Hilton will be chief revenue officer of all e-commerce operations and Nate Faust will lead logistics and supply-chain operations for Walmart.com and Jet.com. "Our strategy is about offering more choice, competitive prices -- particularly on food and consumables -- and operating on the strength of the world's most efficient e-commerce supply chain," Lore said in his memo. "We've also talked about building a simpler organization that enables us to work faster and smarter." Other leadership changes include the naming of Gisel Ruiz as executive vice president of operations for Sam's Club; Ashley Buchanan as Sam's Club's chief merchandising officer; and the announcement that Michael Bender, chief operating officer of global e-commerce, is leaving to "pursue other interests," according to McMillon. The realignments come as no surprise to analysts as Wal-Mart continues to invest heavily in technology and e-commerce to keep up with the changing demands of consumers, and competitors like Amazon.com. Neil Stern, a senior partner at Chicago-based retailing consulting firm McMillanDoolittle, said Wal-Mart's moves reflect major trends occurring within the company. "The first is the continued blurring of roles between the on-line and off-line businesses," Stern said in an email. "They can remove some duplication in roles by having one executive oversee both. The second is expected changes as Marc Lore assumes a larger role within the company as both head of Jet.com and Walmart.com operations." The leadership shuffle also comes as Wal-Mart prepares to cut corporate-level jobs by the end of the month in an effort to protect profits and improve efficiency. Wal-Mart has not confirmed any layoffs, but McMillon said in his memo to employees Friday that the company has to change inside to deliver the changes it wants customers to see on the outside. "From time to time, you'll see the company eliminate positions in an effort to stay lean and fast," McMillon said. "In some areas, we'll invest in new positions but in other cases, we'll operate more efficiently and work to change our processes and become more digital to change the work itself. "These are hard choices. We care about our friends and colleagues and will do our best to handle these transitions smoothly and always with respect." Business on 01/14/2017 Print Headline: Wal-Mart shakes up tech leadership Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Business news in brief On the agenda INCORPORATIONS In U.S. deal, air-bag maker to lay out $1B Wal-Mart shakes up tech leadership Agency: Vehicle economy rules set Retail sales up 0.6% in December Britain's EU exports to face mix of tariffs, ... Profits at 2 big banks climb in '16 More Business stories > Comments on: Wal-Mart shakes up tech leadership To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Faces of the uninsured (1 comment) DANA D. KELLEY: Profiles in cowardice (33 comments) Trump tweets scoff at icon of civil rights (25 comments) Jennifer Holliday backs out of Trump inauguration performance (29 comments) Women list many reasons for marching in D.C. (12 comments) Expectations for 2017 (17 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Skip to Content 2° Mostly cloudy. Chilly. More ▼ ▲ Sign In ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth Housing News How True Is It? World News Business Traffic Summer Road Work ▼▲sub menu toggleShows Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Weekend Programming Specialty Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks All Shows ▼▲sub menu toggleOn Demand Original Podcasts Past Shows Audio Vault ▼▲sub menu toggleInsiders Concerts & Events Contests Blogs Orphans Fund ▼▲sub menu toggleAbout Contact Us Ways to Listen Connect HD Radio News/Talk Team #BCStorm Menu Listen Live On Air Now Account Sign In Home ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth Housing News How True Is It? World News Business Traffic Summer Road Work ▼▲sub menu toggleShows Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Weekend Programming Specialty Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks All Shows ▼▲sub menu toggleOn Demand Original Podcasts Past Shows Audio Vault ▼▲sub menu toggleInsiders Concerts & Events Contests Blogs Orphans Fund ▼▲sub menu toggleAbout Contact Us Ways to Listen Connect HD Radio News/Talk Team #BCStorm ▼▲sub menu toggle Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. ON AIR NOW6:00 PM - 7:00 PMHealthworx Radio Walmart Canada facing 174 violations from AHS Cassandra Jodoin January 13, 2017 09:16 pm Mike Mozart / CC Walmart Canada is facing some heat from Alberta Health Services. AHS says the corporation is charged with 174 violations of the province’s public health act, in relation to the wildfire last may. Those charges include failing to dispose of food items including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. The store allegedly kept and sold food that was potentially contaminated Walmart says during the fire it worked closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team and is surprised by the charges.  (CJ) Trending More Latest More Vancouver Traffic Tweets by @AM730Traffic Current Traffic Incidents You May Also Like More News Devils bury Canucks in overtime 1 seconds ago Taylor Hall's winner just a minute and change into overtime sealed the deal against the Vancouver Canucks,... Read More WATCH: Vancouver man lives in storage locker for two months 2 hours ago   It's not cheap to live in Vancouver, and many people have started to get creative with cost-saving... Read More Vancouver malls rank among top three busiest in Canada: Survey 1 hour ago Two of Vancouver's shopping centres made the top three list of Canada's busiest malls, according to... Read More Vancouver dental assistant raising funds for 5-year-old boy's extensive surgery 4 hours ago A dental assistant for a pediatric office in Vancouver says she's sticking to her word. A GoFundMe... Read More More News Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.
Home Weather 69° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close FBI: Facial recognition software helps ID Indiana cold-case fugitive Lauren E Hernandez, (Salem, Ore.) Statesman Journal , KHOU 10:09 PM. CST January 13, 2017 Photos of Charles Hollin (Photo: FBI, Multnomah County Sheriff's Office) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST SALEM, Ore. — An Indiana man who fled his home state after being suspected of molesting a 10 year old girl in 1999 has been arrested in Salem, according to the FBI. Charles Hollin, 61, was arrested at his job at a Walmart on Tuesday after fleeing the central Indiana area 17 years ago. It was facial recognition software used by the FBI that found Hollin. The FBI in December confirmed a "most likely" facial match of Hollin with Andrew David Hall, the alias he had been using in Salem, according to a complaint affidavit provided by the FBI. Hollin, as Hall, applied for a U.S. passport in 2007 to travel to China Investigators suspect Hollin molested a 10 year old girl in 1999. He asked for the girl's help in Seymour, Ind., to retrieve keys from his locked car. When the girl approached his vehicle, Hollin allegedly placed his hand over her mouth, threatened to kill her at knifepoint and put her into the car, according to a statement released by the U.S. Department of Justice. Hollin is thought to have covered the girl's face with a stocking mask, driven to a secluded area, sexually molested her, and then abandoned her naked on an isolated road. He threw her belongings out of the window as he drove away. The girl was later found and rescued by a passing driver. Within four months of the kidnapping and molestation incident, Hollin obtained an $80,000 home equity loan and applied for an Indiana driver’s license under the name of Andrew David Hall. Hall was an 8-year-old boy who died in a car crash in Kentucky in 1975. On Feb. 2, 2000, the Jackson County, Ind., prosecutor filed charges against Hollin: two counts of confinement with a deadly weapon and three counts of child molestation. Hollin disappeared before investigators could arrest him. On Aug. 20, 2001, Hollin is thought to have moved to Minnesota and used his Indiana driver’s license with Hall's name to obtain a Minnesota driver’s license, according to the affidavit. April Diane Mobley, a friend of Hollin from Indiana, was surprised to hear of his arrest. "I am in total shock, but I'm glad they got him. I would hate to think if he did this to somebody else," Mobley said. Mobley's husband, James, 68, used to work with Hollin at Cummins Engine Co., where they helped build motors for automobiles. April Mobley said Hollin would often visit the couple in their home in the evenings after work to chat and spend some time with the family. "He was happy-go-lucky Charlie and was a really nice guy," Mobley said. "He always dressed nice and always had his Bible with him" Hollin was clutching his black, leather-bound Bible against his chest when he visited Mobley while she was working at a Walmart in Seymour in 2000, the last day she saw him. "He came in to talk to me for a bit, asked how I was doing and said, 'See you later,' " Mobley said. A couple of days later, while Mobley was thumbing through a local newspaper, she saw a sketch of Hollin and an article detailing law enforcement's investigation into the child molestation charges and search for the suspect. "I was in total shock and could not believe it," Mobley said. "All I could think of is what the heck happened, and whether he had done that to his daughters." In 2007, a federal warrant was issued for Hollin's arrest on charges of unlawful flight to avoid prosecution. Jeremy Foster of Salem said he worked the overnight shift with Hollin in 2008 at the Walmart in Salem. "He was a quiet guy and he never really talked about anything personal," Foster said. "He was a private person when it came to himself." Leslee Wright, senior manager for Walmart Corporate Communications, would not comment on Hollin's length of employment but said he is no longer with the company. "We’re cooperating with the FBI in their investigation,” Wright said in an email statement. While it's unclear when Hollin moved from Minnesota to Oregon, he obtained an Oregon driver’s license on March 29, 2011, according to the complaint. Investigators said Hollin's friends and co-workers in Indiana said he admitted to having fake hair pieces and mustaches and knew other tricks to disguise himself. One Indiana co-worker said Hollin once bragged, “If you want to, and know how, you can become someone else, just like that, real easy.” Hollin is currently in custody of the U.S. Marshals Service in Portland. He will be returned to Indiana to face charges. He could face eight years in prison if he's convicted on the federal charges and decades of imprisonment if convicted on the Jackson County charges, according to the Assistant U.S. Attorney Bradley P. Shepard, who is prosecuting the case. Statesman Journal CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Woman killed in car crash, 6 injured Fatal accident shuts down Southwest Fwy at Westpark Teacher gets 10 years for sleeping with student Texans' season ends with loss to Patriots 34-16 Houston forecast for Sunday Truck catches fire at gas pump in Fort Bend Co. RodeoHouston announces 2017 concert lineup Deputies shoot at driver who wouldn't stop Improvements at NRG Stadium ahead of big game Bus driver saves kids from burning bus More Stories Packers topple Cowboys to advance to NFC Championship Game Jan 15, 2017, 7:33 p.m. 27k runners compete in Chevron Houston marathon Jan 15, 2017, 7:46 p.m. HPD: 19-year-old killed in shooting outside event hall Jan 15, 2017, 7:45 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Beckley Walmart stops 24-hour service - Beckley, Bluefield & Lewisburg News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY CBS59 News Don Blankenship UBB Case Local News Crime & Punishment International Missing Persons National Virginia Headlines Strange and Unusual News West Virginia Headlines Weather Download the StormTracker59 App 7-Day Forecast Radar - StormTracker 59 Local Temps National Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temperatures School Closings Weather Watches & Warnings Sports The Big Game - Super Bowl 51 High School Basketball Scores WV Illustrated Video Community Homecoming 2016 Brilliance of Fall 2016 Community Calendar What's On WVNS CBS/FOX TV Schedule Decision Makers Contests WVNS-TV and Dunkin' Donuts Breakfast Club Give-away Track our StormTracker Contest 2016 About Us Contact Us Meet the Team EEO Files FCC Public Inspection File Tactive Digital Work With Us FOX59 Beckley Walmart stops 24-hour service Posted: Friday, January 13, 2017 11:36 PM EST Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017 11:44 PM EST By Jessica Schueler, Main Weekday Anchor Email Connect jschueler@wvnstv.com Beckley Walmart will halt their 24-hour service later this month A local Walmart store will be changing their hours later this month. According to leaders with the corporation, the store on Eisenhower Drive will no longer be open 24-hours. Officials said the change comes in response to how customers are shopping. Starting on January 28, 2017, the Beckley store will close at midnight and reopen at 6 a.m. The MacArthur Walmart will remain open 24-hours a day. At this time, there is no indication that there will be any staff reductions as a result of the reduced hours. WVNS-TV P.O. Box 509 Ghent, WV 25843 Main (304) 787-5959 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WVNS Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Wal-Mart, United Technologies Weigh on DJIA Friday By Paul Ausick January 13, 2017 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet January 13, 2017: Markets opened higher Friday but the blue chips spent the day slowing losing the early gain. The financials and consumer discretionary stocks were performing best among the S&P industry sectors; utilities and telecom were the laggards. The day’s economic news was mixed with retail sales up on auto and gasoline sales, business inventories were up slightly, and consumer sentiment was okay. WTI crude oil for February delivery settled at $52.37 a barrel, down about 1.3% on the day and down 3% for the week. February gold dropped 0.3% on the day to settle at $1,196.20, but up about 1.9% for the week. Equities were headed for a mixed close close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.03% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.24%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.48%. The Dow 30 stocks traded very near the break even line late in the session and the closing bell might see some shifts in which side of the line the index close on. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Friday was Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) which traded down about 1.15% at $67.19. The stock’s 52-week range is $60.20 to $75.19. Volume was about 15% below the daily average of around 8.4 million shares. The company had now specific news, but the government report on retail sales didn’t do Wal-Mart stock any favors. United Technologies Corp. (NYSE: UTX) traded down 0.64% at $110.11. The stock’s 52-week range is $83.39 to $112.83. Volume was about 35% below the daily average of around 3.3 million shares. The industrial giant had no specific news Friday. E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co. (NYSE: DD) traded down 0.58% at $73.68. The stock’s 52-week range is $50.88 to $75.86. Volume was less than half the daily average of around 2.8 million shares. The company had no specific news. McDonald’s Corp. (NYSE: MCD) traded down 0.52% at $121.46. The stock’s 52-week range is $110.33 to $131.96. Volume was less than half the daily average of around 4.3 million shares. The company had no specific news Friday, but investors continue to wonder about McDonald’s plan to sell big stakes in both its China and Japan operations. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 13 are on track to close higher Friday and 17 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Which Privately Held Firms Have a Bright Outlook for 2017? Macy’s, DryShips Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Comp... (NYSE:DD), McDonald's (NYSE:MCD), United Technologies Corp (NYSE:UTX), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 6-Point Checklist for Making Sure You Can Afford to Invest Most Americans Are Dead Wrong About IRAs How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Caterpillar (CAT) or Deere (DE): Which Is the Better Stock? Unum Group (UNM) Strengthens Portfolio with New Coverage Union Pacific (UNP) Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home News Watch Live Latest News Local National News World News Entertainment News Sports News Health News Tech News Submit A Story Idea Weather Submit Weather Photo Galleries Submit Your Photos/Videos News Team Watch Live Janelle Brandom Stephen Morgan David Koeller Aaron Campbell Lakyn McGee John Adams Jeff Houghton J. Fotsch Submit A Story Idea Programs What’s On Now Coming to Fox this Fall NFL Schedule College Basketball The Mystery Hour Contests FOX 5 Weekly Football Giveaway! Standard Contest Rules About Us FAQ Employment Signal Reception Help MeTV Widescreen Viewing Advertise with Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Current EEO Report Closed Captioning Privacy Policy Online Public File Children’s Programming News Features Fox 5 Spotlight Branson Behind the Scenes Golden Apple Award On the Road Finest Fairways Watch Live Live Newscast Fotsch and Sarah in the Morning Live Search Home News Watch Live Latest News Local National News World News Entertainment News Sports News Health News Tech News Submit A Story Idea Weather Submit Weather Photo Galleries Submit Your Photos/Videos News Team Watch Live Janelle Brandom Stephen Morgan David Koeller Aaron Campbell Lakyn McGee John Adams Jeff Houghton J. Fotsch Submit A Story Idea Programs What’s On Now Coming to Fox this Fall NFL Schedule College Basketball The Mystery Hour Contests FOX 5 Weekly Football Giveaway! Standard Contest Rules About Us FAQ Employment Signal Reception Help MeTV Widescreen Viewing Advertise with Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Current EEO Report Closed Captioning Privacy Policy Online Public File Children’s Programming News Features Fox 5 Spotlight Branson Behind the Scenes Golden Apple Award On the Road Finest Fairways Watch Live Live Newscast Fotsch and Sarah in the Morning Live Latest Update Springfield businesses deal with power outages Free Health Screenings Day Fox 5 Sports Minute – Weekend of 1/13 Winter Weather Causes Red Code At Community Blood Center Springfield Man Sentenced to Twenty Years For Abusing Girlfriend’s Daughter Missing Florida Baby Found Disneyland Upgrades Ticketing System Automotive Supplier Expected to Plead Guilty New Girl Scout Cookie 2017 Tournament of Champions Free Health Screenings Day 0 tweet (01/13/2017) With losing weight being the number one New Year Resolution for a majority of Americans, two of America’s largest retail stores are doing what they can to help you stick your goals. Walmart and Sam’s Club stores nationwide will be offering free health screenings this Saturday, January 14th, allowing thousands of Americans to learn critical information about their health and stay the course on their resolutions for the new year. “It’s all going to be free at Sam’s Club and Walmart and I want to point out too that Sam’s Club will be open to the public not just our members”, stated Walmart Spokesperson Michelle Malashock. “At Walmart as a whole we are committed to being a great resource to the community for both healthier food and health care.” Last year, the two stores provided nearly half a million free health screenings to people across the country. Previous PostSpringfield businesses deal with power outages Next PostFox 5 Sports Minute - Weekend of 1/13 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Contact Us KRBK-TV 1701 S. Enterprise Springfield, MO 65804 417.522.0020 Recent Posts Springfield businesses deal with power outages Free Health Screenings Day Fox 5 Sports Minute – Weekend of 1/13 Winter Weather Causes Red Code At Community Blood Center Springfield Man Sentenced to Twenty Years For Abusing Girlfriend’s Daughter Missing Florida Baby Found Quick Links About Us Employment Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Closed Captioning Children's Programming Current EEO Report Online Public File Website Terms of Service Contact Us KRBK-TV 1701 S. Enterprise Springfield, MO 65804 417.522.0020 Owned and operated by Koplar Communications, LLC. Copyright © 2017 All rights reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 838 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest FBI: Facial recognition software helps ID Indiana cold-case fugitive An Indiana man who fled his home state after being suspected of molesting a 10 year old girl in 1999 has been arrested in Salem, Ore., according to the FBI. Post to Facebook FBI: Facial recognition software helps ID Indiana cold-case fugitive An Indiana man who fled his home state after being suspected of molesting a 10 year old girl in 1999 has been arrested in Salem, Ore., according to the FBI.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jGHVFn {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 9 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs FBI: Facial recognition software helps ID Indiana cold-case fugitive USA Today Network Lauren E Hernandez, (Salem, Ore.) Statesman Journal Published 10:21 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 | Updated 10:21 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 Photos of Charles Hollin (Photo: FBI, Multnomah County Sheriff's office) SALEM, Ore. — An Indiana man who fled his home state after being suspected of molesting a 10 year old girl in 1999 has been arrested in Salem, according to the FBI. Charles Hollin, 61, was arrested at his job at a Walmart on Tuesday after fleeing the central Indiana area 17 years ago. It was facial recognition software used by the FBI that found Hollin. The FBI in December confirmed a "most likely" facial match of Hollin with Andrew David Hall, the alias he had been using in Salem, according to a complaint affidavit provided by the FBI. Hollin, as Hall, applied for a U.S. passport in 2007 to travel to China Investigators suspect Hollin molested a 10 year old girl in 1999. He asked for the girl's help in Seymour, Ind., to retrieve keys from his locked car. When the girl approached his vehicle, Hollin allegedly placed his hand over her mouth, threatened to kill her at knifepoint and put her into the car, according to a statement released by the U.S. Department of Justice. Hollin is thought to have covered the girl's face with a stocking mask, driven to a secluded area, sexually molested her, and then abandoned her naked on an isolated road. He threw her belongings out of the window as he drove away. The girl was later found and rescued by a passing driver. USA TODAY Guilty plea entered in decades-old Ohio cold case Within four months of the kidnapping and molestation incident, Hollin obtained an $80,000 home equity loan and applied for an Indiana driver’s license under the name of Andrew David Hall. Hall was an 8-year-old boy who died in a car crash in Kentucky in 1975. On Feb. 2, 2000, the Jackson County, Ind., prosecutor filed charges against Hollin: two counts of confinement with a deadly weapon and three counts of child molestation. Hollin disappeared before investigators could arrest him. On Aug. 20, 2001, Hollin is thought to have moved to Minnesota and used his Indiana driver’s license with Hall's name to obtain a Minnesota driver’s license, according to the affidavit. April Diane Mobley, a friend of Hollin from Indiana, was surprised to hear of his arrest. "I am in total shock, but I'm glad they got him. I would hate to think if he did this to somebody else," Mobley said. Mobley's husband, James, 68, used to work with Hollin at Cummins Engine Co., where they helped build motors for automobiles. USA TODAY Felix Vail case becomes oldest prosecution of suspected serial killer in history April Mobley said Hollin would often visit the couple in their home in the evenings after work to chat and spend some time with the family. "He was happy-go-lucky Charlie and was a really nice guy," Mobley said. "He always dressed nice and always had his Bible with him" Hollin was clutching his black, leather-bound Bible against his chest when he visited Mobley while she was working at a Walmart in Seymour in 2000, the last day she saw him. "He came in to talk to me for a bit, asked how I was doing and said, 'See you later,' " Mobley said. A couple of days later, while Mobley was thumbing through a local newspaper, she saw a sketch of Hollin and an article detailing law enforcement's investigation into the child molestation charges and search for the suspect. "I was in total shock and could not believe it," Mobley said. "All I could think of is what the heck happened, and whether he had done that to his daughters." USA TODAY DA cites new evidence in Beck murder case In 2007, a federal warrant was issued for Hollin's arrest on charges of unlawful flight to avoid prosecution. Jeremy Foster of Salem said he worked the overnight shift with Hollin in 2008 at the Walmart in Salem. "He was a quiet guy and he never really talked about anything personal," Foster said. "He was a private person when it came to himself." Leslee Wright, senior manager for Walmart Corporate Communications, would not comment on Hollin's length of employment but said he is no longer with the company. "We’re cooperating with the FBI in their investigation,” Wright said in an email statement. While it's unclear when Hollin moved from Minnesota to Oregon, he obtained an Oregon driver’s license on March 29, 2011, according to the complaint. Investigators said Hollin's friends and co-workers in Indiana said he admitted to having fake hair pieces and mustaches and knew other tricks to disguise himself. One Indiana co-worker said Hollin once bragged, “If you want to, and know how, you can become someone else, just like that, real easy.” Hollin is currently in custody of the U.S. Marshals Service in Portland. He will be returned to Indiana to face charges. He could face eight years in prison if he's convicted on the federal charges and decades of imprisonment if convicted on the Jackson County charges, according to the Assistant U.S. Attorney Bradley P. Shepard, who is prosecuting the case. 838 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jGHVFn NEVER MISS OUT The Short List Let us bring the headlines to you every night. Stay current and catch up on the biggest stories of the day. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE The Short List NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1829 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Polk County Itemizer-Observer Jump to content News Special sections Coupons Biz Directory Facebook Twitter Instagram Sign in Home News Agriculture Briefs Business Education Environment Government Local Police & Fire Local Links Legal ads Who's in jail? Sports High School Recreation Youth College Schedules Opinion Letters to the Editor Guest Commentary Editorial Living Community Entertainment People Births Engagements Weddings Obituaries Obituaries Death Notices Events Calendars Media Photos Galleries Videos Classifieds Search ads Place ad Coupons Special Sections Contact Us Local coupons Contact info Subscribe Staff Listing News Tips Letter to the Editor Obituary Wedding Birth Engagement Anniversary Business news Upvote 0 Polk Grand Jury Clears Officers In December Shooting In Dallas Polk County District Attorney says determination was unanimous A grand jury found Dallas officers' use of deadly force was justified in the Dec. 16 shooting in the Dallas Walmart parking lot. Photo by Lukas Eggen. Itemizer-Observer staff report As of Friday, January 13, 2017 Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter DALLAS – A Polk County grand jury found that two Dallas police officers were justified in using deadly force during the Dec. 16 shooting incident that killed Jeremiah N. Anderson. The grand jury’s finding was reached Friday and was unanimous, said a press release from the Polk County District Attorney’s Office. On Dec. 16 at approximately 5:18 p.m., a 911 caller reported a suspicious vehicle in the Dallas Walmart parking lot, 321 NE Kings Valley Highway. The caller described the vehicle as a green F-150 pickup truck and said the driver of the truck appeared to be intoxicated and was flailing around in the driver’s seat. Dallas police officers Aaron Mollahan and Michael Fleming, and Sgt. Rob Hatchell were dispatched to investigate the call. They contacted the driver of the pickup truck, identified as Jeremiah Nels Anderson. According to the DA’s office, Anderson confirmed to the officers that he had driven himself to the Walmart in the pickup truck. Mollahan developed probable cause to believe Anderson was impaired by a controlled substance, based on “poor performance on several field sobriety tests as well as his confused demeanor and speech,” the DA’s office said. Anderson refused the officers’ verbal requests for consent to pat him down for weapons. The officers determined they had probable cause to arrest Anderson on driving under the influence of intoxicants and asked him to place his hands behind his back to be cuffed. At that point, Anderson actively began resisting arrest and trying to break free from physical restraint. Anderson was told repeatedly to stop resisting and continued to struggle with the three officers, the release said. The officers restrained Anderson face down, but were unable to get his arms out from under him. At this point, Anderson told officers he would shoot, and produced a .45 caliber pistol from a shoulder holster. He fired at least two bullets, hitting Hatchell in the leg, according to reports from the DA's office. Hatchell returned fire at close range, striking Anderson in the lower extremities, the report stated. Anderson continued to struggle. Fleming fired one shot, striking Anderson in the head, according to the DA's office. Anderson died at the scene. Hatchell suffered extensive injuries to his leg and back, the DA's report stated. The grand jury found that Hatchell and Fleming's use of deadly force were lawful and justified because: The use of physical force was necessary to defend the police officer or another person from the use or threatened imminent use of deadly physical force; and The officer's life or personal safety was endangered in the particular circumstance involved. A subsequent search of Anderson's home located both methamphetamine and .45 caliber ammunition consistent with the gun he used to shoot Hatchell, according to reports from the DA's office. The Oregon State Police conducted the investigation. The Polk County District Attorney's Office presented the evidence to the grand jury. The grand jury heard testimony from the three involved Dallas officers. Also testifying were detectives and troopers from OSP and five citizen witnesses. The grand jury also reviewed a scene diagram, a report of the Oregon State Medical Examiner's Office, as well as dash camera and body camera video. More like this story Dallas Police Officer injured, suspect dead after shooting Officer injured, man killed in shooting Looking back at what headlines mattered most to you in 2016 Deputy cleared in shooting Officers cleared in shooting Commenting has been disabled for this item. Hot Jobs View all listings ﻿ Subscribe to our email newsletter to get info on local events and upcoming stories * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Mobile version Tablet version Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Polk County Itemizer-Observer, Inc. All rights reserved. Covering Dallas, Monmouth, Independence, Falls City and surrounding areas since 1868
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 838 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest FBI: Facial recognition software helps ID Indiana cold-case fugitive An Indiana man who fled his home state after being suspected of molesting a 10 year old girl in 1999 has been arrested in Salem, Ore., according to the FBI. Post to Facebook FBI: Facial recognition software helps ID Indiana cold-case fugitive An Indiana man who fled his home state after being suspected of molesting a 10 year old girl in 1999 has been arrested in Salem, Ore., according to the FBI.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jGHVFn {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 9 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs FBI: Facial recognition software helps ID Indiana cold-case fugitive USA Today Network Lauren E Hernandez, (Salem, Ore.) Statesman Journal Published 10:21 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 | Updated 10:21 p.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 Photos of Charles Hollin (Photo: FBI, Multnomah County Sheriff's office) SALEM, Ore. — An Indiana man who fled his home state after being suspected of molesting a 10 year old girl in 1999 has been arrested in Salem, according to the FBI. Charles Hollin, 61, was arrested at his job at a Walmart on Tuesday after fleeing the central Indiana area 17 years ago. It was facial recognition software used by the FBI that found Hollin. The FBI in December confirmed a "most likely" facial match of Hollin with Andrew David Hall, the alias he had been using in Salem, according to a complaint affidavit provided by the FBI. Hollin, as Hall, applied for a U.S. passport in 2007 to travel to China Investigators suspect Hollin molested a 10 year old girl in 1999. He asked for the girl's help in Seymour, Ind., to retrieve keys from his locked car. When the girl approached his vehicle, Hollin allegedly placed his hand over her mouth, threatened to kill her at knifepoint and put her into the car, according to a statement released by the U.S. Department of Justice. Hollin is thought to have covered the girl's face with a stocking mask, driven to a secluded area, sexually molested her, and then abandoned her naked on an isolated road. He threw her belongings out of the window as he drove away. The girl was later found and rescued by a passing driver. USA TODAY Guilty plea entered in decades-old Ohio cold case Within four months of the kidnapping and molestation incident, Hollin obtained an $80,000 home equity loan and applied for an Indiana driver’s license under the name of Andrew David Hall. Hall was an 8-year-old boy who died in a car crash in Kentucky in 1975. On Feb. 2, 2000, the Jackson County, Ind., prosecutor filed charges against Hollin: two counts of confinement with a deadly weapon and three counts of child molestation. Hollin disappeared before investigators could arrest him. On Aug. 20, 2001, Hollin is thought to have moved to Minnesota and used his Indiana driver’s license with Hall's name to obtain a Minnesota driver’s license, according to the affidavit. April Diane Mobley, a friend of Hollin from Indiana, was surprised to hear of his arrest. "I am in total shock, but I'm glad they got him. I would hate to think if he did this to somebody else," Mobley said. Mobley's husband, James, 68, used to work with Hollin at Cummins Engine Co., where they helped build motors for automobiles. USA TODAY Felix Vail case becomes oldest prosecution of suspected serial killer in history April Mobley said Hollin would often visit the couple in their home in the evenings after work to chat and spend some time with the family. "He was happy-go-lucky Charlie and was a really nice guy," Mobley said. "He always dressed nice and always had his Bible with him" Hollin was clutching his black, leather-bound Bible against his chest when he visited Mobley while she was working at a Walmart in Seymour in 2000, the last day she saw him. "He came in to talk to me for a bit, asked how I was doing and said, 'See you later,' " Mobley said. A couple of days later, while Mobley was thumbing through a local newspaper, she saw a sketch of Hollin and an article detailing law enforcement's investigation into the child molestation charges and search for the suspect. "I was in total shock and could not believe it," Mobley said. "All I could think of is what the heck happened, and whether he had done that to his daughters." USA TODAY DA cites new evidence in Beck murder case In 2007, a federal warrant was issued for Hollin's arrest on charges of unlawful flight to avoid prosecution. Jeremy Foster of Salem said he worked the overnight shift with Hollin in 2008 at the Walmart in Salem. "He was a quiet guy and he never really talked about anything personal," Foster said. "He was a private person when it came to himself." Leslee Wright, senior manager for Walmart Corporate Communications, would not comment on Hollin's length of employment but said he is no longer with the company. "We’re cooperating with the FBI in their investigation,” Wright said in an email statement. While it's unclear when Hollin moved from Minnesota to Oregon, he obtained an Oregon driver’s license on March 29, 2011, according to the complaint. Investigators said Hollin's friends and co-workers in Indiana said he admitted to having fake hair pieces and mustaches and knew other tricks to disguise himself. One Indiana co-worker said Hollin once bragged, “If you want to, and know how, you can become someone else, just like that, real easy.” Hollin is currently in custody of the U.S. Marshals Service in Portland. He will be returned to Indiana to face charges. He could face eight years in prison if he's convicted on the federal charges and decades of imprisonment if convicted on the Jackson County charges, according to the Assistant U.S. Attorney Bradley P. Shepard, who is prosecuting the case. 838 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jGHVFn NEVER MISS OUT The Short List Let us bring the headlines to you every night. Stay current and catch up on the biggest stories of the day. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE The Short List NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1829 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Skip to Content 2° Mostly cloudy. Chilly. More ▼ ▲ Sign In ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth Housing News How True Is It? World News Business Traffic Summer Road Work ▼▲sub menu toggleShows Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Weekend Programming Specialty Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks All Shows ▼▲sub menu toggleOn Demand Original Podcasts Past Shows Audio Vault ▼▲sub menu toggleInsiders Concerts & Events Contests Blogs Orphans Fund ▼▲sub menu toggleAbout Contact Us Ways to Listen Connect HD Radio News/Talk Team #BCStorm Menu Listen Live On Air Now Account Sign In Home ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth Housing News How True Is It? World News Business Traffic Summer Road Work ▼▲sub menu toggleShows Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Weekend Programming Specialty Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks All Shows ▼▲sub menu toggleOn Demand Original Podcasts Past Shows Audio Vault ▼▲sub menu toggleInsiders Concerts & Events Contests Blogs Orphans Fund ▼▲sub menu toggleAbout Contact Us Ways to Listen Connect HD Radio News/Talk Team #BCStorm ▼▲sub menu toggle Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. ON AIR NOW6:00 PM - 7:00 PMHealthworx Radio Walmart hit with 174 violations for allegedly selling wildfire-contaminated food in Fort Mac Cam Donavin January 13, 2017 04:51 pm Allegations have surfaced pointed at Walmart Canada for selling food that was potentially contaminated by the Fort McMurray wildfire. Alberta Health Services reports that they’ve charged the retail-giant with 174 violations of the province’s Public Health Act. The health agency believes that Walmart sold food contaminated by the wildfire to the public, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. Walmart Canada’s senior director of corporate affairs, Alex Roberton says the retailer is surprised by the charges. The May 1st wildfire forced more than 80-thousand people to flee Fort McMurray. Trending More Latest More Vancouver Traffic Tweets by @AM730Traffic Current Traffic Incidents You May Also Like More News Devils bury Canucks in overtime 1 seconds ago Taylor Hall's winner just a minute and change into overtime sealed the deal against the Vancouver Canucks,... Read More WATCH: Vancouver man lives in storage locker for two months 2 hours ago   It's not cheap to live in Vancouver, and many people have started to get creative with cost-saving... Read More Vancouver malls rank among top three busiest in Canada: Survey 1 hour ago Two of Vancouver's shopping centres made the top three list of Canada's busiest malls, according to... Read More Vancouver dental assistant raising funds for 5-year-old boy's extensive surgery 4 hours ago A dental assistant for a pediatric office in Vancouver says she's sticking to her word. A GoFundMe... Read More More News Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.
Home The Mix In-Depth Littwin Keefe Events The Beats Civil Rights Education Environment/Energy Health Criminal Justice Politics Donate Mailing list Jeffco school board says no, again, to Walton-backed charter Marianne Goodland January 13, 2017 Education No Comments The Jefferson County Board of Education, for a second time, turned down an application for a charter school with ties to the Walton Foundation. The board voted 3-2 Thursday evening to reject the Great Work Montessori School (GWMS) application. Board members said they worried the charter would not have enough students to open the school and expressed concern about the school’s ties to Walmart’s Walton family and family foundation. One board member accused the charter’s backers of deceiving the board about those ties. The charter school, which would be located near the intersection of South Sheridan and West Alameda in east Lakewood, plans to be a preK-8 school, with a maximum enrollment of 270 students. In its first year, it would enroll preK through third grade, and add another grade every year until it reaches the eighth grade. The school board initially denied the charter application in November. In its denial the board said the budget was too heavily dependent on grants and $1,500-per-month tuition for its pre-kindergarten program, which would serve three- and four-year olds. Related: Jeffco board rejects Walton-backed charter After being denied by the Jeffco board, the GWMS board took its application to the state board of education, and last month, the state board ordered the Jeffco board to work with the charter on the budget issues and to reconsider its decision. Over the past 30 days, both board members and charter backers worked extensively on the budget, and complimented each other for the collaborative process. But it wasn’t enough. Related: Rejected Jeffco charter gets second chance from state board of education Thursday night’s board meeting was packed with supporters and opponents of the Great Work school, as well as those who wanted to chime in on what the board should do with Jeffco Superintendent Dan McMinimee. The board ultimately voted unanimously to begin a national search for a new superintendent. Related: Jeffco school board vote to launch search for new superintendent Opponents of the GWMS application, such as Alex McDaniel of Lakewood, asked the board to once again turn down the charter. McDaniel and his family said they supported the Jeffco board and blasted the state board of education. “During the appeal, the Colorado state board suggested that failure is a part of taking risks. We are ashamed that they would view a probable failure, such as Great Work, as an acceptable risk where real Jeffco students will pay the lifelong price,” McDaniel said during public comment. “Great Work claims to bring us the gift of choice. But just remember, the Trojan Horse was also a gift.” Beverly Wadman, a teacher at Denison Montessori who represented the school’s families and staff, also asked the board to turn down the application. GWMS has claimed it would serve low-income students in a diverse neighborhood where Montessori education is not available. But Wadman pointed out that Denison, a Denver Public School that is about a mile from the GWMS site, has been in operation for more than 30 years, is tuition-free and serves the same diverse population. The school accepts students from Jefferson County. Jennifer Ramsey of Lakewood wants to enroll her children in the charter, if approved. “A solid Montessori education should not be limited to those who can afford an expensive education,” she told the board. “Diversity in our school is what helps children to learn.” And Chase Bongirno, a Jefferson County resident, said the waiting list for other Montessori charter schools in the county is a year long, showing the demand for that education is strong. But the charter’s backers last night weren’t able to demonstrate that the demand for Montessori has extended to Great Work. Amy Malick, the charter’s “head of school,” said that while it had 60 letters of intent to enroll for the pre-kindergarten, a survey it did earlier this month showed it had only 19 commitments for grades one through three. The board expected at least 161 letters of intent for kindergarten through grade three, with a 50 percent dropout rate, which is standard for charter schools, according to Jefferson County staff. There’s also the matter of the ties between Walton and the charter. James Walton is the owner of Great Work, Inc., which in turn owns another company, TGNA. TGNA  purchased land for the school with money from the Walton Foundation. The charter board has insisted Walton’s only connection was a $250,000 grant from the Foundation, but an investigation by The Colorado Independent found that James Walton was among those who conceived of GWMS. The Walton Foundation boasts that it has funded one-quarter of the nation’s charter schools. Jeffco school board President Ron Mitchell on Thursday accused the GWMS board of deception about its ties to Walton. A crossover between a public and private school is a concern, Mitchell said, adding that he doesn’t like “national chain for-profit charters. “I feel like our board has been deceived…when I ask about who owns the property, I get answer that is not satisfying…I think I could prove that the home office of that organization is somewhere down in Arkansas,” where Walmart and the Walton Foundation are based. (In fact, Great Work, Inc. lists as its principal address the same one listed by the Walton Foundation.) Malick did not respond to Mitchell’s accusation. Related: Proposed Jeffco charter finds it isn’t business as usual with school board The Jeffco board’s decision Thursday night does not come without risk. Prior to the vote, several board members pointed out that if they denied the application again, GWMS could again appeal to the state board of education. The state board could just order the Jeffco school district to accept the charter, and on that, the Jeffco board would not have a right of appeal. The state board  in July ordered the Aurora Public Schools to renew the contract of a charter network, Hope Online, after the school district decided to shutter five five Hope learning centers for poor performance. That clearly weighed on the minds of the board as it voted, but the financial issues and below-acceptable enrollment projections weighed more.  GWMS is expected to appeal to the state board of education, although it will be a slightly different state board than the one it met with in December. November’s election put the state board under Democratic control for the first time in decades, with the board now at four Democrats and three Republicans. It previously had been three Democrats and four Republicans. But it’s not a given that the board will vote much differently than it did in December. The new board chair, Democrat Angelika Schroeder, voted with the board’s four Republicans in December, in a 5-2 vote, to remand the GWMS application back to Jefferson County. Alex McDaniel colorado state board of education Great Work Montessori School jefferson county board of education ron mitchell Like this story? Steal it! Feel free to republish it in part or in full, just please give credit to The Colorado Independent and add a link to the original. Got a tip? Story pitch? Send us an e-mail. Follow The Colorado Independent on Twitter. Like this article? Share it! Twitter Facebook Google Reddit Tumblr Email More StumbleUpon LinkedIn Pinterest Pocket Print About the Author Marianne Goodland has been a political journalist since 1998. She covered the state capitol for the Silver & Gold Record from 1998 to 2009 and for The Colorado Statesman in 2010-11 and 2013-14. Since 2010 she also has covered the General Assembly for newspapers in northeastern Colorado. She was recognized with awards from the Colorado Press Association for feature writing and informational graphics for her work with the Statesman in 2012. Related Posts Guest post: Jeffco school district’s no means no Rejected Jeffco charter gets second chance from state board of education Two races still too close to call from Tuesday’s election Jeffco board rejects Walton-backed charter school Leave a Response Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Name* Email* Website Notify me of new posts by email. "Small Media, Big News" - Founded, 2006. Born again, 2013. Search Keefe DONATE What people are reading Littwin: Trump, Nazis and Russian hotel sex. It’s just the beginning. Littwin: Obama offers up a warning, Trump a tweet How Colorado lawmakers are reacting to Donald Trump— with state laws Guest post: Jeffco school district’s no means no Littwin: The old Hick is back, but in a brand new world KGNU Community Radio Hear headlines from The Indy every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 2:55 pm Keep in touch Just In Greene: Mitch Morrissey leaves his fingerprint Jeffco school board says no, again, to Walton-backed charter WATCH: Cory Gardner gives some love to Rex Tillerson, Trump’s pick for Secretary of State Jeffco school board votes to launch search for new superintendent Littwin: The old Hick is back, but in a brand new world The Home Front: The latest issue facing Boulder is … slacklining in parks Hickenlooper plays it safe with State of the State How Colorado lawmakers are reacting to Donald Trump— with state laws National survey reports Colorado schools remain “hostile environments” for LGBTQ youth Littwin: Trump, Nazis and Russian hotel sex. It’s just the beginning. The Home Front: Ex-Colorado sheriff employee told to ‘keep quiet’ about jail death Opening Day 2017 Colorado General Assembly: the day in pictures Controversial Broomfield fracking moratorium vote postponed Opening Day at the Colorado General Assembly: One day down, 119 to go Media roundup: Researcher says CO’s legislature is the most polarized in the nation Littwin: Obama offers up a warning, Trump a tweet The Home Front: Avalanches, wind storms, and the start of a legislative session Fast-approaching hearings prompt slew of pleas for CO senators to reject cabinet picks Wiretap: Wary senators and Obamacare repeal; Mitch vs. Mitch; Meryl Streep is why liberals win The Home Front: Well, that was one wild wind storm yesterday… scroll Read More EVENTS Seven education storylines to watch as the Colorado General Assembly gets to work   As Colorado lawmakers return to the Capitol on Wednesday to begin crafting education policy and setting spending priorities, they face significant budget challenges, an […] Read More WATCH: Colorado’s third party US Senate candidates debate guns, healthcare and more TWITTER Tweets by @COindependent THE BLOGS WATCH: Cory Gardner gives some love to Rex Tillerson, Trump’s pick for Secretary of State Colorado’s junior U.S. Senator, Republican Cory Gardner, appeared impressed with Rex Tillerson, Donald Trump’s choice for Secretary of State, following a nine-hour confirmation hearing this week. […] Read More FACEBOOK Our Mission To serve the needs of readers and communities throughout Colorado according to this simple, meaningful idea: The only bias we have is for good journalism. We take the role of journalism as a public trust seriously. The goal is to make impact, to inspire action by moving readers on important issues with stories that provide missing context, unearth buried facts and amplify unheard voices. Categories Civil Rights Criminal Justice Education Environment/Energy Health Politics Information About us Donate Contact Us Privacy Policy Board of Directors Home The Mix In-Depth Littwin Keefe Events The Beats Donate Mailing list Photo Credit: Denver Public Library; Western History Collection; L C. McClure; MCC-1824; Site Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wal-Mart's leadership expands executive roles in online push Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Sat Jan 14, 2017 | 4:38am IST Wal-Mart's leadership expands executive roles in online push Aircraft flies over a Wal-Mart billboard in Mexico City March 24, 2015. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido/File Photo Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) on Friday announced a management shuffle that integrates the running of its physical outlets and online operations, and extends broader authority to the former head of online retailer Jet.com, which Wal-Mart bought for $3.3 billion last year. It was the second time Wal-Mart has shuffled its e-commerce decks after it acquired Jet.com in August and appointed Marc Lore to run its e-commerce business. In November, Wal-Mart announced a number of management changes and said Jet.com co-founder Nate Faust would lead fulfilment operations for both Jet.com and Wal-Mart.com. Among the changes announced on Friday, Wal-Mart said Jeremy King, who was the chief technology officer of global e-commerce for Wal-Mart Stores, will oversee the technology teams for both its brick and mortar retail stores and its e-commerce business. Michael Bender, chief operating officer for e-commerce, will leave the company. Tony Rogers, the chief marketing officer of Wal-Mart in the United States, will now also oversee online marketing efforts as the company shifts its focus to building its websites and e-commerce offerings. Wal-Mart also appointed GE Power (GE.N) executive Clay Johnson as the new chief information officer. Johnson will replace Karenann Terrell, who will leave in February. "These changes continue to show Lore is putting his stamp on the business," said Brian Yarbrough, senior research analyst with Edward Jones. "It remains to be seen how effective this will be." The departures are a sign that Wal-Mart's struggling online business will get a drastic makeover under Lore, who started out in e-commerce with Diapers.com, which he eventually sold to Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) in 2010 for $550 million. Lore is likely to stay with Wal-Mart for at least five years, according to filings. The changes announced on Friday are also part of a broader push by Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon to narrow the gap with Amazon and to give it an even more dominant position in U.S. e-commerce. The retailer has been investing in e-commerce for the past 15 years, but it still lags far behind its Seattle-based rival. The management changes come at a time when Wal-Mart is cutting thousands of back-office jobs in an effort to focus more on e-commerce, cut costs and have more employees on the sales floor Analysts expect such executive shuffles to continue as Wal-Mart keeps integrating Jet.com into its business. "Wal-Mart clearly isn't done reconfiguring its e-commerce operation and still has work to do," said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. He said a lot of companies are combining oversight of their store and online operations with the goal of having a single retail organisation, as Apple Inc APPL.O did last year. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago and Gayathree Ganesan in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Jeffrey Dastin in New York; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) Next In Technology News China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags DETROIT Electric cars will pick up critical momentum in 2017, many in the auto industry believe - just not in North America. South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief SEOUL South Korea's special prosecutor said on Sunday it will take into account the economic impact of whether to arrest Samsung Group leader Jay Y. Lee in connection with an influence-peddling investigation involving the president. U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories BUSINESS As its boss moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
GoSearch Replay: News at Five WHO-HD Channel 13 TV Schedule Search Contact Us whotv.com Menu News Mega Doppler-S Sports On 13 Gift Guide Contests Events Weather 31° 31° Low 26° High 34° Mon 28° 37° Tue 30° 36° Wed 27° 45° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Centerville Business Gives New Life to Old Walmart Posted 5:46 pm, January 13, 2017, by Roger Riley Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr Please enable Javascript to watch this video CENTERVILLE, Iowa- The Iowa Small Business Development Center has recognized a business here as the 2017 Neal Smith Entrepreneur of the Year Award winner. Steve and Leona Fogle have run the Fogle True Value Hardware Store for several years after buying it from the previous owners. Last fall the couple moved the business into the former Walmart store on the north end of town. “It did surprise us because we're just a married couple trying to make a living running a hardware store and never thought that we would even be up for an award,” said Steve Fogle. “We have done a lot of business with the previous owner so we kind of had an understanding of what the business was, and we thought it was a good fit for us.” Leona Fogle said the couple got the call recently one morning in their store’s office. The store has filled the space with its own products, including tools lawnmowers, and items for the home, including appliances. Two other stores are also leasing space in the store: a gun shop and a furniture store. Both businesses are owned by friends of the Fogles. “The community has had a good response, we hope to make it last and hopefully see other businesses work together and continue to grow,” said Leona. “Some other businesses now that are coinciding, if that's what it takes to help small businesses grow, I think that's a great thing.” Appanoose Development Corp. had purchased the former Walmart on auction, while looking for a new business to take the spot. “Walmart built a new building down south of here, a little larger and it's actually the highest grossing retailer for Walmart in the region, it’s been very very good for Centerville,” said Centerville Mayor Neal MacArthur. “The building was vacant about a year and a half we had three or four businesses which looked at it, but Steve's business was the best one of the bunch.” “We are honored to have clients who have worked diligently to move their businesses forward while showing a strong commitment to their communities and customers,” said Lisa Shimkat, State Director of America’s Small Business Development Center in Iowa. "We are delighted to be able to recognize their hard work and success with these awards.” The Fogles will be formally presented the award on March 14th at the State Capitol in Des Moines. 40.743212 -92.868007 Filed in: News Topics: centerville, Iowa, SBDC, Small Business Development Center Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr Channel 13 is on Instagram! Join the fun. Share with us! Popular Winter Storm Could Bring Dangerous Conditions Sunday Night Des Moines Man Found in Utah Accused of Missing Woman’s Murder Homicide: Police Find Body Believed to be Missing Des Moines Woman Latest News Iowans Stock Up to Stay Away from Storm “Park, Eat, Play” Project to Combat Parking Problem in Downtown Des Moines Worried Affordable Care Act Supporters Rally Outside Courthouse Marshalltown Man Hit by Train, Killed News For a Small Electronics Business, Black Friday Just Another Day News Season of Sweet Success for Algona Shop News Small Business Saturday Opportunity for Shoppers, New Des Moines Business News Assisted Living Center Says Breach of Contract has Swiped Assistance From Elderly News Ames Aldi Relocates to Duff Avenue News Weather’s Impact on Holiday Shopping in East Village News Iowans Fighting for Minimum Wage Make Plea to Lawmakers News Ames South Duff Proposed Road Project Causing Concern News Templeton Rye Awarded $1.6 Million to Bring Operations to Iowa News Centerville Cemetery Holds History Lessons News More New Development Changing Campustown in Ames News Walmart Trims its Christmas Eve Hours News Ames Tour Encourages Awareness of Small Business Saturday Mobile Apps 13Now News App for iPhone & iPad 13Now News App for Android 13WarnMe Weather App for iPhone & iPad 13WarnMe Weather App for Android Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1801 Grand Ave. Des Moines, IA 50309 • Copyright © 2017, WHO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wal-Mart's leadership expands executive roles in online push News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Technology Wal-Mart's leadership expands executive roles in online push Wal-Mart on Friday announced a management shuffle that integrates the running of its physical outlets and online operations, and extends broader authority to the former head of online retailer Jet.com, which Wal-Mart bought for US$3.3 billion last year. Posted 14 Jan 2017 07:10 Updated 14 Jan 2017 07:42 Aircraft flies over a Wal-Mart billboard in Mexico City March 24, 2015. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Wal-Mart on Friday announced a management shuffle that integrates the running of its physical outlets and online operations, and extends broader authority to the former head of online retailer Jet.com, which Wal-Mart bought for US$3.3 billion last year. It was the second time Wal-Mart has shuffled its e-commerce decks after it acquired Jet.com in August and appointed Marc Lore to run its e-commerce business. In November, Wal-Mart announced a number of management changes and said Jet.com co-founder Nate Faust would lead fulfilment operations for both Jet.com and Wal-Mart.com. Among the changes announced on Friday, Wal-Mart said Jeremy King, who was the chief technology officer of global e-commerce for Wal-Mart Stores, will oversee the technology teams for both its brick and mortar retail stores and its e-commerce business. Michael Bender, chief operating officer for e-commerce, will leave the company. Tony Rogers, the chief marketing officer of Wal-Mart in the United States, will now also oversee online marketing efforts as the company shifts its focus to building its websites and e-commerce offerings. Wal-Mart also appointed GE Power executive Clay Johnson as the new chief information officer. Johnson will replace Karenann Terrell, who will leave in February. "These changes continue to show Lore is putting his stamp on the business," said Brian Yarbrough, senior research analyst with Edward Jones. "It remains to be seen how effective this will be." The departures are a sign that Wal-Mart's struggling online business will get a drastic makeover under Lore, who started out in e-commerce with Diapers.com, which he eventually sold to Amazon.com Inc in 2010 for US$550 million. Lore is likely to stay with Wal-Mart for at least five years, according to filings. The changes announced on Friday are also part of a broader push by Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon to narrow the gap with Amazon and to give it an even more dominant position in U.S. e-commerce. The retailer has been investing in e-commerce for the past 15 years, but it still lags far behind its Seattle-based rival. The management changes come at a time when Wal-Mart is cutting thousands of back-office jobs in an effort to focus more on e-commerce, cut costs and have more employees on the sales floor Analysts expect such executive shuffles to continue as Wal-Mart keeps integrating Jet.com into its business. "Wal-Mart clearly isn't done reconfiguring its e-commerce operation and still has work to do," said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. He said a lot of companies are combining oversight of their store and online operations with the goal of having a single retail organisation, as Apple did last year. - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart's leadership expands exec roles in online push By Reuters Published: 18:04 EST, 13 January 2017 | Updated: 18:04 EST, 13 January 2017 e-mail Jan 13 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc on Friday announced a management shuffle that integrates the running of its physical outlets and online operations, and extends broader authority to the former head of online retailer Jet.com, which Wal-Mart bought for $3.3 billion last year. It was the second time Wal-Mart has shuffled its e-commerce decks after it acquired Jet.com in August and appointed Marc Lore to run its e-commerce business. In November, Wal-Mart announced a number of management changes and said Jet.com co-founder Nate Faust would lead fulfillment operations for both Jet.com and Wal-Mart.com. Among the changes announced on Friday, Wal-Mart said Jeremy King, who was the chief technology officer of global e-commerce for Wal-Mart Stores, will oversee the technology teams for both its brick and mortar retail stores and its e-commerce business. Michael Bender, chief operating officer for e-commerce, will leave the company. Tony Rogers, the chief marketing officer of Wal-Mart in the United States, will now also oversee online marketing efforts as the company shifts its focus to building its websites and e-commerce offerings. Wal-Mart also appointed GE Power executive Clay Johnson as the new chief information officer. Johnson will replace Karenann Terrell, who will leave in February. "These changes continue to show Lore is putting his stamp on the business," said Brian Yarbrough, senior research analyst with Edward Jones. "It remains to be seen how effective this will be." The departures are a sign that Wal-Mart's struggling online business will get a drastic makeover under Lore, who started out in e-commerce with Diapers.com, which he eventually sold to Amazon.com Inc in 2010 for $550 million. Lore is likely to stay with Wal-Mart for at least five years, according to filings. The changes announced on Friday are also part of a broader push by Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon to narrow the gap with Amazon and to give it an even more dominant position in U.S. e-commerce. The retailer has been investing in e-commerce for the past 15 years, but it still lags far behind its Seattle-based rival. The management changes come at a time when Wal-Mart is cutting thousands of back-office jobs in an effort to focus more on e-commerce, cut costs and have more employees on the sales floor Analysts expect such executive shuffles to continue as Wal-Mart keeps integrating Jet.com into its business. "Wal-Mart clearly isn't done reconfiguring its e-commerce operation and still has work to do," said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. He said a lot of companies are combining oversight of their store and online operations with the goal of having a single retail organization, as Apple Inc did last year. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago and Gayathree Ganesan in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Jeffrey Dastin in New York; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español How to preorder the Nintendo Switch Here's what you need to know about getting your hands on Nintendo's new transforming handheld game console. Gaming by Alina Bradford January 13, 2017 7:50 PM PST @alinabradford Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS It's a tablet, a console and a portable multiplayer tabletop game system all-in-one...and it looks pretty darn awesome. The new Nintendo Switch console follows the NES Classic and Super Mario Run in a line of products that have titillated gamers in recent months. You're probably dying to get your hands on one. Well, hold up. Here's what you need to know about snagging the magically versatile $300 (£280, AU$470) gaming system. Update, 5:41 p.m. PT: GameStop seems to be sold out online, but you may want to check with your local stores. Target shows the gray version available for preorder, but this seems to vary hour to hour.Walmart and Amazon are sold out. You can sign up for availability alerts with Amazon by clicking on the link, though. Best Buy also appears to be sold out, but says on its site that more are coming soon. We'll be updating this piece as the Switch is restocked or when new information is released, so stay tuned! 14 We finally got our hands on Nintendo's funky Switch console Where to get it You won't be able to get your hands on a Switch until March. The official release date is March 3. It will come in gray or a more colorful option with neon-blue and neon-red Joy-Con controllers. As of right now, there are several places where you can preorder the Switch. Nintendo tweeted that a limited quantity of preorders will be available Friday, January 13, at 9 a.m. ET at the Nintendo Store in New York. You can also preorder the Switch at GameStop, Amazon, Target, Walmart and Best Buy. At GameStop stores you can get up to a $75 extra credit with the trade-in of used consoles that can go toward a Switch preorder. If you want to try it out before anyone else, Nintendo is taking the Switch on the road to six North American cities. Here's where and when you can wait in line to get your hands on it: New York: Jan. 13-15 Toronto: Jan. 27-29 Washington, D.C.: Feb. 10-12 Chicago: Feb. 17-19 San Francisco: Feb. 24-26 Los Angeles: March 3-5 Don't show up on the first two days, though. The Friday and Saturday of each stop are invite-only. Each Sunday is free and open to the public and will be your best chance to try the Switch before its release date. What it will cost The Switch unit will officially cost $300, AU$470 or £280. If Nintendo restricts production, as it did with the NES Classic, you may see the Switch's price jacked up hundreds of dollars by third-party sellers when it's finally released. Nintendo says online gaming services will be free for a trial period after the console is released, but will become a subscription service this fall. The unit will come with a Switch console, two Joy-Con joysticks, two Joy-Con wrist straps, a Joy-Con Grip, the Nintendo Switch Dock, a HDMI cable and an AC adapter. (Confused? Here's more information about the new Joy-Con controllers.) The Nintendo Pro controller will be sold separately for $70 (AU$95, £60). Additional Joy-Con controllers will be sold for $80 (AU$105, £65). 23 Nintendo Switch: All the games you'll get at launch (and beyond) Games Nintendo has partnered with a lot of companies, such as Activision, EA, Capcom, Sega and Konami, in the hopes of providing a great selection of games for the Switch. The highly anticipated Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild will be a launch title. Super Mario Odyssey will be released during the holiday season of 2017. There will also be a Mario Kart Deluxe 8. Over 80 third-party games are currently in development, such as Dragon Quest Heroes 1 and 2 and Project Octopath Traveler. Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, FIFA, Xenoblade Chronicles 2 and Fire Emblem Warriors are also coming to the Switch. During the Nintendo Switch presentation, two new games were shown to highlight the HD Rumble feature in the Joy-Con controllers. 1, 2, Switch is a party game, while Arms is a boxing game. 1, 2, Switch releases on the same day as the console and Arms releases in spring 2017. Want more? We can help: Here's everything we know about the Switch. Photo by Nintendo Share your voice 0 comments Tags Gaming Smart Home Nintendo CNET First Take Nintendo Switch It's a handheld, it's a tablet, it connects to your TV. Will the Nintendo Switch be the do-everything game system? Here's what we know after playing with one. See it Related Stories Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CNET asks: Are you buying the Nintendo Switch? The joys and cons of the crazy Nintendo Switch controllers (hands-on) Get demolition-racing game Dirt Showdown for free! Close   Discuss: How to preorder the Nintendo Switch Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS How to make the perfect cup of coffee Not all coffee makers are created equal. Here's why some can cost up to $600 (£490 or AU$800) -- and how to make expensive-tasting coffee on a budget. by Sharon Profis 4:31 Nintendo Switch debuts with tons of info This week's biggest tech stories include a blowout of new information on Nintendo's next console, the tablet-hybrid Switch. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español How to preorder the Nintendo Switch Here's what you need to know about getting your hands on Nintendo's new transforming handheld game console. Gaming by Alina Bradford January 13, 2017 7:50 PM PST @alinabradford Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS It's a tablet, a console and a portable multiplayer tabletop game system all-in-one...and it looks pretty darn awesome. The new Nintendo Switch console follows the NES Classic and Super Mario Run in a line of products that have titillated gamers in recent months. You're probably dying to get your hands on one. Well, hold up. Here's what you need to know about snagging the magically versatile $300 (£280, AU$470) gaming system. Update, 5:41 p.m. PT: GameStop seems to be sold out online, but you may want to check with your local stores. Target shows the gray version available for preorder, but this seems to vary hour to hour.Walmart and Amazon are sold out. You can sign up for availability alerts with Amazon by clicking on the link, though. Best Buy also appears to be sold out, but says on its site that more are coming soon. We'll be updating this piece as the Switch is restocked or when new information is released, so stay tuned! 14 We finally got our hands on Nintendo's funky Switch console Where to get it You won't be able to get your hands on a Switch until March. The official release date is March 3. It will come in gray or a more colorful option with neon-blue and neon-red Joy-Con controllers. As of right now, there are several places where you can preorder the Switch. Nintendo tweeted that a limited quantity of preorders will be available Friday, January 13, at 9 a.m. ET at the Nintendo Store in New York. You can also preorder the Switch at GameStop, Amazon, Target, Walmart and Best Buy. At GameStop stores you can get up to a $75 extra credit with the trade-in of used consoles that can go toward a Switch preorder. If you want to try it out before anyone else, Nintendo is taking the Switch on the road to six North American cities. Here's where and when you can wait in line to get your hands on it: New York: Jan. 13-15 Toronto: Jan. 27-29 Washington, D.C.: Feb. 10-12 Chicago: Feb. 17-19 San Francisco: Feb. 24-26 Los Angeles: March 3-5 Don't show up on the first two days, though. The Friday and Saturday of each stop are invite-only. Each Sunday is free and open to the public and will be your best chance to try the Switch before its release date. What it will cost The Switch unit will officially cost $300, AU$470 or £280. If Nintendo restricts production, as it did with the NES Classic, you may see the Switch's price jacked up hundreds of dollars by third-party sellers when it's finally released. Nintendo says online gaming services will be free for a trial period after the console is released, but will become a subscription service this fall. The unit will come with a Switch console, two Joy-Con joysticks, two Joy-Con wrist straps, a Joy-Con Grip, the Nintendo Switch Dock, a HDMI cable and an AC adapter. (Confused? Here's more information about the new Joy-Con controllers.) The Nintendo Pro controller will be sold separately for $70 (AU$95, £60). Additional Joy-Con controllers will be sold for $80 (AU$105, £65). 23 Nintendo Switch: All the games you'll get at launch (and beyond) Games Nintendo has partnered with a lot of companies, such as Activision, EA, Capcom, Sega and Konami, in the hopes of providing a great selection of games for the Switch. The highly anticipated Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild will be a launch title. Super Mario Odyssey will be released during the holiday season of 2017. There will also be a Mario Kart Deluxe 8. Over 80 third-party games are currently in development, such as Dragon Quest Heroes 1 and 2 and Project Octopath Traveler. Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, FIFA, Xenoblade Chronicles 2 and Fire Emblem Warriors are also coming to the Switch. During the Nintendo Switch presentation, two new games were shown to highlight the HD Rumble feature in the Joy-Con controllers. 1, 2, Switch is a party game, while Arms is a boxing game. 1, 2, Switch releases on the same day as the console and Arms releases in spring 2017. Want more? We can help: Here's everything we know about the Switch. Photo by Nintendo Share your voice 0 comments Tags Gaming Smart Home Nintendo CNET First Take Nintendo Switch It's a handheld, it's a tablet, it connects to your TV. Will the Nintendo Switch be the do-everything game system? Here's what we know after playing with one. See it Related Stories Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CNET asks: Are you buying the Nintendo Switch? The joys and cons of the crazy Nintendo Switch controllers (hands-on) Get demolition-racing game Dirt Showdown for free! Close   Discuss: How to preorder the Nintendo Switch Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS How to make the perfect cup of coffee Not all coffee makers are created equal. Here's why some can cost up to $600 (£490 or AU$800) -- and how to make expensive-tasting coffee on a budget. by Sharon Profis 4:31 Nintendo Switch debuts with tons of info This week's biggest tech stories include a blowout of new information on Nintendo's next console, the tablet-hybrid Switch. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español How to preorder the Nintendo Switch Here's what you need to know about getting your hands on Nintendo's new transforming handheld game console. Gaming by Alina Bradford January 13, 2017 7:50 PM PST @alinabradford Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS It's a tablet, a console and a portable multiplayer tabletop game system all-in-one...and it looks pretty darn awesome. The new Nintendo Switch console follows the NES Classic and Super Mario Run in a line of products that have titillated gamers in recent months. You're probably dying to get your hands on one. Well, hold up. Here's what you need to know about snagging the magically versatile $300 (£280, AU$470) gaming system. Update, 5:41 p.m. PT: GameStop seems to be sold out online, but you may want to check with your local stores. Target shows the gray version available for preorder, but this seems to vary hour to hour.Walmart and Amazon are sold out. You can sign up for availability alerts with Amazon by clicking on the link, though. Best Buy also appears to be sold out, but says on its site that more are coming soon. We'll be updating this piece as the Switch is restocked or when new information is released, so stay tuned! 14 We finally got our hands on Nintendo's funky Switch console Where to get it You won't be able to get your hands on a Switch until March. The official release date is March 3. It will come in gray or a more colorful option with neon-blue and neon-red Joy-Con controllers. As of right now, there are several places where you can preorder the Switch. Nintendo tweeted that a limited quantity of preorders will be available Friday, January 13, at 9 a.m. ET at the Nintendo Store in New York. You can also preorder the Switch at GameStop, Amazon, Target, Walmart and Best Buy. At GameStop stores you can get up to a $75 extra credit with the trade-in of used consoles that can go toward a Switch preorder. If you want to try it out before anyone else, Nintendo is taking the Switch on the road to six North American cities. Here's where and when you can wait in line to get your hands on it: New York: Jan. 13-15 Toronto: Jan. 27-29 Washington, D.C.: Feb. 10-12 Chicago: Feb. 17-19 San Francisco: Feb. 24-26 Los Angeles: March 3-5 Don't show up on the first two days, though. The Friday and Saturday of each stop are invite-only. Each Sunday is free and open to the public and will be your best chance to try the Switch before its release date. What it will cost The Switch unit will officially cost $300, AU$470 or £280. If Nintendo restricts production, as it did with the NES Classic, you may see the Switch's price jacked up hundreds of dollars by third-party sellers when it's finally released. Nintendo says online gaming services will be free for a trial period after the console is released, but will become a subscription service this fall. The unit will come with a Switch console, two Joy-Con joysticks, two Joy-Con wrist straps, a Joy-Con Grip, the Nintendo Switch Dock, a HDMI cable and an AC adapter. (Confused? Here's more information about the new Joy-Con controllers.) The Nintendo Pro controller will be sold separately for $70 (AU$95, £60). Additional Joy-Con controllers will be sold for $80 (AU$105, £65). 23 Nintendo Switch: All the games you'll get at launch (and beyond) Games Nintendo has partnered with a lot of companies, such as Activision, EA, Capcom, Sega and Konami, in the hopes of providing a great selection of games for the Switch. The highly anticipated Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild will be a launch title. Super Mario Odyssey will be released during the holiday season of 2017. There will also be a Mario Kart Deluxe 8. Over 80 third-party games are currently in development, such as Dragon Quest Heroes 1 and 2 and Project Octopath Traveler. Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, FIFA, Xenoblade Chronicles 2 and Fire Emblem Warriors are also coming to the Switch. During the Nintendo Switch presentation, two new games were shown to highlight the HD Rumble feature in the Joy-Con controllers. 1, 2, Switch is a party game, while Arms is a boxing game. 1, 2, Switch releases on the same day as the console and Arms releases in spring 2017. Want more? We can help: Here's everything we know about the Switch. Photo by Nintendo Share your voice 0 comments Tags Gaming Smart Home Nintendo CNET First Take Nintendo Switch It's a handheld, it's a tablet, it connects to your TV. Will the Nintendo Switch be the do-everything game system? Here's what we know after playing with one. See it Related Stories Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CNET asks: Are you buying the Nintendo Switch? The joys and cons of the crazy Nintendo Switch controllers (hands-on) Get demolition-racing game Dirt Showdown for free! Close   Discuss: How to preorder the Nintendo Switch Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS How to make the perfect cup of coffee Not all coffee makers are created equal. Here's why some can cost up to $600 (£490 or AU$800) -- and how to make expensive-tasting coffee on a budget. by Sharon Profis 4:31 Nintendo Switch debuts with tons of info This week's biggest tech stories include a blowout of new information on Nintendo's next console, the tablet-hybrid Switch. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wal-Mart's leadership expands exec roles in online push Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Internet News | Fri Jan 13, 2017 | 6:04pm EST Wal-Mart's leadership expands exec roles in online push A clown sits inside a bus seen in front of a Wal-Mart store in Mexico City January 11, 2013. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido/File Photo Wal-Mart Stores Inc on Friday announced a management shuffle that integrates the running of its physical outlets and online operations, and extends broader authority to the former head of online retailer Jet.com, which Wal-Mart bought for $3.3 billion last year. It was the second time Wal-Mart has shuffled its e-commerce decks after it acquired Jet.com in August and appointed Marc Lore to run its e-commerce business. In November, Wal-Mart announced a number of management changes and said Jet.com co-founder Nate Faust would lead fulfillment operations for both Jet.com and Wal-Mart.com. Among the changes announced on Friday, Wal-Mart said Jeremy King, who was the chief technology officer of global e-commerce for Wal-Mart Stores, will oversee the technology teams for both its brick and mortar retail stores and its e-commerce business. Michael Bender, chief operating officer for e-commerce, will leave the company. Tony Rogers, the chief marketing officer of Wal-Mart in the United States, will now also oversee online marketing efforts as the company shifts its focus to building its websites and e-commerce offerings. Wal-Mart also appointed GE Power executive Clay Johnson as the new chief information officer. Johnson will replace Karenann Terrell, who will leave in February. "These changes continue to show Lore is putting his stamp on the business," said Brian Yarbrough, senior research analyst with Edward Jones. "It remains to be seen how effective this will be." The departures are a sign that Wal-Mart's struggling online business will get a drastic makeover under Lore, who started out in e-commerce with Diapers.com, which he eventually sold to Amazon.com Inc in 2010 for $550 million. Lore is likely to stay with Wal-Mart for at least five years, according to filings. The changes announced on Friday are also part of a broader push by Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon to narrow the gap with Amazon and to give it an even more dominant position in U.S. e-commerce. The retailer has been investing in e-commerce for the past 15 years, but it still lags far behind its Seattle-based rival. The management changes come at a time when Wal-Mart is cutting thousands of back-office jobs in an effort to focus more on e-commerce, cut costs and have more employees on the sales floor Analysts expect such executive shuffles to continue as Wal-Mart keeps integrating Jet.com into its business. "Wal-Mart clearly isn't done reconfiguring its e-commerce operation and still has work to do," said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. He said a lot of companies are combining oversight of their store and online operations with the goal of having a single retail organization, as Apple Inc did last year. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago and Gayathree Ganesan in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Jeffrey Dastin in New York; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) Next In Internet News Russia says facing increased cyber attacks from abroad MOSCOW Russia is facing increased cyber attacks from abroad, a senior security official was quoted on Sunday as saying, responding to Western accusations that Moscow is aggressively targeting information networks in the United States and Europe. Amazon to add more than 100,000 jobs in U.S. hiring spree NEW YORK/WASHINGTON Amazon.com Inc on Thursday said it will create more than 100,000 jobs in the United States, from software development to warehouse work, in its latest move to win over shoppers by investing in faster delivery. Fox sells Super Bowl digital-only ad packages for up to $700,000 LOS ANGELES The Fox broadcast network is selling digital-only advertising packages for next month's Super Bowl for as much as $700,000 for a 30-second spot, though most advertisers are buying both online and TV spots, network officials told Reuters on Thursday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español How to preorder the Nintendo Switch Here's what you need to know about getting your hands on Nintendo's new transforming handheld game console. Gaming by Alina Bradford January 13, 2017 7:50 PM PST @alinabradford Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS It's a tablet, a console and a portable multiplayer tabletop game system all-in-one...and it looks pretty darn awesome. The new Nintendo Switch console follows the NES Classic and Super Mario Run in a line of products that have titillated gamers in recent months. You're probably dying to get your hands on one. Well, hold up. Here's what you need to know about snagging the magically versatile $300 (£280, AU$470) gaming system. Update, 5:41 p.m. PT: GameStop seems to be sold out online, but you may want to check with your local stores. Target shows the gray version available for preorder, but this seems to vary hour to hour.Walmart and Amazon are sold out. You can sign up for availability alerts with Amazon by clicking on the link, though. Best Buy also appears to be sold out, but says on its site that more are coming soon. We'll be updating this piece as the Switch is restocked or when new information is released, so stay tuned! 14 We finally got our hands on Nintendo's funky Switch console Where to get it You won't be able to get your hands on a Switch until March. The official release date is March 3. It will come in gray or a more colorful option with neon-blue and neon-red Joy-Con controllers. As of right now, there are several places where you can preorder the Switch. Nintendo tweeted that a limited quantity of preorders will be available Friday, January 13, at 9 a.m. ET at the Nintendo Store in New York. You can also preorder the Switch at GameStop, Amazon, Target, Walmart and Best Buy. At GameStop stores you can get up to a $75 extra credit with the trade-in of used consoles that can go toward a Switch preorder. If you want to try it out before anyone else, Nintendo is taking the Switch on the road to six North American cities. Here's where and when you can wait in line to get your hands on it: New York: Jan. 13-15 Toronto: Jan. 27-29 Washington, D.C.: Feb. 10-12 Chicago: Feb. 17-19 San Francisco: Feb. 24-26 Los Angeles: March 3-5 Don't show up on the first two days, though. The Friday and Saturday of each stop are invite-only. Each Sunday is free and open to the public and will be your best chance to try the Switch before its release date. What it will cost The Switch unit will officially cost $300, AU$470 or £280. If Nintendo restricts production, as it did with the NES Classic, you may see the Switch's price jacked up hundreds of dollars by third-party sellers when it's finally released. Nintendo says online gaming services will be free for a trial period after the console is released, but will become a subscription service this fall. The unit will come with a Switch console, two Joy-Con joysticks, two Joy-Con wrist straps, a Joy-Con Grip, the Nintendo Switch Dock, a HDMI cable and an AC adapter. (Confused? Here's more information about the new Joy-Con controllers.) The Nintendo Pro controller will be sold separately for $70 (AU$95, £60). Additional Joy-Con controllers will be sold for $80 (AU$105, £65). 23 Nintendo Switch: All the games you'll get at launch (and beyond) Games Nintendo has partnered with a lot of companies, such as Activision, EA, Capcom, Sega and Konami, in the hopes of providing a great selection of games for the Switch. The highly anticipated Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild will be a launch title. Super Mario Odyssey will be released during the holiday season of 2017. There will also be a Mario Kart Deluxe 8. Over 80 third-party games are currently in development, such as Dragon Quest Heroes 1 and 2 and Project Octopath Traveler. Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, FIFA, Xenoblade Chronicles 2 and Fire Emblem Warriors are also coming to the Switch. During the Nintendo Switch presentation, two new games were shown to highlight the HD Rumble feature in the Joy-Con controllers. 1, 2, Switch is a party game, while Arms is a boxing game. 1, 2, Switch releases on the same day as the console and Arms releases in spring 2017. Want more? We can help: Here's everything we know about the Switch. Photo by Nintendo Share your voice 0 comments Tags Gaming Smart Home Nintendo CNET First Take Nintendo Switch It's a handheld, it's a tablet, it connects to your TV. Will the Nintendo Switch be the do-everything game system? Here's what we know after playing with one. See it Related Stories Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CNET asks: Are you buying the Nintendo Switch? The joys and cons of the crazy Nintendo Switch controllers (hands-on) Get demolition-racing game Dirt Showdown for free! Close   Discuss: How to preorder the Nintendo Switch Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS How to make the perfect cup of coffee Not all coffee makers are created equal. Here's why some can cost up to $600 (£490 or AU$800) -- and how to make expensive-tasting coffee on a budget. by Sharon Profis 4:31 Nintendo Switch debuts with tons of info This week's biggest tech stories include a blowout of new information on Nintendo's next console, the tablet-hybrid Switch. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / More than 3,000 Volunteers to Package 500,000+ Meals With Stop Hunger Now on MLK Day More than 3,000 Volunteers to Package 500,000+ Meals With Stop Hunger Now on MLK Day Posted on January 13, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer FedEx, Walmart, and more than 35 corporate, civic and faith groups to package meals across the U.S. to help fight world hunger Raleigh, NC (PRWEB) January 13, 2017 On January 16, more than 3,000 volunteers across the U.S. will package half a million meals in recognition of MLK Day. Corporate, civic and faith-based groups from North Carolina to California have committed to packaging meals to support Stop Hunger Now’s mission of working to end hunger in our lifetime. This is the fourth year that FedEx has worked with Stop Hunger Now to orchestrate the nationwide event and provide employees with an opportunity to honor Dr. King’s legacy through service. Over 600 FedEx employees will be packaging meals simultaneously in these cities: Memphis, Atlanta, Washington, D.C., Newark, N.J., Boston, Los Angeles, Pittsburgh, Indianapolis, Houston, Orlando and San Francisco. In addition, FedEx has provided a $30,000 grant to subsidize shipping costs. The meals packaged by FedEx employees will be shipped to partners in Zambia, Haiti, and Vietnam. “FedEx is proud to again mark Dr. King’s birthday by supporting Stop Hunger Now,” said Rose Flenorl, manager, FedEx Global Citizenship. “Our team members are committed to making an impact in communities where we live and work, and by supporting this cause we can help to perpetuate corporate and societal values that are consistent with Dr. King’s vision of America.” Other corporations and groups packaging meals include: –Walmart Global eCommerce, packaging more than 20,000 meals in the California Bay Area –Turner Broadcasting in Atlanta, packaging more than 40,000 meals. –United Methodist Churches in Virginia, Tennessee, New Jersey and North Carolina are participating in meal packaging events. –Schools and universities involved include Wake Tech Community College in Raleigh, N.C.; Haverford Middle School in Haverton, Pa.; St. Andrew School in Newtown, Pa. and Shenandoah University in Winchester, Va. –In Richmond, Va., the Church Hill Rotary Club plans to package about 2,000 meals. Daniel Meehan, a volunteer with the Church Hill Rotary Club, said, “We are involved in hunger relief locally and were looking for an opportunity to make an impact globally. With a Stop Hunger Now location in Richmond, we were excited that Church Hill Rotary could package the food ourselves that would impact the lives of people around the world.” Around the world, nearly 795 million people lack adequate food. Founded in 1998, Stop Hunger Now has delivered aid and disaster relief supplies in the form of food, medical supplies, clothing, school supplies and more to thousands of disaster victims and other hungry and vulnerable people in 73 countries. Meal packaging events are a volunteer-based program that coordinates the streamlined packaging of highly nutritious dehydrated meals comprised of rice, soy, vegetables and 23 essential vitamins and minerals. Stop Hunger Now meal packaging programs offer volunteers the opportunity to participate in a hands-on international hunger relief program and to become educated, engaged advocates for the world’s poor and hungry. About Stop Hunger Now Stop Hunger Now works to end hunger by providing food and life-changing aid to the world’s most vulnerable people, and by creating a global commitment to mobilize the necessary resources. Based in Raleigh, N.C., Stop Hunger Now operates meal packaging programs in 20 U.S. cities and in South Africa, Malaysia, India, Italy, Peru and the Philippines. To date, Stop Hunger Now and its global partners have packaged more than 300 million meals. For more information visit http://www.stophungernow.org. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/01/prweb13982223.htm Latest News Tyson Ferraro Joins the Control Solutions Team as the Director of Marketing Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Around AOTF × All News Reviews Opinion Videos Guides Rumors Platforms Xbox PlayStation PC/MAC Nintendo Mobile More Contact Us Write at AOTF Ethics Privacy Attack of the Fanboy Can’t Pre-Order Nintendo Switch Online? Do it the Old Fashioned Way at Walmart By Al McCarthy Ever since the Nintendo Switch has been available for pre-order, online retailers have been selling out left and right.  The usual suspects, Amazon, Best Buy, Gamestop and others are closing pre-orders just as fast as they open them, but apparently Walmart will allow you to..... News Can’t Pre-Order Nintendo Switch Online? Do it the Old Fashioned Way at Walmart Share Tweet by Al McCarthy on January 13, 2017 Ever since the Nintendo Switch has been available for pre-order, online retailers have been selling out left and right.  The usual suspects, Amazon, Best Buy, Gamestop and others are closing pre-orders just as fast as they open them, but apparently Walmart will allow you to pre-order the console in person. If you go to a Walmart in person and pre-order the Nintendo Switch you’ll be guaranteed a console on launch day, according to contact we had with the PR for the retailer. They claim that pre-ordering the Nintendo Switch using this method will require that you put 10% of the purchase price down on the console, and that you’ll need to use the Pickup desk in-store. These pre-orders are also available only while supplies last. Sure, it’s not as convenient as sitting at the computer and waiting for a package to arrive at your doorstep, but it will guarantee that you have a console on launch day. We didn’t believe it either, but reconfirming this news with the PR company and then calling into our local Walmart and speaking with a representative at the Pickup desk this does indeed seem to be the case. If you’re having trouble online, head on down to your local Walmart if you want a Nintendo Switch on Launch Day. Calling All Writers: Become a contributor and write about games at AOTF! Say Something More About Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Will Support MicroSDXC Cards Up To 2 TB The Nintendo Switch finally had its grand unveiling during a live presentation in Tokyo, Japan this past Thursday. In that presentation, the actual system information was somewhat limited, but further reports after provided more info. During yesterday’s Nintendo Treehouse Live,... Ultra Street Fighter 2: The Final Challengers Announced for Switch Nintendo Switch Online Voice Chat Will Use Smartphone Nintendo Paid Online Service Will Offer Free NES & SNES Games With a Catch Snipperclips, New Co-Op Game for Switch, Announced Super Mario Odyssey was Made for Hardcore Gamers says Miyamoto Related Popular Nintendo Switch Content Nintendo Switch will have Paid Online Multiplayer Starting Fall 2017 Update: More details can be found here, such as the differences between free and paid subscriptions, which seem to amount to access to basic features for free members. Subscribers will also get free goodies, like NES and SNES VC games with... Rumor: Nintendo Switch Will Offer GameCube Games On Its Virtual Console, Upgrade Program For Older Systems The Nintendo Switch was officially announced back in late October after being known as the NX for awhile, with the full reveal set for January 12. In the meantime, we’ve seen plenty of rumors coming out and the latest definitely... Nintendo Switch Video Actor Reveals More News About The Console/Controllers A new interview has been conducted with one of the actors that featured in the Nintendo Switch commercial/reveal trailer. He says some interesting things about his experience. The interview was conducted by GameXplain and they spoke to  Nicky. He’s one... Nintendo Switch Will Support MicroSDXC Cards Up To 2 TB The Nintendo Switch finally had its grand unveiling during a live presentation in Tokyo, Japan this past Thursday. In that presentation, the actual system information was somewhat limited, but further reports after provided more info. During yesterday’s Nintendo Treehouse Live,... Super Mario Odyssey was Made for Hardcore Gamers says Miyamoto One of the bigger surprises from last night’s Nintendo Switch reveal event was the unveiling of Super Mario Odyssey. Sure, we all kind of knew that a 3D Mario game was coming to Nintendo’s latest console, but seeing this was... Gamestop: Interest In Nintendo Switch Is As Much As Xbox One The Switch could be the device that might make Nintendo popular again in the home console market. Gamestop says its customers are aware of and interested in it. Gamespot reported on Gamestop’s comments during its latest financial earnings. The biggest... The First Nintendo Switch Pre-Orders In The US Have Already Sold Out The Nintendo Switch was officially revealed to be coming on March 3 during the much awaited presentation earlier tonight. During that showcase, it was stated that pre-orders for the Switch were going to be starting in Japan on January 21,... NPD December 2016: Sony Dominates Holidays but Microsoft Points Out Bright Spots NPD Data for December has been released, and as expected, Sony’s PlayStation 4 was the best-selling console in the United States.  After revealing sales figures earlier this month, it was expected that Sony would be top-selling console.  However, not all... Nintendo Switch is Not a 3DS Replacement According to Nintendo President With the announcement of the Nintendo Switch and its ability to alternate between home console and handheld forms, many in the gaming world assumed that this new system was a replacement for both of Nintendo’s key hardware pillars. The Wii... Nintendo Switch Online Voice Chat Will Use Smartphone Not everything that Nintendo revealed about the Switch has been a hit with fans.  There have been a couple of questionable moves the company is making in terms of a new paid online service.  While the early rumblings of a... © 2013 Modern Media Group LLC All rights reserved. | Attack of the Fanboy | Video Game News & Reviews facebook.com/attackofthefanboy twitter.com/FanboyAttack youtube.com/FanboyAttack RSS
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments New Year brings more arrests at Secaucus Walmart, police say secaucus-walmart.JPG Two people were arrested at the Secaucus Walmart on shoplifting and drug charges last week. (Reena Rose Sibayan | The Jersey Journal) Print Email Corey McDonald | The Jersey Journal By Corey McDonald | The Jersey Journal The Jersey Journal on January 13, 2017 at 11:56 AM, updated January 13, 2017 at 12:04 PM comments SECAUCUS - With the New Year comes more shoplifting arrests at the Walmart superstore. Two people were arrested and charged with shoplifting and drug charges within a two-day span last week, according to police Capt. Dennis Miller. On Jan. 2 at 7:45 p.m., Zachary Gogolen, a resident of Montclair, was arrested and charged after he ran out of the store with $213 worth of miscellaneous items, Miller said. The 36-year-old ran through the Park Plaza Drive parking lot and across the street to the Buffalo Wild Wings, where he was stopped by officers who had received a call from Walmart's loss prevention staff, Miller said.  After conducting a search, police found phone accessories, speakers, and 5-Hour Energy drinks that were stolen from the store. They also found two bags of marijuana, a glass pipe, and a hypodermic needle, according to Miller. Gogolen was charged with shoplifting, possession of marijuana, and possession of drug paraphernalia. At 8 p.m. the next day, Secaucus police received a call that 27-year-old Ghasan Abdallah was stopped by loss prevention after attempting to walk out of the store with $673.15 worth of merchandise, according to Miller. "(Abdallah) was seen by loss prevention selecting electronic equipment and clothing in the store, placing it in his shopping cart, and then proceeding to walk past all points of sale and out of the store," Miller said. The Paterson resident was arrested and police discovered he had seven different warrants out for his arrest, totaling $6,250, out of various towns across New Jersey including Clifton, Oakland, Teterboro, and Paramus, Miller said. He was also found to have Oxycodone and Suboxone, a drug used to treat those who are dependent on opiods. He was charged with shoplifting and three counts of drug possession. Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Trending: JOHN LEWIS JOE BIDEN RUSSIA STEVEN MCDONALD JEFF SESSIONS Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Pics TV Movies Music Theater & Arts Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: JOHN LEWIS JOE BIDEN RUSSIA STEVEN MCDONALD JEFF SESSIONS New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email Orlando fugitive wanted for killing police officer was wearing bulletproof vest Fla. fugitive accused in cop shooting was in bulletproof vest BY Meg Wagner NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Friday, January 13, 2017, 10:47 AM facebook Tweet email BY Meg Wagner NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Friday, January 13, 2017, 10:47 AM The Orlando fugitive accused of killing a cop in front of a Walmart was wearing a bulletproof vest when he opened fire on the officer — and kept shooting as she lie defenseless and dying on the ground, police said. Police have been hunting for Markeith Loyd, 41, since the Monday morning attack on Master Sgt. Debra Clayton. Officials said Thursday that they found Loyd’s pants and shirt, which showed evidence that the 17-year force veteran returned fire, hitting the suspect in the chest — but he was protected by the body armor. The on-the-run suspect is considered armed and dangerous, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. “He's already shown that he's willing to gun down a police officer and continue to shoot that police officer even after (she was) defenseless, so that information is vital when officers go arrest him because they want to go home to their families," he said late Thursday night, according to the Orlando Sentinel. Girlfriend of accused cop shooter joked about him killing police Loyd is also wanted for murder in the December shooting death of his pregnant girlfriend. Clayton was on duty and in uniform Monday when she recognized Loyd as a suspect in that case and approached him in front of a Walmart, police said. Police are hunting for Markeith Loyd. (HANDOUT/AFP/Getty Images) When she told the fleeing suspect to stop, he opened fire, police said. Amid the manhunt, police arrested three people accused of helping Loyd hide in the weeks following his girlfriend’s death. Loyd's niece, Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend, Jameis Slaughter, were charged Wednesday with accessory after the fact to murder for keeping in contact with Loyd and delivering money to him. Zarghee Mayan, a former coworker of Loyd's at a fried-chicken restaurant, was arrested on the same charge Tuesday after prosecutors alleged he gave the fugitive food and cash. Reward in Debra Clayton Orlando cop killing raised to $100,000 None of the three have cooperated with police, Mina said. Orlando Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was shot and killed Monday. (@OrlandoPolice via Twitter) "If there is anyone who is harboring, aiding, abetting him in any way, they will be arrested as we've seen with the past three arrests," he said. Police have searched nearly 100 locations since the Monday shooting, and have received over 800 tips. The Monday manhunt was the highest profile, with officers going door to door through an apartment complex. Two officers were involved in motorcycle accidents during the hunt, including Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, who died when he was thrown from his. Orlando police officer shot dead near Walmart, manhunt for gunman The tip service Crimeline is offering a $100,000 reward for information leading to Loyd's arrest. With News Wire Services Tags: orlando florida fugitives gun violence police officers shot Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1829 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Unearth $150 Camera From 2006, Ancient Overpriced Hard Drive Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Unearth $150 Camera From 2006, Ancient Overpriced Hard Drive January 13, 2017 10:37 am EST By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup raiders of the lost walmart cameras pentax seagate external hard drives The Raiders of the Lost Walmart are the brave band of retail archaeologists who comb through the electronics sections of big-box stores to find gadgets that are obsolete or just plain old, and also comically overpriced. In this week’s field reports: an external hard drive and a digital camera that are over a decade old, yet priced as if they’re new. Both items came from Walmart. First up, a Seagate external drive with an 80 GB capacity, for a low, low price of $68. You could buy this bulky relic, or you could spend $10 less and get a one-terabyte hard drive from Seagate that weighs five ounces. Up to you. Reader Colter found this hot digital camera on the shelf at his local Walmart. “Initial search brought up its unveiling… At CES 2006,” Colter writes. Indeed, the product debuted at the electronics trade show at the beginning of 2006, and you can buy a working camera from eBay for as little as $5. At least Walmart has this camera protected against theft. January 13, 2017 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup raiders of the lost walmart cameras pentax seagate external hard drives Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related raiders of the lost walmart Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Uncover 11-Year-Old External Hard Drive raiders of the lost walmart Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Find Rich Vein Of Overpriced Electronics From 2008 ELECTRONICS This 9-Year-Old MP3 Player Is Ready For The Latest Tunes, Costs $300 raiders of the lost walmart This Walmart Is Apparently Stuck In 2011 the late mavica era Raiders of the Lost Walmart Will Accessorize Your Ancient Digital Camera Previous It’s Creepy, But Not Illegal, For This Website To Provide All Your Public Info To Anyone Next Apple Must Face Lawsuit Claiming It Ran App Store Monopoly Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Apple Must Face Lawsuit Claiming It Ran App Store Monopoly Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management Featured Stories Insurers Oppose Illinois Comp Proposal Louisiana Flood Policies Up News Markets Jobs Front Page National International Most Popular Magazine Forums Blogs Videos/Podcasts Newsletters News Most Popular National International East Midwest South Central Southeast West Topics P&C Companies Agents & Brokers Government Markets/Coverages Operations Claims More Topics Magazines East Midwest South Central Southeast West Subscribe Research Directories Jobs Sales Marketing Management Finance Claims Underwriting Other Features Events Forums Buyers Guide Insurance Twitter Market Directories Ad Showcase Quotes Polls Subscribe Wal-Mart Owes New Hampshire Pharmacist $16.08M for Gender Bias By Jonathan Stempel | January 13, 2017 Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Article Comments Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has been ordered by a federal judge to pay $16.08 million to a former New Hampshire pharmacist in a gender bias case, but the amount is only about half what a jury awarded and may fall substantially further. U.S. District Judge Steven McAuliffe also asked the New Hampshire Supreme Court to advise whether the plaintiff Maureen McPadden was entitled under state law to any of the $15 million of “enhanced” damages that comprised most of the award. Though “reasonable minds can differ,” Wal-Mart “asserts – not implausibly” that such damages are not available, the Concord, N.H., judge wrote on Jan. 6. Wal-Mart considers the damages award “improper,” spokesman Randy Hargrove said in an email. “We look forward to the New Hampshire Supreme Court’s determination.” The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer has said it does not tolerate discrimination. McPadden accused the world’s largest retailer of using her loss of a pharmacy key as a pretext for her November 2012 dismissal from a store in Seabrook, N.H., after more than 13 years at the retailer. She said Wal-Mart actually fired her in retaliation for her raising concerns about whether prescriptions were being filled properly. McPadden also said her gender played a role, saying a male pharmacist who later lost his key was not fired. Jurors originally awarded McPadden $31.22 million, a sum that McAuliffe said was “to say the least, startling.” As required by federal law, the judge later reduced the punitive damages component, to $300,000 from $15 million, and in a Jan. 5 order said McPadden deserved just $111,591 of front pay, one-fifth what the jury had awarded. Wal-Mart had sought to overturn the entire verdict, but McAuliffe rejected that request in September. Rick Fradette, a lawyer for McPadden, said that if enhanced damages were ever warranted, “it is where the world’s largest private employer continues to discriminate against women in the 21st century. “Wal-Mart’s posture has been that it will fight this to the end,” he said. “We’ll see what the New Hampshire Supreme Court has to say.” The case is McPadden v. Wal-Mart Stores East LP, U.S. District Court, District of New Hampshire, No. 14-00475. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Richard Chang) Copyright 2017 Reuters. Click for restrictions. Get Insurance Journal Every Day Subscribe Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Categories: East News Topics: gender bias case, gender bias lawsuit, New Hampshire pharmacist, New Hampshire pharmacist lawsuit, New Hampshire Supreme Court, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Wal-Mart Stores Inc. lawsuit Have a hot lead? Email us at newsdesk@insurancejournal.com Advertisers See Comments (0)Add a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Comment Notify me of comments via e-mail More News U.S. and EU Reach Agreement on Insurance Regulation U.S. Charges Chrysler with Diesel Emissions Cheating 6 Key Trends in Workplace Litigation for 2017 Takata Nears $1 Billion Settlement with U.S. Over Faulty Air Bags More Drug Companies Vow to Limit Price Increases Supporters of Overtime Hike Turn to States as Obama Rule Unlikely to Survive Robo-Insurance Agents? Bring ‘Em On, Phygitally, Say Consumers GOP-Led Senate Takes First Step Toward Ending Obamacare, 51-48More News Features Most Popular Now This Week Commented U.S. and EU Reach Agreement on Insurance Regulation Marsh & McLennan Acquires Southeast Brokerage J. Smith Lanier & Co. New Climate Index Shows Extreme Weather Is Now 3 Times More Frequent California Woman Slaps Chipotle With $2.2B Suit over Privacy Violation Arkansas Man Gets Five Years in Prison for $1.6M Insurance Fraud U.S. and EU Reach Agreement on Insurance Regulation Is Soft Market Bottoming? A.M. Best Points to Some Promising Signs Marsh & McLennan Acquires Southeast Brokerage J. Smith Lanier & Co. Robo-Insurance Agents? Bring 'Em On, Phygitally, Say Consumers Senate to Begin Repealing Obamacare This Week: McConnell GOP-Led Senate Takes First Step Toward Ending Obamacare, 51-48 | Comments (100) House Republicans Pass Sweeping Regulatory Reform Bill | Comments (45) Exiting U.S. Trade Rep Urges Trump to Uphold Trans-Pacific Trade Deal | Comments (22) California Woman Slaps Chipotle With $2.2B Suit over Privacy Violation | Comments (14) Robo-Insurance Agents? Bring 'Em On, Phygitally, Say Consumers | Comments (13) More Top Stories Industry Impact From the best insurance regulatory system to worst, ranked here West Regulation Report Card: California Most Politicized State Southeast Regulation Report Card: North Carolina Flunks; Florida, South Carolina Dispute Grades East Regulation Report Card: Vermont Ranks Best for 3rd Straight Year South Central Regulation Report Card: Texas' Grade Rises, Arkansas' Drops Midwest Regulation Report Card: States' Grades Range from A to D Research and White Papers Free Newsletters Sign up to receive insurance news alerts! Daily Headlines Most Popular This Week MyNewMarkets.com Daily Insurance Jobs Newsletter (weekly) Carrier Management (new) Have a news tip? Tell us. Current Issue Read Online Download PDF Subscribe Available on the iPad Featured Videos Cyber Risk Calls for New Way of ThinkingListen Now Top 10 National Insurance Stories of 2016: CountdownWatch Now Editors and Contributors Stephanie K. Jones Property Claims and Litigation Likely on Texas 2017 Legislative Docket Don Jergler Supporting the Troops: Industry Gives Back to Those Who Served Elizabeth Blosfield Insurance Industry Sees Challenges with New York City Crawler Crane Requirements L.S. Howard Cyber Market Hampered by Insurability Challenges: Report Quote of Note Riot and civil commotion is a named peril on almost every property policy.   More Quotes Partner Center Reader Poll Does your firm plan on hiring additional employees in 2017? Insurance Jobs Assistant Underwriter/ Broker - Hallandale Beach, Florida Golden Bear Multi-Lines Claims Consultant Wanted - Stockton, CA Sr. Claims Representative (G/L w/some Commercial Auto) - Rocklin, California Claims Manager - Waterloo, Iowa Insurance Commercial Lines Account Manager - SW Austin, TX Cyber Market Faces Insurability Challenges Berkley Announces High Net Worth Brand 'Berkley One' How Challenges Create Opportunity in Program Business Study Finds Inpatient vs. Home, Outpatient Care Drives Post-Surgery Spending People News: Starr Companies, Arch Insurance Group, Seibels NTSB Issues Urgent Safety Warning for Piper Small Plane Model Business News: Confie, Ringler Associates, V3 Insurance Partners, TriageLogic JAN 26: ISO Homeowners Endorsements - 2011 to Now JAN 19: Insuring Renewable Energy ON-DEMAND: Data Breach Exposures and Solutions for Main Street Business Insurance News News by Region News by Topic Yesterday Site Search Features Insurance Markets Directory Forums A.M. Best Company Ratings Industry Events Agencies Wanted / For Sale Buyers Guide Newswire Ad Showcase Insurance Jobs Connect with us Email Newsletters Magazine Subscriptions For Your Website RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Insurance Journal Submit News Advertise Subscribe Reprints Link to Us Contact Us Wells Media Group Network Insurance Journal Online MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management © 2017 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map
Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Freebie Friday the 13th: Free pastrami at TooJay's Deli and BOGO Starbucks coffee Free pastrami sandwich and dessert at TooJay's Deli Join the TooJay's Delicious Rewards and get free eats.   Join the TooJay's Delicious Rewards and get free eats.   Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Freebie Friday the 13th: Celebrate National Pastrami Day with free eats at TooJay's Deli. Privacy Policy Happy Freebie Friday the 13th. There is something very superstitious about the freebies and deals on this week's list! First, get a free pastrami item at TooJay's Deli to celebrate National Pastrami Day on Saturday. Next, save $5 at The Home Depot and get free entry at Everglades National Park and Shark Valley on Monday to celebrate Martin Luther King Day. Have a great long weekend and keep on saving! Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus and sign up for my Freebie Friday newsletter. FREEBIES Free pastrami item and dessert at TooJay's Deli for National Pastrami Day; expires Feb. 19 Free entry at Everglades National Park, Shark Valley for Martin Luther King Day on Monday Free fares and upgrades during Miami Cruise Month Buy-one-get-one free offer at Blaze Pizza Doreen Christensen Happy New Year! Let's kick 2017 off with a free pie from Blaze Fast-Fire'd Pizza. Take the chain's 2017 pledge to "keep it real" and get a coupon code good for a free pizza when you buy one. The offer is redeemable through the Blaze mobile app, which is free to download. The chain uses no chemicals... Happy New Year! Let's kick 2017 off with a free pie from Blaze Fast-Fire'd Pizza. Take the chain's 2017 pledge to "keep it real" and get a coupon code good for a free pizza when you buy one. The offer is redeemable through the Blaze mobile app, which is free to download. The chain uses no chemicals... (Doreen Christensen) Free T-shirts, giveaways at Orchard Supply Hardware grand opening Free 1-pound Christmas Blend coffee and $10 gift card with purchase at Starbucks.com with code CHEERS and EGIFT10 Free pizza with purchase at Blaze Fast-Fire'd Pizza Free annual Legoland pass for Florida teachers Free $15 Uber ride from Wendy's Free tickets for military and families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Free lipstick from Mac Cosmetics Free eats and dining discounts from AARP Free three-month trial of Google Express with free store delivery Free pet tag or 16-by-20 photo from Shutterfly.com with code AFFYOURGIFT (shipping extra) Ten free entry days at U.S. National Parks in 2017 Doreen Christensen The National Park Service will offer free admission to U.S. National Parks on 10 days in 2017, according to a news release. Visitors can explore the stunning beauty of Ameirca's public lands at more than 300 U.S. parks and monuments while celebrating the birthday of Martin Luther King Jr. on Jan.... The National Park Service will offer free admission to U.S. National Parks on 10 days in 2017, according to a news release. Visitors can explore the stunning beauty of Ameirca's public lands at more than 300 U.S. parks and monuments while celebrating the birthday of Martin Luther King Jr. on Jan.... (Doreen Christensen) Free 2017 calendar form DeLallo Foods Free  Gillette razor Free 8-week trial of the Sun Sentinel with no credit card required; expires Monday Free three-piece Aveda hair kit; expires Jan. 31 Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com Free tickets to performances from GoldStar.com Free year of DirecTV Now for AT&T customers from T-Mobile Free kids meal at Chick-fil-A with Kids Club signup Free coffee from Speedway with recipe submission Free $150 Apple TV or $40 Amazon Fire Stick from DirecTV Now Free 30-day trial of HBO, Cinemax from Amazon Prime Free movies tickets, freebies from AT&T and T-Mobile on Tuesdays Free hamburgers, movie discounts at Johnny Rockets Free baby sample box and $20 gift card from Sam's Club Free movies, TV shows through Vudu on Us streaming service Free Blizzard at Dairy Queen Free $50 Roku Streaming Stick from SlingTV Free statement credits with AMEX Offers with purchase Free 1,200 photo prints per year using free Snapfish mobile app Free queso and burrito at Moe's Southwestern Grill Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free game tokens from Chuck E. Cheese's e-Club Free dozen doughnuts with purchase at Krispy Kreme on Tuesdays Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free membership on Angie's List Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Walmart Vision Centers Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free 6-inch sub with purchase at Subway, with signup Free Walmart Beauty Box Coupon: $5 off at The Home Depot Doreen Christensen Get a $5-off coupon when you sign up for mobile alerts from The Home Depot.  The offer comes in handy for upcoming home improvement projects. While you’re at it, sign up for Garden Club and Orange Insider newsletters, too, to get an additional savings in your inbox. Subscribers get coupons for... Get a $5-off coupon when you sign up for mobile alerts from The Home Depot.  The offer comes in handy for upcoming home improvement projects. While you’re at it, sign up for Garden Club and Orange Insider newsletters, too, to get an additional savings in your inbox. Subscribers get coupons for... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS $10 off personal shopping/grocery pickup service at Walmart 15 percent off at JC Penney; expires Monday $10 off at Beall's Florida; expires Friday the 13th 50 percent off one item at Michaels on Friday the 13th 15 percent or 20 percent off at Kohl's; expires Free shipping with $25 purchase at Macy's; expires Monday $20 off at Festival Marketplace; expires Jan. 31 $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond Costco Wholesale coupons for January Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Whole Foods Market app digital coupons Doreen's Deals: What to buy in January Doreen Christensen You've had a week to rest after the holidays. Now it's time to get back out there and shop, shop, shop. January is a great month to score big savings on everything from jewelry to big-screen TVs as stores clear out winter merchandise and hold annual clearance sales. Here's a list of this month's... You've had a week to rest after the holidays. Now it's time to get back out there and shop, shop, shop. January is a great month to score big savings on everything from jewelry to big-screen TVs as stores clear out winter merchandise and hold annual clearance sales. Here's a list of this month's... (Doreen Christensen) CONSUMER NEWS Doreen's Deals: Post-holiday edition on WLRN's Topical CurrentsFestival Marketplace looking for best home cooks for Festival Foodie Fued What to buy in January Best buys, geek guide to HDTVs for Super Bowl How to save $1,400 a year with the 52-Week Money Challenge How to easily save more energy in 2017 Macy's closing 68 stores Sip craft brews, wine while shopping for organics at Lucky's Market How to protect yourself from identity theft while shopping online Goodbye Comcast, we're done How to cut the cable or satellite cord and tune in to free HDTV Here's a good replacement for cable at half the price Save on cosmetics with drug store swaps, beauty hacks Save big bucks on groceries at Aldi Costco Anywhere Visa offers more cash back Expert rates Trader Joe's, Whole Foods cheap wines Free pastrami sandwich and dessert at TooJay's Deli Doreen Christensen Get a free pastrami sandwich and other yummies at TooJay's Deli. Download and join the chain's free Delicious Rewards loyalty app to get a welcome offer for a free small plate or dessert. As a special bonus to celebrate National Pastrami Day on Jan. 14, the chain is offering a free pastrami item... Get a free pastrami sandwich and other yummies at TooJay's Deli. Download and join the chain's free Delicious Rewards loyalty app to get a welcome offer for a free small plate or dessert. As a special bonus to celebrate National Pastrami Day on Jan. 14, the chain is offering a free pastrami item... (Doreen Christensen) DINING DEALS & COUPONS 7-Eleven: Free coffees, Slurpees; expires Feb. 25 Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich Dairy Queen: Free Blizzard frozen treat Dunkin' Donuts: Free beverage with DD Perks rewards signup Denny's: 15 percent off with AARP card Einstein Bros: $1 off any item for Friday the 13th HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich IHOP: Three free meals with reward club signup Johnny Rockets: Free hamburgers and movie discounts Krispy Kreme: BOGO doughnuts on Tuesdays McDonald's: Free french fries on Friday with mobile coupon Outback Steakhouse: 10 percent off with AARP card Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup Sonic Drive-In: Free Slush, $1 Chili Cheese Coneys Miami Cruise Month: Free fares and upgrades on 2017 sailings Doreen Christensen Get freebies and discounts on fares and upgrades from seven cruise lines during Miami Cruise Month. Book in January to get some terrific offers sponsored by the Greater Miami Convention & Visitors Bureau, including buy-one-get-one free fares, free drinks, shipboard credits and more for sailings... Get freebies and discounts on fares and upgrades from seven cruise lines during Miami Cruise Month. Book in January to get some terrific offers sponsored by the Greater Miami Convention & Visitors Bureau, including buy-one-get-one free fares, free drinks, shipboard credits and more for sailings... (Doreen Christensen) FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO Free entry at Everglades National Park and Shark Valley on Monday Free cooking classes at Williams Sonoma stores Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal movie tickets with AARP card $5 popcorn and soda for teens at AMC Theatres; expires Sunday Free and discounted tickets to performances from Goldstar.com Free entry for fourth-graders, families at U.S. National Parks Free guitar classes at Guitar Centers on Saturdays Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturday and Sunday Free Build and Grow Kids Clinic at Lowe's on Saturdays Free escape room game for your birthday Free classes and events at American Girl stores Free Legoland annual pass for Florida teachers Doreen Christensen Florida teachers can get a free one-year pass to Legoland Florida. Teachers for grades K-12 are eligible for the free Standard Annual Pass to the 150-acre Winter Haven theme Park with rides, restaurants and a water park. The pass also includes free entry to The Orlando Eye, Madame Tussauds and... Florida teachers can get a free one-year pass to Legoland Florida. Teachers for grades K-12 are eligible for the free Standard Annual Pass to the 150-acre Winter Haven theme Park with rides, restaurants and a water park. The pass also includes free entry to The Orlando Eye, Madame Tussauds and... (Doreen Christensen) TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Free entry at Canadian parks in 2017 fares and upgrades during Miami Cruise Month Free annual Legoland pass for Florida teachers Hotel, travel discounts from Convention & Visitor Bureaus in 100 cities Deals and savings during Miami Cruise Month; expires Jan. 31 Theme park ticket deals, hotel savings from VisitOrlando.com Special offers, deals and discounts at Walt Disney World Free admissions, discounts at Universal, Busch Gardens, Disney Ticket savings, hotel deals for military at Disney World Free tickets for military and families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel It's Freebie Friday the 13th! All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 73°
Beckley Walmart to start closing overnight - WVVA TV Bluefield Beckley WV News, Weather and Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Hometown Business Connections Advertiser Services NEWS All Points Bulletin Coal Industry News Get the WVVA News App Political News: Federal, state, and local coverage Lifestyle TODAY WEATHER Snow Patrol WVVA Weather - Interactive Radar Precision Doppler Weather Blogs WVVA weather - Skycam Network Get the Precision Weather App SPORTS AP College Basketball AP College Football NASCAR NFL on NBC VIDEO SLIDESHOWS THINGS TO DO Medical Minute Pet Lost & Found Smile! It's Your Birthday WHAT'S ON Watch NBC The Two Virginias' CW MeTV Two Virginias' Dub Request Form Beckley Walmart to start closing overnight Posted: Friday, January 13, 2017 7:57 AM EST By Annie Moore, WVVA Multimedia Journalist - Beckley newsroom BioEmail Connect Biography amoore@wvva.com BECKLEY, W.Va. (WVVA) The Beckley Walmart on Eisenhower Drive will start closing overnight beginning on Saturday, January 28, 2017.  At that time, the store will no longer be open from midnight to 6 a.m. each week. A representative with the MacArthur Walmart said their store will continue to serve customers 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  At this point, it is unclear how many workers will be laid off as a result of the reduced hours. The company rolled out a new system for scheduling workers at 650 stores across the U.S. last July. The goal was to improve staffing and levels during peak shopping times.  The decision comes after Walmart was ousted last year as West Virginia's biggest employer by West Virginia United Health System.    NEWSMore>> Mercer County Superintendent encourages students to consider secondary education careers Mercer County Superintendent encourages students to consider secondary education careers Molding the minds of the future it's can be a daunting task. Students at concord say teaching is one of the most rewarding careers.  More >> Molding the minds of the future it's can be a daunting task. Students at concord say teaching is one of the most rewarding careers. More >> Princeton Fire Department looking for volunteers Princeton Fire Department looking for volunteers The folks who run into the flames when others are running away are looking for volunteers.  More >> The folks who run into the flames when others are running away are looking for volunteers. More >> Raleigh County man arrested for church, animal clinic break-in Raleigh County man arrested for church, animal clinic break-in CRAB ORCHARD (WVVA) A Raleigh County man is placed under arrest for two crimes after a missing guitar is found at the scene of a second break-in on Friday.   More >> CRAB ORCHARD (WVVA) A Raleigh County man is placed under arrest for two crimes after a missing guitar is found at the scene of a second break-in on Friday.  More >> Bluefield dancers remember & honor local dance instructor Bluefield dancers remember & honor local dance instructor The dance community in Bluefield is remembering and honoring one of their own. Randy Lamb, owner of the Bluefield dance Theatre passed away this week at the age of 66. More >> The dance community in Bluefield is remembering and honoring one of their own. Randy Lamb, owner of the Bluefield dance Theatre passed away this week at the age of 66. More >> Local cafe serves up coffee & jazz Local cafe serves up coffee & jazz  The arts came alive this weekend in Mercer County at Sister's Coffee house. More >>  The arts came alive this weekend in Mercer County at Sister's Coffee house. More >> Annual "Tracking and Woods Lore" workshop held at Twin Falls Resort State Park Annual "Tracking and Woods Lore" workshop held at Twin Falls Resort State Park If you have an inclination for the outdoors, the Twin Falls Resort State Park in Wyoming Co. is the place to be this weekend. More >> If you have an inclination for the outdoors, the Twin Falls Resort State Park in Wyoming Co. is the place to be this weekend.More >> Greenbrier County humane society partners with business for adoption event Greenbrier County humane society partners with business for adoption event The Greenbrier County Humane Society is teaming up with Greenbrier Chevrolet for a special event, "A New Leash on Life."More >> The Greenbrier County Humane Society is teaming up with Greenbrier Chevrolet for a special event, "A New Leash on Life."More >> The Greenbrier setting up for Inaugural Ball The Greenbrier setting up for Inaugural Ball The inauguration may take place in Charleston, but the fun begins at The Greenbrier on Monday night.  More >> The inauguration may take place in Charleston, but the fun begins at The Greenbrier on Monday night. More >> Can't Find Something? WVVA 3052 Big Laurel Hwy, Bluefield, WV 24701 Switchboard: 800-227-9882 News tips: news@wvva.com or 304-327-7071 Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WVVA. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1829 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Lowe's preps for layoffs as it shifts to new staffing model CNBC Katie Little 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL France investigating Renault for possible emissions fraud J.C. Penney CEO says the company will close some stores Click to expand Replay Video Trump's choice for AG has some worried about impact on legal pot The comments by Jeff Sessions in Washington sent shockwaves through states like Colorado where marijuana is legal. CBS Denver Trump wants you to buy L.L. Bean The President-elect tweeted his support of the company after an anti-Trump group called for a boycott. CNN Money China fears protectionist Trump may thwart its exports China's customs agency said on Friday U.S. President Donald Trump may limit the growth of China's exports by imposing greater trade protectionist measures. According to Reuters, customs spokesman Huang Songping said China is the biggest loser in the anti-globalization trend. He added it will be difficult for China's foreign trade to improve in 2017 due to rising costs and other factors. China is the world's largest trading nation. It could be heavily exposed to protectionist measures this year if Trump follows through on campaign pledges to brand it a currency manipulator and impose heavy tariffs on imports of Chinese goods. Wochit Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Lowe's to lay off 'less than 1%' of workforce -Source CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's choice for AG has some worried about impact on legal pot CBS Denver 2:04 Trump wants you to buy L.L. Bean CNN Money 1:01 China fears protectionist Trump may thwart its exports Wochit Business 0:58 Ferrero says Nutella is safe to consume, despite concerns Wochit News 0:47 Nintendo anounces 'Switch' release date Reuters 1:14 How to eat on just $3 a day CNBC 2:40 ExxonMobil exploits poor nation's corruption for oil in Africa MSNBC 4:08 Is 2017 going to be the year for tech IPOs? Bloomberg 3:48 Apple is going Hollywood with new content plan The Wall Street Journal. 1:59 Wet winter brings parts of California out of 5-year drought Newsy 0:55 New Istanbul airport will be world's busiest CNBC 0:31 Is this the anti-smartphone? Fox Business 1:27 AT&T, Verizon are massively boosting cell coverage on the Mall for Inauguration Day The Washington Post 1:35 Amazon will add 100,00 American jobs Wochit Business 0:39 As the iPhone turns 10, what's next for smartphones? The Wall Street Journal. 2:10 Legal experts: Trump's business plan falls short CNN Money 3:21 UP NEXT Home improvement giant Lowe's (LOW) is changing its store staffing model and will be laying off "less than 1 percent" of its employees in the near future, a person familiar with the matter said on Thursday.  The source did not share the exact number of layoffs. Lowe's workforce totals more than 285,000. As part of the reshuffling, Lowe's is shifting the roles and responsibilities for some of its staff and eliminating some jobs, this person said. Some of the affected workers will be shifted to new roles at the company, and others will be promoted. However, a portion will be laid off as the company consolidates some positions, the person explained. The new staffing model will be implemented nationwide and is aimed at freeing up resources to boost face time with customers as Lowe's adapts to evolving customer needs. In a statement, Lowe's said, "While we have no announcements to share, we continually evaluate our staffing model to ensure we have the resources in place to serve customers' evolving expectations and their home improvement needs." The layoffs are just the latest to hit the retail landscape. Earlier this week, Wal-Mart (WMT) said it would be slashing hundreds of jobs with many of the cuts impacting its human resources department. In September, Wal-mart said it would cut 7,000 back-office jobs. Meanwhile last week, The Limited announced it would be closing all of its stores. In recent calls with investors, Lowe's has stressed its attempts to improve productivity — a goal that the new model is aimed at meeting. As part of its efforts to improve customers' experience, Lowe's is doubling down on its strategy to cater to shoppers both in store and online. In December, Lowe's detailed its plans for about $3.6 billion in capital expenditures from 2017 to 2019. About 45 percent of this spending will go toward this strategy, including new stores and technology investments. Lowe's also plans to add 15 to 20 stores per year across North America for the next three years. In the U.S., these new stores will result in 4,000 to 5,000 new jobs over the course of this period. Home improvement retail has been a bright spot for the struggling retail landscape as rising home prices and an improving consumer backdrop have prompted customers to spend more on home improvement projects. Overall retail though has struggled amid fierce competition from online retailers and cost-cutting measures as companies double down on other initiatives, such as e-commerce. Same-store sales at Lowe's have been positive for 14 straight quarters — a rare track record for a retailer. Still, Lowe's growth has lagged that of rival Home Depot's (HD) for six of the past eight quarters, according to FactSet data. During the past year, Lowe's shares have shrunk 2.5 percent while Home Depot shares have risen 5.9 percent. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Accessibility/Mobile Features Skip Navigation Skip to Content January 15, 2017 Login | Register | RSS Feeds Hi | Logout | RSS Feeds SEARCH | Advanced Search | e-Edition Search full site Search local only Editorial News News Local News | Westman this Week | Sun Weekend | Calendars || National News | World News || Manitoba Election Sports| Local Sports | Wheat Kings | High School || Hockey | Curling | Baseball | Basketball | Football | Golf | Post-Secondary | Other Sports Opinion|| Columnists | Letters to the Editor | Sound Off | Send a letter to the Editor | Submit a Sound Off | Submit a News Tip Entertainment| Local TV | Local Movies Lifestyles|   Business|   Agriculture||   Multimedia| Point of View | Special Features | Sun Snaps SUBSCRIBE   Classified Sites Careers Obituaries Classifieds eTearsheet Instructions You are here: Brandon Sun > Local > Shoplifting spree shows 'traumatic impact' of crystal meth addiction Local Brandon Sun - PRINT EDITION Shoplifting spree shows 'traumatic impact' of crystal meth addiction By: Ian Hitchen Friday, Jan. 13, 2017 | Comments: 0 Print E–mail Tweet Report Error A woman’s shoplifting spree shows the destructive impact that a crystal meth addiction can have, a Brandon judge says. Prior to the spree, the 33-year-old offender had just one entry on her criminal record. "Your behaviour in the last number of months, I guess, is a clear demonstration of the traumatic impact that an addiction to crystal meth can have on someone," Judge John Combs said. Rashelle Kristen Studer pleaded guilty on Thursday to thefts from six different Brandon stores between Aug. 8 and Sept. 1. She also admitted to attending Walmart three times between Dec. 6 and Jan. 7 while banned from the store for a previous theft, and to possessing a TV stolen from that business. In August, she and another woman stole $400 worth of clothes from Wheatcity Cowtown, and they stole a $130 boxed security camera from Extreme Electronics. On another occasion, cosmetics and an LCD TV were among the items she tried to steal from Real Canadian Superstore, but she got caught and those items were recovered. A $23 bottle of vodka was the item she stole from the Liquor Mart on Victoria Avenue later that month. Smitten Adult Boutique was her target on Aug. 26. That time she took two items worth $118, although the Crown attorney didn’t specify in court what they were. Studer was involved in an attempt to make off with a cartload of $730 in merchandise from Walmart on Sept 1. She was banned from being there on Jan. 7 when a man she was with stole a TV. Walmart staff had spotted her, and her movements and those of her co-accused were captured on camera. Studer answered the door when police later knocked at her home, and the officer could see the stolen TV leaning against the wall with the security tag still attached. Crown attorney Yaso Mathu told court the offences were the result of Studer’s addiction to crystal meth. Studer wiped tears from her eyes as she apologized: "I’m sorry for everything I’ve done." Combs sentenced Studer to three months house arrest followed by 18 months probation. She’s also to pay $678 for the goods that weren’t recovered from the thefts at Cowtown, Extreme, the Liquor Mart and Smitten. Cocaine, marijuana and ecstasy have been common drugs used in Brandon, but the use of crystal meth has been noted more often in court in recent years. » ihitchen@brandonsun.com » Twitter: IanHitchen Republished from the Brandon Sun print edition January 13, 2017 Print E–mail Tweet Report Error Rate this This article has not yet been rated. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. If you thought it was well written, do the same. If it doesn’t meet your standards, mark it accordingly. You can also register and/or login to the site and join the conversation by leaving a comment. Rate it yourself by rolling over the stars and clicking when you reach your desired rating. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. Sort by: Newest to Oldest | Oldest to Newest | Most Popular 0 Comments You can comment on most stories on brandonsun.com. You can also agree or disagree with other comments. All you need to do is register and/or login and you can join the conversation and give your feedback. There are no comments at the moment. Be the first to post a comment below. Post Your Comment Error The following error(s) occurred: You forgot to fill in the comment box. confirm comment The following is the comment that you have written. If you like what you have written, select the submit button and the comment will be sent to the Brandon Sun. If you would like to go back and edit your comment, select the edit button. Comment You have characters left The Brandon Sun does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. Comments are moderated before publication. By submitting your comment, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. New to commenting? Check out our Frequently Asked Questions. A woman’s shoplifting spree shows the destructive impact that a crystal meth addiction can have, a Brandon judge says. Prior to the spree, the 33-year-old offender had just one entry on her criminal record. Please subscribe to view full article. Already subscribed? Login to view full article. Not yet a subscriber? Click here to sign up A woman’s shoplifting spree shows the destructive impact that a crystal meth addiction can have, a Brandon judge says. Prior to the spree, the 33-year-old offender had just one entry on her criminal record. Subscription required to view full article. A subscription to the Brandon Sun Newspaper is required to view this article. Please update your user information if you are already a newspaper subscriber. Back to Top Return to Local Make text: Larger | Smaller Social Media Most Popular Most Views Most Comments Most Emails Today | Week | Month Meadows School's Nancy Miller remembered for passion for teaching, arts Brandon police searching for missing person Man's death following interaction with BPS investigated Woman given suspended sentence for defrauding employer Brandon nurse making a difference in Africa ACC names alumni award recipients Tundra CEO, Westman reeves upbeat about oil industry in 2017 Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs' pipeline fight irks Birdtail chief IIU probes man's death in Brandon hotel room Enthusiasm builds for East Brandon Industrial Area Two years house arrest for fatal crash Man's death following interaction with BPS investigated Meadows School's Nancy Miller remembered for passion for teaching, arts Deloraine-Winchester residents get lawyer to stop recreation complex project Deer population could be in jeopardy Minnedosa hit with financial shock over ethanol plant property reassessment Hockey has been good to Plante and his family 'Family friend' gets 10 months in jail for molesting teen girl in tent Elphinstone man faces assault, threat charges Hawrysh's season on the track comes to an early end Brandon mom was 'kind to everyone' Two years house arrest for fatal crash Police investigate suspicious death at Brandon apartment complex Man's death following interaction with BPS investigated Flights, taxis grounded as winter storm wallops Westman MPI pulls adjusters from 20 small towns Brandon woman granted leave after spending 84 days in hospital Meadows School's Nancy Miller remembered for passion for teaching, arts Tight bond with Coulters helped Stone in Brandon Jail records suggest teen not offered prescribed medication before hanging herself Today | Week | Month Minnedosa hit with financial shock over ethanol plant property reassessment Pallister provides chance to ponder poverty solutions Committee wants $110K to restore stone fence Minnedosa hit with financial shock over ethanol plant property reassessment If they took a holiday … so what? Mixed reaction locally for news of MTS sale City eyes 2.95% tax hike Minimum wage hikes don't reduce poverty, Pallister says Police stop alleged drug trafficking Resolution raises some serious questions for municipalities Police scoff at Brandonite 'finding' drugs Heed cigarette lessons for pot Pallister provides chance to ponder poverty solutions Committee wants $110K to restore stone fence Today | Week | Month Cadets have rich history in Brandon Shoplifting spree shows 'traumatic impact' of crystal meth addiction Deloraine-Winchester residents get lawyer to stop recreation complex project Cadets have rich history in Brandon New subdivision planned for south end 911 centre marks 20 years Retiring BU faculty members start scholarship Shoplifting spree shows 'traumatic impact' of crystal meth addiction Meadows School's Nancy Miller remembered for passion for teaching, arts Canvas for a Cause charity auction painting captures festive season MPI pulls adjusters from 20 small towns Thanks for help at airport Deloraine-Winchester residents get lawyer to stop recreation complex project New lab gives ACC nursing students hands-on preparation for medical crises Group looks to bring soybean plant to region Man charged after allegedly locking ex in room and sexually assaulting her Bale home near Onanole could be game-changer Expired plates leads to impaired driving charge Patrick closing in on return to Brandon lineup Online: Contact Us | Photo Store | RSS Feeds Newspaper: Newspapers In Education (NIE) | Help/FAQ | Fund Raising | Press Pass Advertise: Rates | Media Guide | Online Ads Demo Legal: Privacy Policy | Access To Information | FP Newspapers Inc. © 2017 Brandon Sun. All Rights Reserved.
Around AOTF × All News Reviews Opinion Videos Guides Rumors Platforms Xbox PlayStation PC/MAC Nintendo Mobile More Contact Us Write at AOTF Ethics Privacy Attack of the Fanboy The First Nintendo Switch Pre-Orders In The US Have Already Sold Out By Dean James The Nintendo Switch was officially revealed to be coming on March 3 during the much awaited presentation earlier tonight. During that showcase, it was stated that pre-orders for the Switch were going to be starting in Japan on January 21, but nothing was mentioned for..... News The First Nintendo Switch Pre-Orders In The US Have Already Sold Out Share Tweet by Dean James on January 12, 2017 The Nintendo Switch was officially revealed to be coming on March 3 during the much awaited presentation earlier tonight. During that showcase, it was stated that pre-orders for the Switch were going to be starting in Japan on January 21, but nothing was mentioned for the rest of the world. However, now the first retailer to have pre-orders go up has done so and in only a few minutes they have evidently sold out. For those looking to pre-order the Nintendo Switch, you definitely want to keep an eye on Walmart’s website. The listing for the Switch went up just a few minutes ago and in no time they already sold out. This is no big surprise after we saw how the NES Classic Edition sold out everywhere in seconds, with Walmart being one of the worst culprits with that. This could be a case where Walmart is going to put up pre-orders in waves though, so as we said above definitely keep checking to see if they go up again. Also as a tip, check the website from desktop, the mobile website, and the mobile app, as sometimes you will have better luck on one versus the other. Hopefully this isn’t a sign of things to come like with the NES Classic and the early amiibo, but we’ll just have to wait and see. Stay tuned for details on others as they come out as well. Calling All Writers: Become a contributor and write about games at AOTF! Say Something More About Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Will Support MicroSDXC Cards Up To 2 TB The Nintendo Switch finally had its grand unveiling during a live presentation in Tokyo, Japan this past Thursday. In that presentation, the actual system information was somewhat limited, but further reports after provided more info. During yesterday’s Nintendo Treehouse Live,... Ultra Street Fighter 2: The Final Challengers Announced for Switch Nintendo Switch Online Voice Chat Will Use Smartphone Nintendo Paid Online Service Will Offer Free NES & SNES Games With a Catch Snipperclips, New Co-Op Game for Switch, Announced Super Mario Odyssey was Made for Hardcore Gamers says Miyamoto Related Popular Nintendo Switch Content Nintendo Switch will have Paid Online Multiplayer Starting Fall 2017 Update: More details can be found here, such as the differences between free and paid subscriptions, which seem to amount to access to basic features for free members. Subscribers will also get free goodies, like NES and SNES VC games with... Rumor: Nintendo Switch Will Offer GameCube Games On Its Virtual Console, Upgrade Program For Older Systems The Nintendo Switch was officially announced back in late October after being known as the NX for awhile, with the full reveal set for January 12. In the meantime, we’ve seen plenty of rumors coming out and the latest definitely... Nintendo Switch Video Actor Reveals More News About The Console/Controllers A new interview has been conducted with one of the actors that featured in the Nintendo Switch commercial/reveal trailer. He says some interesting things about his experience. The interview was conducted by GameXplain and they spoke to  Nicky. He’s one... Nintendo Switch Will Support MicroSDXC Cards Up To 2 TB The Nintendo Switch finally had its grand unveiling during a live presentation in Tokyo, Japan this past Thursday. In that presentation, the actual system information was somewhat limited, but further reports after provided more info. During yesterday’s Nintendo Treehouse Live,... Super Mario Odyssey was Made for Hardcore Gamers says Miyamoto One of the bigger surprises from last night’s Nintendo Switch reveal event was the unveiling of Super Mario Odyssey. Sure, we all kind of knew that a 3D Mario game was coming to Nintendo’s latest console, but seeing this was... Gamestop: Interest In Nintendo Switch Is As Much As Xbox One The Switch could be the device that might make Nintendo popular again in the home console market. Gamestop says its customers are aware of and interested in it. Gamespot reported on Gamestop’s comments during its latest financial earnings. The biggest... NPD December 2016: Sony Dominates Holidays but Microsoft Points Out Bright Spots NPD Data for December has been released, and as expected, Sony’s PlayStation 4 was the best-selling console in the United States.  After revealing sales figures earlier this month, it was expected that Sony would be top-selling console.  However, not all... Nintendo Switch is Not a 3DS Replacement According to Nintendo President With the announcement of the Nintendo Switch and its ability to alternate between home console and handheld forms, many in the gaming world assumed that this new system was a replacement for both of Nintendo’s key hardware pillars. The Wii... Nintendo Switch Online Voice Chat Will Use Smartphone Not everything that Nintendo revealed about the Switch has been a hit with fans.  There have been a couple of questionable moves the company is making in terms of a new paid online service.  While the early rumblings of a... Rumor: Beyond Good & Evil 2 is a Timed Exclusive for Nintendo Switch According to Laura Kate Dale, a prominent leaker of video game info, the highly anticipated Beyond Good & Evil 2 will be a timed exclusive for Nintendo Switch. This might seem pretty outlandish, but a few things stack up behind... © 2013 Modern Media Group LLC All rights reserved. | Attack of the Fanboy | Video Game News & Reviews facebook.com/attackofthefanboy twitter.com/FanboyAttack youtube.com/FanboyAttack RSS
GoSearch Replay: News at Five WHO-HD Channel 13 TV Schedule Search Contact Us whotv.com Menu News Mega Doppler-S Sports On 13 Gift Guide Contests Events Weather 31° 31° Low 26° High 34° Mon 28° 37° Tue 30° 36° Wed 27° 45° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Police Chase Leads to Evacuation of Clinton County Walmart Posted 8:47 pm, January 12, 2017, by Staff Writer Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr Jacob Dau. (WQAD) × Police Chase Leads to Evacuation of Clinton County Walmart Jacob Dau. (WQAD) CLINTON, Iowa  —  A police chase through Clinton prompted a lock-down at the local Walmart on Thursday. Police 35-year-old Jacob Dau tried fleeing from agents with the Division of Criminal Investigation at the Wild Rose Casino before going through a cemetery and eventually running into a Walmart on South 25th Street. Customers and employees were evacuated from the building. Dau was later found in a sales bin and taken to the Clinton County Jail, where charges are pending. “We had very good communication amongst the inside, the outside and all the agencies, and we all knew what every other person was doing, which shows by the positive result we had,” says Clinton Police Department Captain Steven Kopp. “A wanted subject was taken into custody without any harm to the business–structure-wise–or employees, or customers. It was a good result.” Initial reports indicated Dau was armed with a handgun, but officials do not believe the gun ever entered the store. Nobody was hurt during the incident. 41.818815 -90.242945 Related stories Juveniles in Police Custody Following Foot Chase Overnight Chase Leads Police Across Town Des Moines Police Led on Car Chase Thursday Morning Filed in: News Topics: Clinton County, Walmart Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr Popular Winter Storm Could Bring Dangerous Conditions Sunday Night Des Moines Man Found in Utah Accused of Missing Woman’s Murder Homicide: Police Find Body Believed to be Missing Des Moines Woman Latest News Iowans Stock Up to Stay Away from Storm “Park, Eat, Play” Project to Combat Parking Problem in Downtown Des Moines Worried Affordable Care Act Supporters Rally Outside Courthouse Marshalltown Man Hit by Train, Killed News Three People Killed, Two Injured When Truck Slams Into Pella Walmart News My Final 19 Hours on the Campaign Trail with Clinton Politics Clinton on Final Day of the Campaign: It’s Time to ‘heal’ News Politics President of ISU Bernie Sanders Club Bashes Clinton at Sanders/Clinton Rally, Gets Escorted Off-Stage News DCI Hopes to Finish Up Pella Walmart Crash Investigation This Week News Police Use ‘Pit Maneuver’ to End Early Morning Chase News Pickup Truck Drives Into Pella Walmart News Politics FBI: Review of New Emails Doesn’t Change Conclusion on Clinton News Pella Shines a Guiding Light on Darkness after Walmart Crash Kills Three Politics Presidential Debate: Donald Trump Refuses to Say Whether He’ll Accept Election Results News Walmart Trims its Christmas Eve Hours News Politics Presidential Debate: What to Watch For in the Last Clinton-Trump Face-Off News Centerville Business Gives New Life to Old Walmart Mobile Apps 13Now News App for iPhone & iPad 13Now News App for Android 13WarnMe Weather App for iPhone & iPad 13WarnMe Weather App for Android Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1801 Grand Ave. Des Moines, IA 50309 • Copyright © 2017, WHO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Nintendo Switch Off to Wobbly Start as Pricing, Timing Unveiled by Yuji Nakamura @ynakamura56 More stories by Yuji Nakamura and Takashi Amano @Takashi__Amano More stories by Takashi Amano January 12, 2017, 8:48 PM EST January 13, 2017, 5:07 AM EST Price of around $300 more than anticipated, higher than rivals Nintendo counting on new console to top Wii debut a decade ago Nintendo's Fils-Aime: Switch Is 'Turning On' Consumers Nintendo Co.’s new Switch gaming console is off to an underwhelming start. Nintendo Switch. Source: 2016 Nintendo The new machine, a tablet-sized device with wireless controllers that can be used anywhere but also connects to TVs, will go on sale March 3 at a price of $300, with a brand-new Zelda game as its launch title. None of that, however, was enough to convince investors that it will be a big moneymaker for the Kyoto-based company, whose shares fell 5.8 percent to 23,750 yen after Nintendo executives held a presentation in Tokyo on Friday. Nintendo is counting on the Switch to end years of pain at its console division, which released a successor to the popular Wii in 2012, only to see it flop. After shunning the smartphone market for years, its long-awaited foray into smartphone gaming got off to a rough start, with last month’s  disappointing debut of Super Mario Run. With Switch, there isn’t any single distinguishing feature -- like the Wii’s motion controllers when that machine debuted a decade ago -- likely to lure buyers for the new console and its games. That’s fueling concerns Nintendo may be losing its ability to deliver hit entertainment products. “The pricing and game titles were as expected; the stock was bought up on hopes and sold on the fact,” said Hideki Yasuda, an analyst at Ace Research Institute. “The first two weeks of sales will be critical for Nintendo, and they will have to sell the 2 million units they forecast for the quarter. The Switch’s success will be determined at the start.” Read more on our LIVE BLOG here Switch surpassed most analysts’ estimates of a price between $250 and $280. At $300, the Switch would cost more than Sony Corp.’s $260 PlayStation 4 and Microsoft Corp.’s $240 Xbox One, based on current U.S. retail pricing. An early leak of the price in Canada triggered a decline in Nintendo shares hours before Friday’s presentation. Nintendo also introduced one new feature for the Switch: an online gaming network. While details were scarce, the company said it would let people play with friends and chat online. The service will initially be free from March, and become a paid service later in the year. While the connectivity is new for Nintendo, the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 console have had the feature for years. “Charging for its online services is hardly surprising, but I’ll be curious to see if Nintendo can justify it,” said Jim Sterling, founder of the influential gaming blog The Jimquisition. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter For new games, Nintendo also introduced a new Mario game called Super Mario Odyssey as well as Splatoon 2, a successor to the popular paint-throwing game. Another new title called Arms was introduced, designed to work with the Switch’s new Joy-Con motion-sensing controllers. While the controllers pack more features and sensors, allowing for new ways to play games, they are essentially upgrades of Wii’s motion controllers. It’s critical to have a lineup of compelling games that have broad appeal -- including sports, first-person shooter, role-playing and puzzles -- at the launch because that drives sales of new consoles. The Switch, however, will have less than a dozen titles when it goes on sale, half what Wii U had when it debuted. In terms of battery life, Nintendo said the Switch will provide 2.5 to 6 hours of gameplay. Nintendo’s promise of delivering high-end graphics in a portable package also rests largely on its ability to maximize battery life. “Our biggest concern is battery life, which we think will remain an issue,” Macquarie Securities said. As a portable gadget, the device sports a screen, attachable joysticks and battery. Nintendo is betting that the ability to play the same titles indoors and outdoors will appeal to gamers who now play one set of games at home and a different collection on their smartphones when out and about. Still, that means the Switch will have to compete with smartphones, which most people already own and use. It’s unclear if consumers will want to carry another bulky device when smartphones already fill their spare moments with millions of games, apps and videos. “There is a possibility that this proposed new game playing experience will not immediately be understood,” Takeshi Koyama, an analyst at Mizuho Financial Group Inc., wrote in a report last week. Since its Wii peak about a decade ago, Nintendo shares have slumped by about two-thirds, losing more than $50 billion in market value. In October, Kimishima told Bloomberg the Switch will play a central role in restoring operating profits to a level of around 100 billion yen per year. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal ELD mandate to reveal ‘fudge’ in trucking industry hours of service requirements CIP member wants Fort Smith to ‘cease and desist’ in using street sales tax for other purposes Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise ELD mandate to reveal ‘fudge’ in trucking industry hours of service requirements CIP member wants Fort Smith to ‘cease and desist’ in using street sales tax for other purposes Gov. Hutchinson tells state Municipal League: Time to end GIFs, unfunded mandates Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Sen. Cotton suspects White House may be behind intelligence leaks Rep. Crawford says ethics agency needs reform, but GOP move not the solution Rep. Crawford offers thoughts on agriculture, trade posts; drops hint on Ag Secretary pick Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Trucking industry stocks get reality review after post-election bump Outlook improves for national trucking industry but 4Q concerns remain J.B. Hunt requests arbitration review of revenue sharing agreement with BNSF The Compass Report: State economy strong, pace of growth moderates in some areas Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Expert discusses Wal-Mart’s recent shopping spree, says retailer may be building a ‘Frankenstein’ BusinessCentral ArkansasFort SmithLatest NewsNortheast ArkansasNorthwest Arkansas by Kim Souza 3 days ago 24 views0 Tags: ecommerce Wal-Mart Stores 0 SHARES Share Tweet Annibal Sodero, assistant professor of supply chain management at the University of Arkansas, said Wal-Mart’s $70 million acquisition of ShoeBuy looks good on paper, but he doesn’t understand a strategy that seems to move the retailer away from its core business. “I applaud them for wanting to become more of a technology company, but I have to wonder what are they doing with an online vertical shoe/apparel business in a market dominated by Zappos. Through Jet they also now have Hayneedle, an online home furnishings business, again another e-commerce vertical that is not core to their own business,” said Sodero, who added that as a computer scientist and former logistics entrepreneur he struggles to follow the logic of such vertical moves. He said a central message from the retail giant has been about simplification, but from the recent shopping spree it looks as if the business is getting more complicated. “Do they plan to integrate these businesses, if so, it won’t be an easy task. Geographically there are challenges, culturally there are challenges and the business models themselves are fundamentally different. It is true Wal-Mart will need to grow its expertise and market share through acquisition to catch up to Amazon and Alibaba, but the recent deals don’t really add to market share. In fact it looks kind of like Wal-Mart is building a Frankenstein,” Sodero said. He acknowledged that Wal-Mart wants to become more like a technology company, given its biggest competitor Amazon is a technology company. He said Amazon’s ability to create solutions it sees for future retail challenges is a big advantage. He credits Wal-Mart with doing a respectable job in building its tech shop in San Bruno, Calif., but said recruiting and retaining the top talent is a challenge even for Wal-Mart because Google, Apple and a dozen other tech giants are vying for the same talent. “It will be interesting to see what Marc Lore (CEO of Jet.com, and now CEO of Wal-Mart Global eCommerce) can accomplish in the roughly 4.5 years that he remains under contract with Wal-Mart. The clock is already ticking down,” Sodero said. He said Lore is the main reason Wal-Mart acquired Jet, but five years can seem like a lifetime for an entrepreneur to work for a giant corporation. The Business Insider recently reported that Wal-Mart could be poised for a digital shopping spree as it seeks to grow its online sales globally. Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon has said the basket economics built into Jet’s operations were what attracted him to the deal. McMillon loved the Jet basket feature that allows customers to control the pricing based on delivery options and the number of items purchased. Analysts have wondered just how that will would work at Wal-Mart given that suppliers are already giving the retailer the lowest possible price. Slice Intelligence reports that Jet, even with that service, still struggles to get repeat customers. Sodero said there are other startup technology companies that might make more sense as acquisitions for Wal-Mart, more so than another vertical e-commerce business. He wonders if Wal-Mart will harken back to the early years of WalmartLabs when true tech companies were the target acquisitions. Under the leadership of then Wal-Mart Global eCommerce CEO Neil Ashe, the retailer made several acquisitions of small startups such as Kosmix for its social media genome capabilities. Grabble, whose technology scans receipts and keeps a database of a buyer’s purchase history was also acquired in 2012. The next year Wal-Mart acquired OneOps to help the retailer accelerate private cloud infrastructure strategies. Software developer Tasty Labs was also acquired at the same time. In 2014 Wal-Mart acquired Adchemy, a product search startup, and Sylir, a fashion finding app that helps consumers find clothes they like in nearby stores and then flip through the racks via their phone app. Ashe said many of the earlier acquisitions were about getting the tech talent to put their efforts to work solving challenges for Walmart’s e-commerce business. Some analysts suggest Wal-Mart and the rest of brick and mortar retailers must invest heavily in infrastructure and talent if they want to be around in the next five years. Macy’s, JC Penney, Kohl’s, Sears and Wal-Mart have all recently confirmed they are reducing store count in order to invest more into online operations. Nordstrom and Home Depot are also planning to allocate more of their capital expenditures to growing online. Sodero, a native of Brazil, has lived in the United Kingdom as well as South America for extended times. He said the United States is woefully behind in how retailers are integrating technology into shopping and every other aspect of life. “In the UK the trashcans talk to you when you pass by. They can also scan your credit cards in the wallet and read your driver’s license and call you by name. Grocery retailers have been delivering groceries bought online for nearly 20 years there. Augmented reality was used by Tesco … two years ago in South Korea to sell groceries in a busy train station,” Sodero said. “The technology is available to shift a majority of retail online in the next few years. Retailers like Wal-Mart know this and they are trying hard to turn their massive ship.” Comments comments Previous post Gov. Hutchinson tells state Municipal League: Time to end GIFs, unfunded mandates Next post CIP member wants Fort Smith to 'cease and desist' in using street sales tax for other purposes Related posts New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal by Talk Business & Politics staff - 3 days ago Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas by George Jared - 3 days ago Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise by Steve Brawner - 3 days ago New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal by Talk Business & Politics staff - 3 days ago Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Gov. Hutchinson: Good things happen when Arkansas Legislature works together Riff Raff: Calling the system an SOB HIPAA audits and redacting Can you brand sand? Abolishing the fiscal session and other possible constitutional amendments Latest Popular Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act 3 hours ago Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education 3 hours ago New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal 3 days ago Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas 3 days ago Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise 3 days ago New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal 88 views Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas 73 views Forty Under 40: Dr. Steve Whitelaw 67 views Forty Under 40: John Scott 67 views Forty Under 40: Mickey Richardson 66 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
News Southside Suffolk Walmart evacuated after a report of odor of gas Arrest and booking photos are provided by law enforcement officials. Arrest does not imply guilt, and criminal charges are merely accusations. A defendant is presumed innocent unless proven guilty and convicted. Kate MishkinContact ReporterDaily Press A Suffolk Walmart was evacuated earlier Thursday after someone in the store reported an odor of gas, according to a news release. Crews responded to the Walmart in the 6200 block of College Drive about 1:10 p.m., and found the smell originated in a heating unit on the store's roof, the release said.  Everyone was evacuated by the time crews arrived, and no one was injured, the release said. People went back into the store about 40 minutes later.  Caption Newport News man dies in Madison Avenue home following shooting, police say Newport News police are investigating a homicide Sunday afternoon at a house in the 3000 block of Madison Avenue in the south end of Newport News, according to police spokesman Brandon Maynard. Newport News police are investigating a homicide Sunday afternoon at a house in the 3000 block of Madison Avenue in the south end of Newport News, according to police spokesman Brandon Maynard. Caption Newport News man dies in Madison Avenue home following shooting, police say Newport News police are investigating a homicide Sunday afternoon at a house in the 3000 block of Madison Avenue in the south end of Newport News, according to police spokesman Brandon Maynard. Newport News police are investigating a homicide Sunday afternoon at a house in the 3000 block of Madison Avenue in the south end of Newport News, according to police spokesman Brandon Maynard. Caption Westbound lanes on I-64 are open at the Hampton Roads Bridge-Tunnel Traffic at I-64 westbound at the Hampton Roads Bridge-Tunnel. Traffic at I-64 westbound at the Hampton Roads Bridge-Tunnel. Caption January 2017 Snow Storm Heavy snow covered the Peninsula Saturday January 7,2016. Heavy snow covered the Peninsula Saturday January 7,2016. Caption Video: Shooting at Bethel High School Hampton Police Department responded to a shooting in the parking lot of Bethel High School in Hampton. The parking lot facing Big Bethel road was congested and the parking lot of the school was blocked with police tape. Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Hampton Police Department responded to a shooting in the parking lot of Bethel High School in Hampton. The parking lot facing Big Bethel road was congested and the parking lot of the school was blocked with police tape. Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Caption Newport News police investigate Abbington Landing homicide A woman was found dead inside her townhouse about 5:15 p.m. Thursday, officials said. A woman was found dead inside her townhouse about 5:15 p.m. Thursday, officials said. Copyright © 2017, Daily Press Breaking News Videos Interactive timeline: Peninsula area homicides in 2016 Newport News 'Most Wanted' Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 40°
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Speaking of Dividends How to Find Dividend-Hike Heroes One way to find companies likely to consistently raise their payouts:Track their cash flow. By Lawrence C. Strauss Biography January 14, 2017 As a new year begins, it’s a good time for dividend investors to return to basics. In that spirit, Barron’s last week ran a screen seeking stocks from the Standard & Poor’s 500 index with free cash flow yields that exceed their dividend yields. Earnings growth is a key foundation for increasing payouts, but free cash flow, the funding source, is critical as well. Hence, companies with sufficient cash on hand–and the ability to... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Netflix or Hulu Plus? A guide to the best TV streaming services. Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Sizing Up Small Caps Revlon’s Beautiful Outlook The stock could be worth more than twice its current price, even if top shareholder Ron Perelman doesn’t relinquish control. By David Englander Biography January 14, 2017 Beauty-products giant Revlon is the ugly duckling of the beauty space in the eyes of investors. The stock has long traded at a deep discount to rivals. At a recent $32.00, Revlon shares (ticker: REV) go for an enterprise value of nearly nine... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Netflix or Hulu Plus? A guide to the best TV streaming services. Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe to Northwest Herald 31°FOvercastFull Forecast News News Home Local Crime and Courts State 2016 Election Results Nation/World Local Business Heroin crisis Business Town News and Info Government Police Reports Education Get App Get Newsletter Sports Sports Home Preps Bears Get App Bulls Blackhawks Cubs White Sox Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Features McHenry County Magazine Features Home Planit Northwest Best of the Fox Best Under 40 Auto Everyday Heroes Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies and TV Music Recipes Theater Women of Distinction Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columnists Editorial Cartoons Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Events Events Calendar Promotions & Events Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Club Book of Lists Business: Best Under 40 Business Milestones Campus Report Engagement Announcement Get your band featured Letters to the Editor Neighbors Connect Planit Pl@y online submission Recipe of the Week Service Report Share Your Photos Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Archive Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Pet of the Week Photos Photo Store Public Notices RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Town Info TV Listings Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Features Opinion Obits Video Planit Events Text Alerts Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Zion man found guilty of drug-induced homicide in Algonquin woman's death Published: Saturday, Jan. 14, 2017 12:05 a.m. CST • Updated: Saturday, Jan. 14, 2017 12:08 a.m. CST Caption James F. Linder By JORDYN REILAND jreiland @shawmedia.com WOODSTOCK – Jurors found a Zion man guilty on Friday of the drug-induced homicide of 21-year-old Danielle Barzyk. Jurors found that James F. Linder sold more than one gram of heroin to Barzyk’s boyfriend, Cody N. Hillier, on Jan. 30, 2015, in Zion. The couple returned to Algonquin and used the drugs at least three times, and just after 1 a.m. Barzyk told Hillier she was having trouble breathing and needed medical attention. Hillier and Barzyk met at a local rehabilitation facility in July 2014 and started dating. Hillier, who took the stand this week, said he and Barzyk relapsed in November 2014 and continued daily usage. When police arrived at the scene, they asked Hillier whether Barzyk had taken anything, and he said she was having an asthma attack. He later told responding officers and emergency personnel that she had taken Vicodin. Barzyk was taken to Advocate Sherman Hospital in Elgin, where she was pronounced dead. Hillier agreed to work with the North Central Narcotics Task force and bought additional heroin from Linder in a controlled narcotics transaction at a Wal-Mart in Zion. Linder was pulled over after the alleged drug deal, and officers located the money Hillier was given to buy the drugs, his wallet, a cellphone and additional cash. Linder was arrested and has since been held in the McHenry County Jail. Hillier previously pleaded guilty in May to unlawful possession and delivery of a controlled substance in this case and was sentenced to probation. He was rearrested in October after violating the terms of his probation. The jury began deliberations shortly before 11:30 a.m. Friday and returned with a verdict about two hours later. During closing arguments, Assistant State’s Attorney Randi Freese asked the jury to hold the defendant accountable. “He profited and preyed on the addiction and disease of Danielle and Cody,” Freese said. Freese said prosecutors proved their case beyond a reasonable doubt because they were able to show that Linder knowingly delivered heroin to Hillier, that the heroin was at least one gram or more, that Barzyk inhaled the heroin and that Barzyk died as a result of the inhalation. Freese said the most convincing evidence in the case against Linder came from his cellphone, which was taken from the defendant when he was arrested. The text messages documented conversations between Hillier and Linder regarding the two heroin purchases. There also were recorded phone calls between the two from Jan. 31, 2015, when Hillier was working with undercover officers. Freese said there was no doubt that Barzyk died of a heroin overdose based on testimony from two forensic pathologists who took the stand this week. “What happened to Danielle could have just as easily happened to Cody. They both used the heroin. … One died; one lived,” Freese said. Mitra Kalelkar and Hillary McElligott, who testified for the prosecution and defense, respectively, generally agreed Barzyk’s primary cause of death was a narcotics overdose. Kalelkar conducted Barzyk’s autopsy days after she died and examined a toxicology report prepared when coming to her conclusion of how Barzyk died. She said Barzyk’s lungs were heavier than normal from a significant amount of fluid and congestion, something she commonly sees in patients who overdose or drown. She also said she was aware of Barzyk’s history of asthma, but did not believe it was what caused her death. Hank Sugden, Linder’s attorney, said in closing arguments that prosecutors did not prove Linder delivered heroin to Hillier nor did they prove Barzyk died of a heroin overdose. Sugden said Barzyk and Hillier were both addicts who were aware of the danger of drugs. Sugden said, referencing Freese’s prior statement, that Hillier lived and Barzyk died not because she overdosed but because of the fact that she had an asthma attack. That was the major difference between the two, he said. McElligott said while she agreed the primary cause of death was related to a heroin overdose, she believed asthma was a major contributing factor. She said someone who is overdosing will appear as though they are falling asleep or passing out, but someone experiencing a severe asthma attack is more likely to gasp for air and be aware they are not breathing properly. Sugden also said prosecutors were unable to prove the heroin sold Jan. 30 was the same as the heroin sold Jan. 31, and could have done so through further testing. In response to Sugden’s statement about quality control, Assistant State’s Attorney John Gibbons said it would have been nearly impossible to do comparative testing because heroin dealers almost always have different product. He said that fact is proven when Linder told Hillier in a recorded phone call that he didn’t have the same stuff as Jan. 30 but had different product he could sell to him. Linder faces 15 to 30 years in prison. Based on previous convictions, he could receive an extended sentence that would result in 30 to 60 years in prison. He will remain in the McHenry County Jail without bond until his sentencing Feb. 24. Previous Page|1|2|3|Next Page| Comments Related Links Zion man found guilty of drug-induced homicide in Algonquin woman's death Medical experts differ how Algonquin woman died in drug-induced homicide trial Jurors see texts in connection with Algonquin drug overdose death McHenry County Sheriff's Office warns drivers of icy roads Boyfriend of Algonquin woman who overdosed testifies in drug-induced homicide trial Jury selection continues in drug-induced homicide trial Get breaking and town-specific news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from the Northwest Herald. More News McHenry County grand jury indictmentsJan. 14, 2017 - 11:56 pm East St. Louis man gets 34 years for Carpentersville drug deal, police chaseJan. 14, 2017 - 11:51 pm Zion man found guilty of drug-induced homicide in Algonquin woman's deathJan. 14, 2017 - 12:08 am Crime mugs for January 2017 in McHenry County areaJan. 13, 2017 - 1:00 am Medical experts differ how Algonquin woman died in drug-induced homicide trialJan. 13, 2017 - 12:52 am Jurors see texts in connection with Algonquin drug overdose deathJan. 12, 2017 - 12:50 am Comments Become a digital subscriber and get unlimited digital access. Subscribe Now. Already a subscriber? Reader Poll Are you going to watch Donald Trump's inauguration? Yes No I'll watch highlights later    Show results About Us | Contact Us | Submit News | Subscriber Services | Advertise | Place a Classified Ad | Feedback | RSS | Find Local Jobs Privacy Policy | Editorial Principles | Careers | About Our Ads | Cars on AutoTrader.com | Local Business Showcase Customer Service: (815) 459-8118 or toll-free (800) 589-9363 Copyright © 2017 Northwest Herald. All rights reserved. Published in Crystal Lake, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Ask & Answer Rural Opinion Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Submit a Letter more Ask & Answer Most Popular Most Recent Jefferson's Matt Culver claims first J-Hawk title Icy mix bearing down on Eastern Iowa Iowa wrestling ready for challenge that awaits at top-ranked Oklahoma State Old Cedar Rapids block ‘under the gun’ with casino, real estate shake-up ‘Doc Anthony,’ friend of people but foe of crows Orthodox churches partner to bless Cedar River Garbage won’t be collected in Cedar Rapids Monday due to storm Icy mix bearing down on Eastern Iowa UNI blows out Drake for first Valley win, 79-60 Top-ranked Oklahoma State drops No. 3 Iowa, 24-11 Rest in peace, Sears, Roebuck & Co. Video Photo Women walk past the Sears department store at Fair Oaks Mall in Fairfax, Virginia, January 7, 2010. REUTERS/Larry Downing Gary L. Maydew, guest columnist Jan 13, 2017 at 9:05 am | Print View Nostalgia is one of the most powerful (and most irrational) of emotions. Thus it was with both a little sadness and happy remembrance that I read of Sears latest financial struggles, as the CEO gradually sells off the assets and likely closes down the company. The sadness is the disappearance of an icon in retailing. Sears, Roebuck & Co. was a great innovator, beginning in the late 19th century with catalog sales, and extending even to the advent of shopping malls, as it built large retail stores. But ultimately Sears fell victim to other innovators (the big box stores such as Wal-Mart) and later of course the (now internet giants) Amazon, eBay and others. The remembrance (bringing back happy memories) is of the once omnipresence Sears catalogs. As a child growing up in a very rural area, where retail opportunities were limited, both the “Big Book” and the Christmas catalog were eagerly awaited. The big book had scads of things to appeal to a grade schooler. As a farm family, camping had no appeal to our middle-aged parents (why camp out when we were already in the country my father would say). So the camping equipment looked all the more appealing to me. In my mind, I envisioned acquiring the tents, lanterns, portable cook stoves and so on pictured in the catalog, and camping out in high style in the creek. My father also saw no need for garden tractors. We grew a fairly large garden and cultivated it (weeded) with sharpened hoes. No need for anything else. So I lusted after the cool looking garden tractors with the tiny plows, cultivators, and harrows. My sisters and I also looked forward to the clothing in the Big Book. Except for the occasional trip to a “metropolis” of 20,000 people (even stop lights!), we rarely saw any clothes more stylish than those in the local J.C. Penney or McDonalds clothing (no, not the fast food) stores. The Sears clothes were (to us) the epitome of fashions. However, the Big Book, interesting though it was, took a back seat to the almost endless (and endlessly interesting) Sears Christmas catalog! We also looked at, though with less avidity, the catalog from competitor Montgomery Ward. In the 1910s through the 1940s Ward was a strong competitor. But it had begun to fade by the time I was a child. My younger sister was entranced by various dolls and a little later by the Easy Bake ovens and toy refrigerators shown in the Christmas book. An older sister mostly wanted the winter weight sweaters and slacks. I campaigned several years unsuccessfully for a model train, especially for one with a Santa Fe locomotive. Finally, one Christmas I got one. Unfortunately it didn’t work and my parents returned it, exchanging it instead for a small pool table. (They later came to regret that choice as I whiled away time during high school at the local pool hall). So RIP Sears. Hopefully the pictures displayed from Amazon and other internetors on the computer screens will generate as much excitement for grandchildren as the catalogs did for me and my siblings. RIP and know that you were a not insignificant part of the culture of the early Boomers, the silent generation and those earlier generations. • Gary Maydew of Ames is a retired accounting professor at Iowa State University. Comments: glmaydew@hotmail.com Your next Guest Columnists articles Accountability and secrecy don't work to ... Rest in peace, Sears, Roebuck & Co. Smooth transition of power? Not quite. Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 68° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 72° F Lo: 62° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 6 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Latest Headlines Man stabbed during party at university chancellor’s home Updated: 3 mins ago STOUGHTON, Mass. (AP) — A man was stabbed during an early morning house party at the home of a Massachusetts university chancellor while he … Lake Travis community gathers a week after fire destroys mosque Updated: 54 mins ago The “Solidarity with the Community” event was held at the Lake Travis United Methodist Church bringing in members from different religious b… Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Updated: 13 mins ago Obama speaks on Israel, Trump in last White House interview 6:27 pm Trump: Brexit ‘a great thing,’ EU to continue to break apart Updated: 4 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 68° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 68° F Wind: SSE 14 Humidity: 90% Dewpoint: 65° F Sunrise: 7:28 AM Sunset: 5:53 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Investigations David Barer Brian Collister Josh Hinkle Robert Maxwell Kylie McGivern Kevin Schwaller Latest Headlines Now hiring: Ag Commissioner Sid Miller needs a wheelman January 13, 2017 If you ever wanted to go on long road trips with Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller, now’s your chance. Lawmaker responds to questions about DPS border arrests January 11, 2017 Now, DPS is asking for another billion to pay for the surge over the next few years. Dental Board proposes improvements in sedation safety January 6, 2017 Utility faces penalty for wastewater release in nature preserve January 5, 2017 Boarding home residents fornicating and trespassing, according to lawsuit December 29, 2016 Sports Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines Meet Flip from Texas Humane Heroes! January 13, 2017   Our Pet of the Week is Flip from Texas Humane Heroes.He’s a 3 year hold Dachshund mix. Flip is a super friendly guy that do well in a wide… Feedback: Kids and Chores January 13, 2017   At what age do you start giving your kids chores? Do you pay them for chores around the house? Do you pay them with money with letting the… Ben Hur Shrine Circus January 13, 2017 The 19th Annual Austin Home & Garden Show January 13, 2017 The Best Things to Buy in January January 13, 2017 Search for: Search the site 68° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 72° F Lo: 62° F Top 5 videos on KXAN.com this week By Calily Bien Published: January 13, 2017, 11:01 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Scene where a handcuffed suspect managed to shoot himself while in a patrol car on Sunday, Jan. 8, 2017. (KXAN Photo) AUSTIN (KXAN) — A tragic story of a mother accused of stabbing her 5-year-old daughter was one of the top stories KXAN.com users watched. There were also a lot of questions asked when Austin police said a 19-year-old man was able shoot himself while handcuffed and in the back of a patrol car. Here are the top 5 most viewed videos on KXAN.com this week. 5. Austin pawn shop manager saves woman from attacker Alex Cantu jumped into action when he saw a woman he regularly sees walking near his business getting attacked by a man. Cantu pulled the man off and held him down, with the help of a co-worker, until police came. Officers arrested 35-year-old Javier Cervantes. 4. Hilarious video sums up motherhood in 34 seconds A mom of quadruplets summed up her life while taking refuge in her pantry, and the internet went bananas. 3. Round Rock police searching for Walmart hit and run suspect A woman suffered numerous injuries after she was hit by a car in the parking lot of Walmart on Dec. 17. Police released surveillance photos hoping someone would be able to identify the vehicle and driver. 2. Austin police explain how a handcuffed suspect shot himself Interim Chief of Police Brian Manley says everything unfolded in less than six minutes. Police say video from inside the patrol car shows Zachary Anam, 19, was able to pull his arms around the right side of his body, almost to the front of his body. Once he pulled his arms around, Manley says Anam was able to lie down in the backseat, place his head in front of the muzzle and fire one shot. Anam died the following day. 1. Mother accused of stabbing, mutilating 5-year-old daughter in Kyle The friends of 24-year-old Krystle Villanueva say she had dealt with drugs but she went to rehab and did a 90-day program. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts Top 5 videos on KXAN.com this week Police: Man who shot himself inside patrol car dies Austin police explain how handcuffed suspect shot himself Top 10 viewed stories on KXAN.com in 2016 Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KXAN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Top Stories Strong to severe storms possible tonight Crash leaves one dead, four others injured in northwest Austin Cowboys lose to Packers in NFC Divisional game, 34-31 Photo Galleries PHOTOS: Fiery sunrise over Austin, surrounding areas Gorgeous Central Texas January sunset Military aircraft crashes into water near La Porte PHOTOS: Holiday therapy dogs spreading cheer for Austin rehab patients Holiday therapy dogs offering help for rehab patients PHOTOS: Happy Holidays from the KXAN team Happy Holidays from the KXAN team PHOTOS: ‘Baby it’s cold outside,’ freezing temperatures in Austin-area ‘Baby it’s cold outside’ PHOTOS: Dogs vetted through training now part of Texas DPS Survivor recalls fear, anger on day of Pearl Harbor attack 36 dead in warehouse party blaze ‘Fire everywhere,’ guests trapped inside Gatlinburg Park Vista hotel PHOTOS: Strong’s last game as a Longhorn PHOTOS: Fidel Castro, 1926-2016 Social media creates memes of Biden getting the last laugh PHOTOS: Super-moon hovers over Austin-area PHOTOS: UT students protest Trump in downtown march PHOTOS: Wall collapses at a south Austin apartment complex PHOTOS: Rainbows after a November rain Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2017 LIN Television of Texas, LP, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
   Search  Subscribe menu Home NEWS Close National features Africa World Eish! Multimedia Close Business Close Business News Personal Finance My Small Business Analysis & Profiles Glacier by Sanlam promo Close SPORT Close Soccer Cricket Rugby Golf Other Columns Close PHAKAAATHI Close LOCAL NEWS international news EDITOR’S BLOG FAN ZONE AFCON 2017 PSL Mgosi African News Close YOUR LIFE Close Celebrities Fitness and Health – The Citizen shares health and fitness tips and news Food Entertainment Soapies Friday feeling Close MOTORING Close News Motor Sport NEW CAR PRICE GUIDE Close HORSES Close news Columns Close OPINION Close Columns Editorials Today’s cartoon Cartoons Talking Point – The Citizen’s readers weigh in on issues affecting us all Ghost Cartoonist Close Buy Close auctions classifieds buy in bulk Close Rewards Close Subscribers Competitions Close National 14.1.2017 06:15 am Bribery is on the increase in SA, survey finds Eric Naki Bribery stock image. Picture: Lowvelder. The survey found the average bribe paid by respondents was a staggering R2 200, an increase of R195 over 2015. Bribery has increased by 2% in South Africa since 2015, with the majority of bribes paid for traffic offences, a new survey has found. The 2016 Ethics Institute of South Africa (Ethics SA) survey comes against the backdrop of recent arrests of traffic officials in Gauteng for bribery and illegally issuing drivers’ licences. The survey found that the public and private sector were close on the bribery scale, but the public sector is leading. The SAPS and the metro police, home affairs and health departments top the public sector list. In the private sector, the top three sectors were construction, mining and security. In 2015, 22% indicated it was not possible to get through everyday life in SA without paying bribes, while in 2016 that figure more than doubled to 49%. The survey was sponsored by Massmart-Walmart and conducted in stores in the Free State, Gauteng, Limpopo, KwaZulu-Natal and the Western Cape among 4 553 respondents. It found that the average bribe paid by respondents was a staggering R2 200, an increase of R195 over 2015. ALSO READ: WATCH: Zuma says no ANC ‘culture’ permits Ramaphosa to succeed him The most frequently mentioned bribe amount, however, was between R50 and R100, while 56% of bribes were below R1 000 and 91% below R5 000. In 2015, there were significantly more bribes in the R5 001 to R10 000 category, said Ethics SA. The majority of bribes were paid to evade the consequences of traffic offences – and there was an increase of 2% in this category over last year. The third most common reason, after getting a job, was to get a driver’s licence. Respondents cited various motivational factors for paying bribes, including avoiding a traffic offence, getting a job, getting a driver’s licence, discounts/free goods from businesses and winning tenders. Just under half (49%) of respondents said they had never been asked for a bribe. Ethics SA found that half of the 27% who refused to pay the bribe said it was against their moral or religious principles, while 11% were afraid of the consequences. “Although the public sector was mentioned the most, the private sector was certainly not far behind,” said Ethics SA. The survey also highlighted that people from low-income groups were more vulnerable to bribery, especially for jobs and drivers’ licences, as compared to higher-earning individuals who experienced more tender-related bribery. “The results from the survey are at the very least useful in showing that it is in fact the minority of people who pay bribes, and that many South Africans have strong moral views against bribery,” Ethics SA said. For more news your way, follow The Citizen on Facebook and Twitter. Related Stories New survey shows lower income groups are more prone to paying bribes 30.11.2016 Man gets three years for trying to bribe Kempton cops with R100 7.11.2016 Corruption sinks South Africa 22.9.2016 JSE Currencies Commodities what's hot National EFF Youth League is on the cards, says Mpofu Eish! #FakeNewsRoundUp: How Nhleko makes sure cop bribes are shared fairly Phakaaathi Mathole training with Eagles Celebrities Ntsiki thought Sipho wasn’t such a Hotstix when ‘he hit on her’ Phakaaathi Nale leaves Maritzburg readers' choice National How Mbete was ‘sidelined’ in favour of Dlamini-Zuma for ANC presidency National Angry ANC faction stalls meeting in Rustenburg National Motsoeneng, Mbalula sued over failed R38 million RDP housing saga National EFF Youth League is on the cards, says Mpofu National Cosatu: Zuma should have spoken out against succession tradition in 2007  poll Zuma indirectly endorses Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma for ANC president At least that settles the third term debate This is no surprise, five more years of a Zuma dynasty He's right, we need a woman Spare a thought for Cyril today in print menu Contact us About us Code of Conduct Privacy Policy Advertising Rate Card News menu National Africa World Load Shedding Eish! Opinion menu Columns Editorials Cartoons Talking Point Sport menu Columns Cricket Other Rugby Soccer Golf Horses menu Columnists Racing News Your life menu Celebrities Food style Entertainment Soapies Motoring menu Motoring News features Motorsport new price guide top tips Other menu Auctions buy in bulk Classifieds Competitions Connect About us Code of Conduct Contact us Privacy Policy Jobs at The Citizen Advertising Rate Card News Business Sport Phakaaathi Opinion Motoring Your life Horses Multimedia   The Citizen. All rights reserved.
Nasdaq hits record; bank earnings validate Wall Street rally By An increase in Facebook pushed the Nasdaq to a record high on Friday and the S&P 500 also rose after major US banks kicked off the fourth-quarter earnings season with strong results. - JSW Cement to increase capacity to 3.4 MTPA at Bellary plant Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Markets » International Markets Jan 15, 2017, 11.14 AM | Source: Reuters Nasdaq hits record; bank earnings validate Wall Street rally An increase in Facebook pushed the Nasdaq to a record high on Friday and the S&P 500 also rose after major US banks kicked off the fourth-quarter earnings season with strong results. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Nasdaq hits record; bank earnings validate Wall Street rally An increase in Facebook pushed the Nasdaq to a record high on Friday and the S&P 500 also rose after major US banks kicked off the fourth-quarter earnings season with strong results. Post Your Comments Share Cancel An increase in Facebook pushed the Nasdaq to a record high on Friday and the S&P 500 also rose after major US banks kicked off the fourth-quarter earnings season with strong results. Wall Street has surged since President-elect Donald Trump's unexpected election victory on optimism he will cut corporate taxes, spend on infrastructure and deregulate banks. With stocks trading at price-to-earnings valuations well above historical averages, many investors believe further gains will depend on S&P 500 companies handing in strong report cards over the next several weeks. Major banks on Friday did not disappoint: Bank of America, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo all posted quarterly profits above analysts' expectations. They also expressed optimism about 2017 in their first public comments about earnings since Trump won the election in November. Their shares surged over 2 percent but later gave up most of those gains. Wells Fargo ended 1.36 percent higher and JPMorgan added 0.53 percent. The S&P financial sector has jumped about 17 percent since the election, far outpacing the S&P 500's 6-percent rise. "Earnings are key going forward, and we're off to a decent start," said Mike Baele, managing director with the Private Client Reserve of US Bank in Portland, Oregon. The Dow dipped marginally, with Wal-Mart Stores and other consumer stocks down after a report showed US retail sales and core retail sales increased less than expected in December. Trading volumes were light, with financial markets closed on Monday for Martin Luther King Jr. Day. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.48 percent to a record-high close of 5,574.12, bringing its gain so far this year to 3.55 percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 0.03 percent to 19,885.73, while the S&P 500 gained 0.18 percent to 2,274.64. For the week, the Dow fell 0.4 percent, the S&P 500 shed 0.1 percent and the Nasdaq gained 1 percent. The biggest boost to the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq on Friday was provided by Facebook , which jumped 1.36 percent after Raymond James upgraded the stock. The combined profit of S&P 500 companies is expected to have risen 6.2 percent in the fourth quarter, according to Thomson Reuters. The S&P 500 is trading at 17 times expected earnings, compared to its 10-year average of 14, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. "We've come a long way very quickly so there's scope for a pullback, but overall the outlook for 2017 is relatively positive," said Jon Adams, senior investment strategist at BMO Global Asset Management. Bank stocks will stay in favour with investors as long as earnings reports in the coming week keep show an improving profit outlook while investors wait to see if Trump lives up to his campaign promises. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.69-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.34-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 31 new 52-week highs and three new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 126 new highs and 14 new lows. About 5.8 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, lower than the 6.4 billion average in the last 20 sessions. Tags  Wall Street Dow Jones Nasdaq S&P500 US Market Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Nasdaq hits record; bank earnings validate Wall Street rally See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Stock market prediction for January 16-20: Satish Gupta Asia lower, Chinese markets down more than 1% in early trade DCB Bank Q3 net up 25 pc to Rs 51 crore Bull's Eye: Buy Divis Lab, Havells, JK Tyre, NOCIL; sell Titan Haryana power utilities giving digital payment a push Petrol price up by 42 paisa/litre, diesel by Rs 1.03 a litre NSE to interview candidates for CEO this week South Korea still assessing whether to arrest Samsung chief Delivery of 2 A320neo planes to Air India delayed See all Video of the day India expensive at current levels; like durables, banks: CLSA Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships News & Politics How Trump Could Kill Obama's Plan to Get You Overtime Pay A rule that could get overtime pay for four million workers is in limbo, and Trump will help decide whether it survives. By Justin Elliott / ProPublica January 13, 2017 Print Comments Photo Credit: POD / Flickr Donald Trump ran for president as the billionaire who would champion working people. As the president-elect put it in one of the major economic speeches of his campaign: "Too many of our leaders have forgotten that it's their duty to protect the jobs, wages and well-being of American workers before any other consideration." One of the first tests of Trump's pledge to help workers will come in how his administration handles the complicated rules that govern who has the right to time-and-a-half overtime pay. Business groups and Republican state attorneys general sued to stop an Obama administration rule that would expand who gets overtime pay. A federal court temporarily blocked the rule in November. Now the Trump administration will decide whether to continue defending the rule in court. At stake is the possibility of overtime pay for about 4 million workers around the country. To get a sense of how big a deal that is: The still-sketchy deal to save factory jobs at a Carrier plant in Indiana — the subject of numerous Trump tweets and extensive media coverage — affected 1,000 or fewer workers. Here's how overtime works now Most employees in the country have the legal right to time-and-a-half overtime pay if they work more than 40 hours in a week. But there's a major exception to that: white-collar workers. So who qualifies as a white-collar worker? The government has a test for that. To be considered a white-collar worker who does not qualify for overtime pay: You have to be paid a salary and not by the hour. You have to make more than $455 per week — the equivalent of $23,660 per year. And you have to work in certain types of jobs, including executive, administrative or professional positions. That has nothing to do with your title, but rather is defined by the nature of your job. For example, executive employees have to, among other things, supervise other workers. Here are more details on how it all works. Labor advocates say some employers have been playing games with who is considered a white-collar worker. There have been a series of lawsuits and settlements outlining how, for example, the dollar store industry classifies employees as managers to avoid paying overtime. Some workers classified as managers spent much of their time doing the same manual labor as their subordinates. Halliburton in 2015 agreed to pay $18 million in back wages for overtime to about 1,000 employees who worked as pipe recovery specialists and drilling advisers, among other jobs. The company acknowledged it had improperly classified those workers as exempt from the overtime rules. Walmart paid a $4.8 million settlement in 2012 for not paying security guards and other employees overtime they were due. The Obama administration argues that the current overtime salary threshold, which was last raised in 2004 and has been eroded by inflation, is outdated. According to the Department of Labor, in 1975, 62 percent of full-time salaried workers were eligible for overtime based on their pay. That compares to just 7 percent today. The Obama rule would make another 4 million people eligible for overtime The most important change made by the Obama administration was raising the salary threshold below which you generally have the right to overtime pay, regardless of your job duties. The new level — which is currently on hold because of the pending lawsuit — is $913 per week, or $47,476 per year. That's double the old standard of $23,660 per year. The Department of Labor has calculated that the new rule could benefit 4.2 million workers around the country. The affected workers would either start getting overtime for any time worked over 40 hours a week, or their salaries would have to be increased above the new threshold. Business groups opposing the rule, most prominently the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, argued that "the salary threshold is going to result in significant new labor costs and cause many disruptions in how work gets done" including by reducing "workplace flexibility, remote electronic access to work, and opportunities for career advancement." Some employers, acting on the expectation that the rule would go into effect, have already raised salaries. The biggest name on the list is Walmart, which bumped starting pay for some managers from $45,000 to $48,500 in order to exempt them from overtime pay. Politico reported that other employers that had promised pay increases, including several universities, have now cancelled the raises in light of the uncertainty around whether the rule will actually go in effect. (Have you heard anything from your employer about overtime changes? Tell us about it.) Trump's pick for labor secretary has attacked the idea of expanding overtime, and the president-elect himself seems skeptical When Trump was asked about the rule in August, he spoke of "a delay or a carve-out of sorts for our small business owners." It's not clear from his comments that Trump actually knew the details of the pending Obama changes. The Trump transition team didn't response to a request for comment. The Department of Justice also declined to comment about what could happen in the lawsuit after Jan. 20. Andrew Puzder, Trump's pick to be secretary of labor and the CEO of a fast-food company, has spoken out strongly against the overtime rule. In a 2014 Wall Street Journal op-ed, Puzder warned against "rewarding time spent rather than time well spent." "What they lose in overtime pay they gain in the stature and sense of accomplishment that comes from being a salaried manager," Puzder said of workers trying to climb the management ladder. The fate of the rule depends on how things play out in a lawsuit that will drag on past the inauguration In September, business groups including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce along with 21 states sued to block the new overtime rule. In late November, a federal judge in Texas temporarily blocked the rule from going into effect, which was supposed to happen Dec. 1. The judge also signaled he is likely to eventually side with the business groups, though it's not clear when that ruling will come. As of right now, the case is proceeding on two fronts, in both the district court and appeals court. The only thing that's known for sure is the litigation will continue past Jan. 20. At that point, the Trump administration could decide to stop defending the rule or not to appeal any judgment against it. Fearing that outcome, the AFL-CIO is trying to intervene in the case, hoping to continue defending the new rule if the Trump administration drops it. The district court hasn't yet ruled on that motion. ProPublica is a Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative newsroom. Sign up for their newsletter.                           Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Stay Ahead of the Rest Sign Up for AlterNet's Daily Newsletter EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Rights & Liberties Education Drugs Economy Environment Labor Food World Politics Investigation Personal Health Water Media Stay Ahead of the Rest Sign Up for AlterNet's Daily Newsletter + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Rights & Liberties Education Drugs Economy Environment Labor Food World Politics Investigation Personal Health Water Media Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg Activist Files Federal Suit to Declare Electoral College Unconstitutional Under Slavery Ending Amendments Steven Rosenfeld / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 01/13/2017 - 10:48 Elizabeth Warren Chews Up Trump's Labor Pick in Front of His Fast-Food Employees Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 01/13/2017 - 09:02 Jesse Jackson Gave Fox News Troll the Perfect Answer for Why Hillary Lost in Less Than 10 Seconds Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 01/13/2017 - 07:18 Robert Reich Speechless After Pundit Claims Trump Is Free to Be Corrupt Because He Won the Election Sarah K. Burris / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 01/13/2017 - 09:18 Trump Took Aim at a Civil Rights Hero, and the Public Fired Right Back Jacob Sugarman / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sat, 01/14/2017 - 07:53 5 Things You Can Do to Resist Trump Before Inauguration Day Ilana Novick / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 01/13/2017 - 09:01 How the 'Dossier' Hurts Trump Amanda Marcotte / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 01/13/2017 - 08:02 Alec Baldwin Brutally and Hilariously Mocks Trump's Press Conference on SNL Jenny Pierson / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 01/15/2017 - 07:08 Paul Krugman Dismantles Trump's Delusional Healthcare Plans Janet Allon / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 01/13/2017 - 06:47 Obamacare Saved My Dad's Life—and Then He Voted for Donald Trump Brett Beasley / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Sat, 01/14/2017 - 10:02 Today's Top Stories News & Politics Robert Reich: 6 Reasons the Border Wall Is One of Trump's Dumbest Proposals Activism Chicago Police Assaulted Children, Got Away With Murders: DOJ Report Echoes What Residents Have Long Known News & Politics Filmmaker Michael Moore Organizing Pre-Inauguration Rally Books Why Bernie Sanders Came Up Short—and How That Lesson Can Fuel Future Progressive Victories Video Alec Baldwin Brutally and Hilariously Mocks Trump's Press Conference on SNL Activism Dear Men: Here Is Your Engraved Invitation to Join the Women's March on Washington News & Politics So Far, 18 Elected Democrats Say They Will Resist the Trump Regime by Boycotting the Inauguration The Right Wing 6 of Donald Trump's Most Appalling Moments This Week News & Politics Michael Moore Backs up John Lewis With 6 Reasons Trump Is an 'Illegitimate President' LGBTQ Trump's Agenda Is a Threat to Protections the LGBTQ Community Has Spent Decades Fighting For The Right Wing Trump Invited Notorious Anti-Muslim, Anti-Gay Rev. to Pray at Inauguration News & Politics John Lewis Is a True American Profile in Courage News & Politics Donald Trump Really Means What He Says—and Plans to Silence and Intimidate Dissenters World Why Trump Is All but Certain to Create a New Major Crisis in the Middle East Drugs Scientists Release Definitive Study: Marijuana Is a Medicine Personal Health Why Older Couch Potatoes Might Want to Radically Rethink Their Lifestyles Grayzone Project Meet Cory Booker's Top Donor: A Right-Wing, Islamophobic, Pro-Israel Outfit That Backs Trump’s Extremist Agenda Education Trump's Team Is a Major Threat to Public Schools News & Politics WATCH: Cops Violently Arrest Black Man Suspected of Stealing Car—That Turns out to Be His Own Culture Does Your Smartphone Make You Less Likely to Trust Others? News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals Questions and Conflicts Surround GOP Mega-Donor Who May Become Our Next Education Secretary Chicago Police Assaulted Children, Got Away With Murders: DOJ Report Echoes What Residents Have Long Known 6 of Donald Trump's Most Appalling Moments This Week ◀ Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Login
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article 5 Ways To Position For 2017's Biggest Tech Trends Investors are putting their money on these trends Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 13 Ways to Increase Your 401k Get a step up on your retirement savings My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Nasdaq Hits New High as Dow Jones Industrial Average Lags January 13, 2017, 04:32:14 PM EDT By Kirra Fedyszyn, Schaeffer's Research Shutterstock photo Bank stocks boosted the broader stock market following well-received earnings reports, but it wasn't enough to keep the  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) afloat. In fact, the Dow erased its midday gains, putting the 20,000 mark further in the rearview mirror ahead of the long holiday weekend. Still, the S&P 500 Index (SPX) managed to stay in positive territory all day, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (COMP) resumed its recent trend , rallying to yet another all-time intraday peak -- and snagging a new record closing high, as well. Continue reading for more on today's market, including: 2 sentiment surveys hinting at high hopes for stocks.  Why JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s ( JPM ) post-earnings rally to record highs could have legs. The technical level that could spell trouble for this soaring oil stock . Plus ... Another sliding retailer, a big options bet on one soaring biotech, and a look back at the week's Trump-related stock moves.  The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA - 19,885.73) ended the day down 5.3 points, or 0.03%. Wal-Mart Stores Inc ( WMT ) led 16 of 30 Dow components lower on a 1.2% drop, while Nike Inc ( NKE ) tracked 14 gainers, tacking on 1%. For the week, the blue-chip index slipped 0.4%. The  S&P 500 Index (SPX - 2,274.64)  added 4.2 points, or 0.2%, on the day, but lost 0.1% on the week. The  Nasdaq Composite (COMP - 5,574.12)  climbed 26.6 points, or 0.5%, for a record-high close. The tech-heavy index easily outperformed its peers, gaining nearly 1% for the week. The  CBOE Volatility Index (VIX - 11.23) slipped 0.3 point, or 2.7% -- its lowest close since July 16, 2014 -- and ended the week 0.8% lower. 5 Items on Our Radar Today Japan-based airbag maker Takata Corp. said it will plead guilty to criminal charges and pay a $1 billion settlement for misleading consumers, car manufacturers, and regulators over the safety issues surrounding defective products, which led to the largest vehicle recall in history. The company will also remain on probation for three years, and be subject to independent monitoring for compliance, but is expected to put itself up for sale this spring. ( Bloomberg ) Lockheed Martin Corporation ( LMT ) CEO Marillyn Hewson met with President-elect Donald Trump to discuss a deal that would lower the cost of the F-35 aircraft -- recently a target of Trump's criticism . Following the meeting, Hewson told reporters, "I certainly share his views that we need to get the best capability to our men and women in uniform, and we have to get it at the lowest possible price." ( Reuters ) The latest retail stock to crumble under holiday sales disappointment . Behind a 6-figure options bet on soaring Array Biopharma Inc ( ARRY ). Looking back on a week of Trump comments and stock moves . Data courtesy of Trade-Alert Commodities: Disappointing export data out of China weighed on oil prices , with February-dated crude futures slipping 64 cents, or 1.2%, to settle at $52.37 per barrel. The commodity also dropped 3% for the week -- its first weekly decline in five weeks. Stay on top of overnight news & big morning movers. Sign up now for Schaeffer's Opening View. The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , Options Referenced Symbols: JPM , WMT , NKE , LMT , ARRY More from Schaeffer's Research Subscribe Solid Start to Q4 Earnings Season JPMorgan (JPM) Beats Q4 Earnings on Robust Bond Trading AWS 1/13: Q4 Earnings Season: The Big Banks - JPM, BAC, WFC Related Options Articles Subscribe Citigroup reports Q4 earnings January 18 1/14/2017 07:54 AM Goldman Sachs reports Q4 numbers January 18 1/14/2017 07:53 AM American Express reports fourth-quarter numbers January 19 1/14/2017 07:52 AM Contributor: Schaeffer's Research Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Argentina sparks trade war by nationalizing YPF Eurozone risk grows as Spanish yields top 6 percent End of the euro as we know it End of a nuclear era in Japan helps push oil prices higher Mad Men 2.0: Advertising in the Digital Age Medical Marijuna, Inc. Investment AXIM(R) Biotech Receives Positive... Medical Marijuana, Inc. Subsidiary Kannaway® Announces Exclusive Red... TherapeuticsMD Announces Publication of Two Manuscripts on the... Rosenbaum Jay D. Buys Comcast Corp, Lowe's Companies Inc, The... The Pros and Cons Of Currency ETFs View All Highest Rated Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Charge Cards Charge Cards for Business EMV Smart Chips Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Home Improvement Rewards Credit Cards Instant Approval Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards No Foreign Transaction Fee Credit Cards Points Rewards Credit Cards Prepaid & Debit Cards Reward Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Top 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Bad Credit Credit Quality Average Credit Quality Excellent Credit Quality Fair Credit Quality Good Limited or No Credit History Personal Loans Barclaycard Capital One Capital One Cash Back Capital One Fair Credit Capital One Miles Capital One Points Capital One Prepaid Credit Cards Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover Discover Cashback Discover Miles Discover Student Credit Cards MasterCard Credit Cards U.S. Bank USAA USAA Savings Visa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced JPM 73% Rate It WMT 71% Rate It NKE 83% Rate It LMT 86% Rate It ARRY 100% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Where Is the Best Place to Stash Seed Money for a Future Small Business? Listener Peter expects that 20 or so years from now, he will be going into business for himself. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Jan 13, 2017 at 4:32PM In this video from the Motley Fool Answers podcast, Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp welcome Sean Gates to the show as they answer listener questions. For this question, the cast considers the case of a forward-thinking young tech worker who has his retirement savings locked down and is now looking ahead to his second career -- as a bar owner. Should he put the money he is saving for that dream into the stock market via a normal brokerage account or pay off his hefty (but low-interest) mortgage? A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Dec. 13, 2016. Alison Southwick: This question comes to us from Peter. Peter writes: "I'm a 24-year-old tech worker and my dream is to retire when I'm in my mid-40s and start an e-sports bar one day." He wants to know which option he should pursue. He's basically saying (I'm summarizing this a bit) that he contributes to his 401(k) up to the company match and he also maxes out his Roth IRA. But what he's wondering is if he should put an extra $360,000 per year into non-retirement accounts or if he should put that money against his capital of a 4% mortgage. So he says: "What are the best options if I want to start a bar? Are there any accounts that you can pull money out tax-free if you start a small business?" Robert Brokamp: This is an interesting question. The one thing I would say [is] when you are starting a business, when you pay off your loan, you lose a certain amount of liquidity. You've taken all this money that you had in a brokerage account, you paid off your loan, but now you don't have that money. If you're going to be starting a business, it would seem to me like having that liquidity is pretty important. He's young. He's thinking long term in terms of when he's actually going to need that money, so you'd think over the long term he could earn a return that's higher than his current mortgage. So I would lean toward keeping the mortgage and then investing the money. What do you think, Sean? Sean Gates: Yes, and you're a brother of a different mother, I think, because I have similar goals. I don't have the e-sports thing down, but ... Southwick: Ooh! What do you want to open up? Gates: Well, I just want to be a bum and travel the world. Southwick: Just do nothing? Gates: But, yeah, Bro's point is spot-on in terms of loss of liquidity. I would say it's very clear that in this case you would want to save that money in a taxable brokerage account on the side, and invest that money for this future goal. If you pay down your mortgage, that's locked up. Who's to say that another financial crisis happens and the value of your home goes down and then you're upside down. Actually, I guess he wouldn't be upside down at that point, because he'd be paid off. But the loss of the value of your house. Anyway, I think in this case save the money. Don't pay off the mortgage. Brokamp: And this is a case that I think he could not use a self-directed IRA. Like you couldn't use it to buy your own bar that you are then working in, or could you? Gates: I think in this case you can... Brokamp: You can... Gates: ... because it's an enterprise, and you could set it up like a limited liability corporation, or something, where he got shares in the bar ... Brokamp: Got it. And one of the things that he's clearly worried about is if you take the money out of your retirement accounts before you're age 59 1/2, you could pay taxes and a 10% penalty. But there are, actually, many ways to get around that. It can be for a qualified first-time home purchase. It could be for qualified higher education expenses. These are different, by the way, if it's a 401(k) or an IRA, so you've got to know the rules. But there's also something called "substantially equal periodic payments," which is very complicated. Look into it, though. It is a way for people who are younger than 59 1/2 to get money out of their retirement accounts and not pay that penalty. Gates: And I think a lot of people get trapped in trying to figure out what type of account to save in. A 529 is for education. A 401(k) you max out for the match, and that's for retirement. Is there a business account? When there is just a brokerage account which is a catchall, and it's available at any time, it's a great resource to go to if you have extra money saved there. Because, as you said, it's liquid and there are no penalties associated with it when trying to get it out for the goal that you haven't associated with it. If it's for education, you have to pull it out for education. This account can be for anything. Brokamp: You just want to watch the tax consequences of what you invest in. Maybe favor stocks that don't pay dividends over the stocks that do. Don't do a lot of day trading or short-term trading. Buy a good solid company that doesn't pay a dividend you can hold onto for many years, and you basically don't pay any taxes until you sell. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Jan 13, 2017 at 4:32PM Investment Planning Read More Can You Cut $4,500 From Your 2017 Tax Bill? Social Security: Would Trump Veto a Republican Retirement-Age Hike? Which Is Better: Lump Sum Payment vs. Defined Benefit Pension? 4 Smart 401(k) Moves You Can Make in 2017 How Do You Calculate Investment Returns When You Keep Adding Principal? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Where Is the Best Place to Stash Seed Money for a Future Small Business? #stocks
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Nasdaq hits record; bank earnings validate Wall St. rally By Noel Randewich ReutersJanuary 14, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share By Noel Randewich (Reuters) - An increase in Facebook pushed the Nasdaq to a record high on Friday and the S&P 500 also rose after major U.S. banks kicked off the fourth-quarter earnings season with strong results. Wall Street has surged since President-elect Donald Trump's unexpected election victory on optimism he will cut corporate taxes, spend on infrastructure and deregulate banks. With stocks trading at price-to-earnings valuations well above historical averages, many investors believe further gains will depend on S&P 500 companies handing in strong report cards over the next several weeks. Major banks on Friday did not disappoint: Bank of America <BAC.N>, JPMorgan <JPM.N> and Wells Fargo <WFC.N> all posted quarterly profits above analysts' expectations. They also expressed optimism about 2017 in their first public comments about earnings since Trump won the election in November. Their shares surged over 2 percent but later gave up most of those gains. Wells Fargo ended 1.36 percent higher and JPMorgan added 0.53 percent. The S&P financial sector has jumped about 17 percent since the election, far outpacing the S&P 500's 6-percent rise. "Earnings are key going forward, and we're off to a decent start," said Mike Baele, managing director with the Private Client Reserve of U.S. Bank in Portland, Oregon. The Dow dipped marginally, with Wal-Mart Stores <WMT.N> and other consumer stocks down after a report showed U.S. retail sales and core retail sales increased less than expected in December. Trading volumes were light, with financial markets closed on Monday for Martin Luther King Jr. Day. The Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 0.48 percent to a record-high close of 5,574.12, bringing its gain so far this year to 3.55 percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> slipped 0.03 percent to 19,885.73, while the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 0.18 percent to 2,274.64. For the week, the Dow fell 0.4 percent, the S&P 500 shed 0.1 percent and the Nasdaq gained 1 percent. The biggest boost to the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq on Friday was provided by Facebook <FB.O>, which jumped 1.36 percent after Raymond James upgraded the stock. The combined profit of S&P 500 companies is expected to have risen 6.2 percent in the fourth quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The S&P 500 is trading at 17 times expected earnings, compared to its 10-year average of 14, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. "We've come a long way very quickly so there's scope for a pullback, but overall the outlook for 2017 is relatively positive," said Jon Adams, senior investment strategist at BMO Global Asset Management. Bank stocks will stay in favor with investors as long as earnings reports in the coming week keep show an improving profit outlook while investors wait to see if Trump lives up to his campaign promises. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.69-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.34-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 31 new 52-week highs and three new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 126 new highs and 14 new lows. About 5.8 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, lower than the 6.4 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Woman Abducted as a Baby Tearfully Pleads for Jailed Woman Who Raised Her 1594 messages5%57%38% 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Congress Members Join John Lewis in Boycott of Trump's Inauguration 47 messages5%59%36% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 1148 messages6%68%26% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 862 messages5%56%39% Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Protesters Take to the Streets Across the Country 13 messages15%62%23% Man Who Shot Wife Claimed She Killed Herself Over Body Image Issues 45 messages3%69%28% Did Packers get away with holding on Aaron Rodgers' game-saving throw? 96 messages5%76%19% Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Aaron Rodgers has more magic, as Packers pull out a dramatic win over Cowboys 700 messages9%72%19% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% Heartbreaking and Joyful Reunion for 18-Year-Old Kamiyah 3 messages0%67%33% How A Serial Killer Won 'The Dating Game' Trend ChaserSponsored Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 290 messages6%70%24% ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1500 messages6%68%26% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ Bryan: I find it funny that people keep talking about what Trump won't be able to do when they've already been proven wrong so many times. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.1k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
About us Membership Contact us Mon January 16, 2017 Home Society Economy Politics Sports Culture Multimedia By Bernie Sanders Bernie Sanders: We need serious talk on serious issues International January 14, 2017 In my view, the media spends too much time treating politics like a baseball game, a personality contest or a soap opera. We need to focus less on polls, fundraisers, gaffes and who's running for president in four years, and more on the very serious problems facing the American people -- problems which get relatively little discussion. There are a lot of important questions to talk about, including: How do we stop the movement toward oligarchy in our country in which the economic and political life of the United States is increasingly controlled by a handful of billionaires? Are we content with the grotesque level of income and wealth inequality that we are experiencing? Should the top one-tenth of 1 percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent? Should one family in this country, the Waltons of the Walmart retail chain, own as much as the bottom 40 percent of our people? Should 52 percent of all new income be going into the pockets of the top 1 percent? While the very rich become much richer, are we satisfied with having the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on earth? Can a worker really survive on the current federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour? How can a working-class family afford $15,000 a year for childcare? How can a senior citizen or a disabled veteran get by on $13,000 a year from Social Security? Political system What can be done about a political system in which the very rich are able to spend unlimited sums of money to elect candidates who represent their interests? Is that really what democracy is about? Why, in the year 2017, do we still have state governments trying to suppress the vote and make it harder for poor people, young people and people of color to participate in the political process? Our nation's infrastructure is collapsing and the American people know it. Why is the richest country in the history of the world the only major country not to provide health care to all as a right, despite spending much more per capita? Why are we one of the very few countries on earth not to provide paid family and medical leave? With the five major drug companies making over $50 billion in profits last year, why do we end up paying, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs? How do we succeed in a competitive global economy if we do not have the best educated workforce in the world? And how can we have that quality workforce if so many of our young people are unable to afford higher education or leave school deeply in debt? Not so many years ago, we had the highest percentage of college graduates in the world. Now we don't even rank in the top ten. What can we do to make sure that every American, regardless of income, gets all of the education he or she needs? Meanwhile, on climate change, the debate is over. The scientific community is virtually unanimous in telling us that climate change is real, is caused by human activity and is already doing devastating harm to our country and the entire world. How do we transform our energy system away from fossil fuel and into energy efficiency and sustainable energy while protecting those workers who might lose their jobs as a result of the transition? This is no small issue. The future of the planet is at stake. We are now spending $80 billion a year to imprison 2.2 million Americans, who are disproportionately African-American, Latino and Native American. We have more people in jail than any other country on earth, including China, which is home to four times as many people. How do we reform a broken criminal justice system? How do we create jobs and educational opportunity for young people, not more jails and incarceration? Undocumented people We must create a path for the 11 million undocumented people in our country to become lawful permanent residents and eventually citizens.  How can we move our nation toward common sense, humane and comprehensive immigration reform and by doing that help reverse the decline of our middle class and better prepare the United States to compete in the global economy? At a time when our roads, bridges, water systems, rail and airports, levees, dams, schools and housing stock are decaying, the most effective way to rapidly create meaningful jobs is to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. How can we work together to make that happen? These are the issues that need to be talked about all over the country. I thank CNN for allowing us to have a serious discussion about serious issues. (Source: CNN) Tags american people political system United States Leave a Comment Name Email Your Message * Please enter the correct answer 3 + 10 = Latest 12744 Rouhani calls for strong ties with Albania Iran: Banking bottleneck still ahead  Interpol arrests key player involved in oil corruption case Nation deserves much better administration: senior female principlist Rouhani to hold press briefing on JCPOA anniversary Nation observes 7th day service for Rafsanjani  Don't miss Female motorcycle racer takes the road less travelled Siberian swans wing their way to paddy fields of northern Iran What Trump needs to know about Iran Shahsavan nomads, inhabitants of green pastures in northwestern Iran Rafsanjani and his political legacy  Top About us Membership Contact us Home Society Economy Politics Sports Culture Multimedia Copyright 2016. Tehran Times Daily Newspaper All rights reserved. Developed by: Nastooh Designed by: Pixel Studio
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 14 January 2017 | MYT 8:43 AM Nasdaq hits record; bank earnings validate Wall St rally NEW YORK: An increase in Facebook pushed the Nasdaq to a record high on Friday and the S&P 500 also rose after major U.S. banks kicked off the fourth-quarter earnings season with strong results. Wall Street has surged since President-elect Donald Trump's unexpected election victory on optimism he will cut corporate taxes, spend on infrastructure and deregulate banks. With stocks trading at price-to-earnings valuations well above historical averages, many investors believe further gains will depend on S&P 500 companies handing in strong report cards over the next several weeks. Major banks on Friday did not disappoint: Bank of America , JPMorgan and Wells Fargo all posted quarterly profits above analysts' expectations. They also expressed optimism about 2017 in their first public comments about earnings since Trump won the election in November. Their shares surged over 2 percent but later gave up most of those gains. Wells Fargo ended 1.36 percent higher and JPMorgan added 0.53 percent. The S&P financial sector has jumped about 17 percent since the election, far outpacing the S&P 500's 6-percent rise. "Earnings are key going forward, and we're off to a decent start," said Mike Baele, managing director with the Private Client Reserve of U.S. Bank in Portland, Oregon. The Dow dipped marginally, with Wal-Mart Stores and other consumer stocks down after a report showed U.S. retail sales and core retail sales increased less than expected in December. Trading volumes were light, with financial markets closed on Monday for Martin Luther King Jr. Day. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.48 percent to a record-high close of 5,574.12, bringing its gain so far this year to 3.55 percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 0.03 percent to 19,885.73, while the S&P 500 gained 0.18 percent to 2,274.64. For the week, the Dow fell 0.4 percent, the S&P 500 shed 0.1 percent and the Nasdaq gained 1 percent. The biggest boost to the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq on Friday was provided by Facebook, which jumped 1.36 percent after Raymond James upgraded the stock. The combined profit of S&P 500 companies is expected to have risen 6.2 percent in the fourth quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The S&P 500 is trading at 17 times expected earnings, compared to its 10-year average of 14, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. "We've come a long way very quickly so there's scope for a pullback, but overall the outlook for 2017 is relatively positive," said Jon Adams, senior investment strategist at BMO Global Asset Management. Bank stocks will stay in favor with investors as long as earnings reports in the coming week keep show an improving profit outlook while investors wait to see if Trump lives up to his campaign promises. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.69-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.34-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 31 new 52-week highs and three new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 126 new highs and 14 new lows. About 5.8 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, lower than the 6.4 billion average in the last 20 sessions. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Markets You May Be Interested Boosting women's libido Glass discards now included in waste separation law Better rates via online forex services Paying high interest rates for personal loans Purple should be your favourite CNY colour Chinese herb Dang Shen helps to boost strength Others Also Read PCs on the rise Cockscomb plant all the rage now Do we really need to fear China money? Property Related advertisement Latest News Foreign funds net buyers in week ended Jan 13 Foreigners make comeback on Bursa Cautious start for Bursa early Monday, ringgit dips Samsung Elec probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires Only World Group slides early Monday on outlets closure Most Viewed in Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Hong Kong airline Cathay plans job cuts, fewer flights Samsung Elec probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires Paying high interest rates for personal loans Firefly reduces fleet operating from Subang Khazanah: MAS is operationally profitable TDM demerger plan Better rates via online forex services US dollar correction may boost ringgit rebound IHH confident of battling Turkish lira volatility advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance US STOCKS-Nasdaq hits record; bank earnings validate Wall St rally US STOCKS-Nasdaq hits record; bank earnings validate Wall St rally Source : Last Updated: Sat, Jan 14, 2017 03:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print * BofA, Wells Fargo, JPMorgan post profit above estimates * Consumer stocks drop as Dec. retail sales fall short * Facebook jumps on upgrade, pushes Nasdaq to record * Indexes end: Dow -0.03 pct, S&P +0.18 pct, Nasdaq +0.48 pct (Updates to close) By Noel Randewich Jan 13 (Reuters) - An increase in Facebook pushed the Nasdaq to a record high on Friday, and the S&P 500 also rose after major U.S. banks kicked off the fourth-quarter earnings season with strong results. Wall Street has surged since President-elect Trump's unexpected election victory on optimism he will cut corporate taxes, spend on infrastructure and deregulate banks. With stocks trading at price-to-earnings valuations well above historical averages, many investors believe further gains will depend on S&P 500 companies handing in strong report cards over the next several weeks. Major banks on Friday did not disappoint: Bank of America , JPMorgan and Wells Fargo all posted quarterly profits above analysts' expectations. They also expressed optimism about 2017 in their first public comments about earnings since Trump won the election in November. Their shares surged over 2 percent but later gave up most of those gains. Wells Fargo ended 1.36-percent higher and JPMorgan added 0.53 percent. The S&P financial sector has jumped about 17 percent since the election, far outpacing the S&P 500's 6-percent rise. "Earnings are key going forward, and we're off to a decent start," said Mike Baele, managing director with the Private Client Reserve of U.S. Bank in Portland, Oregon. The Dow dipped marginally, with Wal-Mart Stores and other consumer stocks down after a report showed U.S. retail sales and core retail sales increased less than expected in December. Trading volumes were light, with financial markets closed on Monday for Martin Luther King Jr. Day. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.48 percent to a record-high close of 5,574.12 points, bringing its gain so far this year to 3.55 percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 0.03 percent to 19,885.73 points, while the S&P 500 gained 0.18 percent to 2,274.64. For the week, the Dow fell 0.4 percent, the S&P 500 shed 0.1 percent and the Nasdaq gained 1 percent. The biggest boost to the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq on Friday was provided by Facebook, which jumped 1.36 percent after Raymond James upgraded the stock. The combined profit of S&P 500 companies is expected to have risen 6.2 percent in the fourth quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The S&P 500 is trading at 17 times expected earnings, compared to its 10-year average of 14 times expected earnings, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. "We've come a long way very quickly so there's scope for a pullback, but overall the outlook for 2017 is relatively positive," said Jon Adams, senior investment strategist at BMO Global Asset Management. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.69-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.34-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 31 new 52-week highs and 3 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 126 new highs and 14 new lows. About 5.8 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, lower than the 6.4 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Nick Zieminski) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 26820.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27170.00 (0.93%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 26900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 26290.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 25850.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26250.00 (0.57%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 26920.00 (0.37%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search L.L. Bean ‘Rebel’ Linda Bean Says Anti-Trump Boycott Could Kill Jobs ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More L.L. Bean ‘Rebel’ Linda Bean Says Anti-Trump Boycott Could Kill Jobs By Julia Limitone Published January 13, 2017 Business Leaders Facebook Twitter Comments Print video Linda Bean on fallout from boycott L.L. Bean Board Member and Co-Owner Linda Bean on the brand being boycotted after she contributed money to the Trump campaign. Linda Bean, granddaughter of L.L. Bean’s founder, on Friday said anti-Trump boycotts are part of a larger plan—to kill jobs. Continue Reading Below “It’s the bullies who want to go after, basically, our jobs,” she told the FOX Business Network’s Stuart Varney. “I believe it’s just a smokescreen because the effect of a boycott is to kill jobs – boycotts and bullies kill jobs.” Grabyourwallet.org recently called for a boycott of L.L. Bean (and 38 other stores including Walmart, Macy’s and Bloomingdales), because Bean contributed $60,000 to a political action committee supporting President-elect Donald Trump. The Federal Election Commission said the donation exceeded the PAC’s individual donor limit of $5,000. But Bean says the company shouldn’t take heat for her political affiliations. “It was not the company donation. It was my personal donation and the company itself stays politically neutral,” she said. She noted that L.L. Bean has a “no endorsing” candidate policy. The president elect thanked Linda for her support in a Tweet on Thursday. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaine— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 12, 2017 When asked if she would do it again, Bean said: “Absolutely, I look at it as an opportunity.” She added, “Every one of these setbacks gives you an opportunity to say how great America is. How great it is to be free to vote for your own candidate and set the record straight.” More on this... Linda Bean Calls Boycott ‘Un-American,’ Trump Says Thank You in Tweet Bean also discussed what it’s like to be a conservative in the business world.  “You know there are not many people who are in the upper-echelons of business—private enterprise, who are Trump supporters,” said FBN’s Varney. “That is an elite group and the elites largely are for the left. Am I right there?” “Well it’s a strange paradox because look at what’s happened [with] the stock market,” she replied. “Those are the guys that are probably right there. Are they saying one thing and putting their money in another place?” “But you are an exception,” Varney responded. “Most people in the executive suite, I think, I’m told are for the left, not specifically [and] desperately for Donald Trump. You’re an exception to the rule.” “I’ve always been maybe a little bit of a rebel,” answered Bean. More From FOXBusiness.com This App Can Alert You When Trump Tweets About a Stock Giuliani: Our Cyber Security Defense has to Catch up to Our Offense Small Biz Owner Posts Message to Liberals, Bruce Springsteen What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
How Trump Could Kill a Plan to Get You Overtime Pay - Eagle Pass Business Journal Home About News Sports Videos Photo Galleries EPBJ Awards Contact How Trump Could Kill a Plan to Get You Overtime Pay by Justin Elliott, ProPublica Donald Trump ran for president as the billionaire who would champion working people. As the president-elect put it in one of the major economic speeches of his campaign: “Too many of our leaders have forgotten that it’s their duty to protect the jobs, wages and well-being of American workers before any other consideration.” One of the first tests of Trump’s pledge to help workers will come in how his administration handles the complicated rules that govern who has the right to time-and-a-half overtime pay. Business groups and Republican state attorneys general sued to stop an Obama administration rule that would expand who gets overtime pay. A federal court temporarily blocked the rule in November. Now the Trump administration will decide whether to continue defending the rule in court. At stake is the possibility of overtime pay for about 4 million workers around the country. To get a sense of how big a deal that is: The still-sketchy deal to save factory jobs at a Carrier plant in Indiana — the subject of numerous Trump tweets and extensive media coverage — affected 1,000 or fewer workers. Here’s how overtime works now Most employees in the country have the legal right to time-and-a-half overtime pay if they work more than 40 hours in a week. But there’s a major exception to that: white-collar workers. So who qualifies as a white-collar worker? The government has a test for that. To be considered a white-collar worker who does not qualify for overtime pay: You have to be paid a salary and not by the hour. You have to make more than $455 per week — the equivalent of $23,660 per year. And you have to work in certain types of jobs, including executive, administrative or professional positions. That has nothing to do with your title, but rather is defined by the nature of your job. For example, executive employees have to, among other things, supervise other workers. Here are more details on how it all works. Labor advocates say some employers have been playing games with who is considered a white-collar worker. There have been a series of lawsuits and settlements outlining how, for example, the dollar store industry classifies employees as managers to avoid paying overtime. Some workers classified as managers spent much of their time doing the same manual labor as their subordinates. Halliburton in 2015 agreed to pay $18 million in back wages for overtime to about 1,000 employees who worked as pipe recovery specialists and drilling advisers, among other jobs. The company acknowledged it had improperly classified those workers as exempt from the overtime rules. Walmart paid a $4.8 million settlement in 2012 for not paying security guards and other employees overtime they were due. The Obama administration argues that the current overtime salary threshold, which was last raised in 2004 and has been eroded by inflation, is outdated. According to the Department of Labor, in 1975, 62 percent of full-time salaried workers were eligible for overtime based on their pay. That compares to just 7 percent today. The Obama rule would make another 4 million people eligible for overtime The most important change made by the Obama administration was raising the salary threshold below which you generally have the right to overtime pay, regardless of your job duties. The new level — which is currently on hold because of the pending lawsuit — is $913 per week, or $47,476 per year. That’s double the old standard of $23,660 per year. The Department of Labor has calculated that the new rule could benefit 4.2 million workers around the country. The affected workers would either start getting overtime for any time worked over 40 hours a week, or their salaries would have to be increased above the new threshold. Business groups opposing the rule, most prominently the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, argued that “the salary threshold is going to result in significant new labor costs and cause many disruptions in how work gets done” including by reducing “workplace flexibility, remote electronic access to work, and opportunities for career advancement.” Some employers, acting on the expectation that the rule would go into effect, have already raised salaries. The biggest name on the list is Walmart, which bumped starting pay for some managers from $45,000 to $48,500 in order to exempt them from overtime pay. Politico reported that other employers that had promised pay increases, including several universities, have now cancelled the raises in light of the uncertainty around whether the rule will actually go in effect. (Have you heard anything from your employer about overtime changes? Tell us about it.) Trump’s pick for labor secretary has attacked the idea of expanding overtime, and the president-elect himself seems skeptical When Trump was asked about the rule in August, he spoke of “a delay or a carve-out of sorts for our small business owners.” It’s not clear from his comments that Trump actually knew the details of the pending Obama changes. The Trump transition team didn’t response to a request for comment. The Department of Justice also declined to comment about what could happen in the lawsuit after Jan. 20. Andrew Puzder, Trump’s pick to be secretary of labor and the CEO of a fast-food company, has spoken out strongly against the overtime rule. In a 2014 Wall Street Journal op-ed, Puzder warned against “rewarding time spent rather than time well spent.” “What they lose in overtime pay they gain in the stature and sense of accomplishment that comes from being a salaried manager,” Puzder said of workers trying to climb the management ladder. The fate of the rule depends on how things play out in a lawsuit that will drag on past the inauguration In September, business groups including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce along with 21 states sued to block the new overtime rule. In late November, a federal judge in Texas temporarily blocked the rule from going into effect, which was supposed to happen Dec. 1. The judge also signaled he is likely to eventually side with the business groups, though it’s not clear when that ruling will come. As of right now, the case is proceeding on two fronts, in both the district court and appeals court. The only thing that’s known for sure is the litigation will continue past Jan. 20. At that point, the Trump administration could decide to stop defending the rule or not to appeal any judgment against it. Fearing that outcome, the AFL-CIO is trying to intervene in the case, hoping to continue defending the new rule if the Trump administration drops it. The district court hasn’t yet ruled on that motion. https://www.propublica.org/article/how-trump-could-kill-a-plan-to-get-you-overtime-pay Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related January 13th, 2017 | News       Eagle Pass Business Journal Copyright | Privacy Policy Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Tools Solano News US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery Classifieds Commentary NewsFeed 10,194 219 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Letters to editor Stranded in Fairfield, treated like homeless trash By Letter to the Editor From page A8 | January 15, 2017 While driving in October from Sacramento to Campbell, my transmission went out in Cordelia. I was able to baby my car back to Fairfield. I went to a shop on Holiday Lane. I felt comfortable due to having Motel 6 close by. It took three days to get an estimate. We had enough to get a room for five days. When I found the repair cost was more than the value of the car, I decided to donate the car. I went to the bank and withdrew enough to buy a car that I found on Facebook. I met the seller at Walmart where he pulled a gun on me and took every penny. I flagged down one of your highly professional police officers, who refused any assistance other than a very strong lecture of the dangers and risks of using Craigslist. We then became stranded, sleeping in my old car in the old Orchard Supply Hardware parking lot. On our eighth day I made arrangements for a replacement automobile, which I picked up that day. Your homeless officer came by on the morning of the eighth day. He was extremely courteous and helpful, he understood the situation and told me to contact him the next morning if I ran into any problems. That night another officer came by threatening to tow my car and arrest us if we didn’t leave. He claimed they had complaints of us harassing people in that lot; he claimed businesses had called. I questioned people at every store: Nobody called. A person at one of the stores told us that this officer hates homeless and is constantly moving them on. Only thing is I am not homeless and his words showed me how little some of your officers care. I was a frequent visitor to your city, but not anymore. I am 58 years old and was returning from medical treatment at the University of California, Davis, which I do every two weeks. I do not stop in Fairfield for any reason. I really hope that officer’s wife, mother or daughter doesn’t become stranded: He might be a little more sympathetic to the situation. Rachelle Gregory Campbell Letter to the Editor Story Archive LEAVE A COMMENT Leave a Reply Cancel reply Discussion | 13 comments The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. JagJanuary 13, 2017 - 3:52 pm Fake news. sorry Rachelle I am not buying your storyReply | Report abusive comment Mr. PracticalJanuary 13, 2017 - 4:59 pm Yeah, somethings wrong. She claims to live in Campbell and that she isn't homeless. When the car broke down, it would have been cheaper to Uber herself back to Campbell, rather than stay at Motel 6. Motel 6 is about $60 a night, plus sales and hotel taxes. This makes no sense.Reply | Report abusive comment pcmcJanuary 13, 2017 - 5:48 pm What an eventful 8 days in Fairfield. Did she get the name of the 2nd officer who wanted to have her car towed at OSH. Walmart has excellent security cameras in the parking lot. I don't remember hearing/reading about a gunman robbing a woman in October 2016 over a car sales transaction gone awry. Which is it: Facebook or Craigslist where she found her new car.Reply | Report abusive comment ResidentJanuary 13, 2017 - 6:00 pm Moral of the story. Get a AAA membership.Reply | Report abusive comment JagJanuary 13, 2017 - 6:26 pm LOLReply | Report abusive comment Lake ReynoldsJanuary 15, 2017 - 5:08 am Fake news. I work at Walmart and no one asked for video to be pulled. We have great police officers and they would never not take a report for a felony armed robbery.Reply | Report abusive comment Rick WoodJanuary 15, 2017 - 6:57 am DR: Instead of running this potentially defamatory letter, why not try to run down the story?Reply | Report abusive comment Just a thoughtJanuary 15, 2017 - 7:41 am Something seems fishy about the story. Why wouldn't you return home and buy a car there? If you live in Campbell you could take the train to San Jose. Also if you live in South Bay why travel all the way to Sacramento for medical treatment. There is UCSF which is closer if you need a research hospital.Reply | Report abusive comment watchingfromthebushesJanuary 15, 2017 - 7:56 am This is a lie. Fairfield police would never interfere with or attempt to impede illegal activity. Unless there was a grant, reward or photographer nearby.Reply | Report abusive comment Time for TruthJanuary 15, 2017 - 8:01 am And her three-legged dog who is blind in one eye answers to the name Lucky.Reply | Report abusive comment The truth hurts sometimesJanuary 15, 2017 - 8:54 am This does sound very made up, I thought they donated the car on day 3. But then drove it to the OSH parking lot?Reply | Report abusive comment GeezJanuary 15, 2017 - 10:56 am I hope it is a made up story because I would hate to think it was true. If indeed it is than Fairfield has a bigger problem than anyone wants to admit.Reply | Report abusive comment GJanuary 15, 2017 - 12:28 pm This story is worse than the houses in Chicago. Just shot full of holes. I wonder if that's even a real name.Reply | Report abusive comment Recent Articles Sports on TV for Monday-Tuesday, Jan. 16-17, 2017 King’s shift from dreamer to radical resonates for activists Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive This date in sports history for Jan. 16 The bald and the bold: Eagles’ resurgence comes at a price Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Ski report for Monday, Jan. 16, 2017 Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman John Lewis books sell out on Amazon day after Trump’s tweets Curry, Warriors ready for another Cavs rematch Cutest captain: Sea lion caught in fishing gear hops on boat Officer uses tourniquet to save motorcyclist with leg injury Owner of dog with severed leg may face criminal charges Officials: Unfilled border tunnels in Mexico a security risk Photos: Rush Ranch Wilderness Survival Course What you need to know now about the upcoming tax season Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Vietnam doc makes Ken Burns, Trent Reznor partners ‘Get Smart’ actor Dick Gautier dead at 85 ‘Hidden Figures’ keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service Home Seller 01-14-2017 Stars and Stripes 01-12-2017 Home Seller Stars and Stripes 01-05-2017 Coupons and More: Jan 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Home Seller 12-31-2016 Stars and Stripes 12-29-2016 Home Seller 12-24-2016 Stars and Stripes 12-22-2016 Home Seller 12-17-2016 Coupons and More: December 2016 Realtor’s Coloring Book 2016 Holiday Gift Guide 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Shop Local 2016 Local Cravings Menu Guide Breast Cancer Awareness 2016 Fall Home Improvement 2016 Fall Equinox 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Women Making a Difference 2016 Readers’ Choice 2016 Secrets of Success 2015 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesWin A Trip To The Crunchies In San Francisco Enter To Win Today Gaming Nintendo talks Switch launch titles, price point and lessons learned from the Wii U Hands-on with the Nintendo Switch We’re probably going to pre-order the Nintendo Switch so let’s just accept it Browse more... Nintendo Switch Crunch Report | Nintendo Switch Hits the Market on March 3 Nintendo talks Switch launch titles, price point and lessons learned from the Wii U Hands-on with the Nintendo Switch Browse more... Switch Crunch Report | Nintendo Switch Hits the Market on March 3 Nintendo talks Switch launch titles, price point and lessons learned from the Wii U Here’s how to pre-order the Nintendo Switch Browse more... Nintendo Crunch Report | Nintendo Switch Hits the Market on March 3 Nintendo talks Switch launch titles, price point and lessons learned from the Wii U Hands-on with the Nintendo Switch Browse more... Here’s what we know about the Nintendo Switch Posted Jan 13, 2017 by Brian Heater (@bheater) 0 SHARES Next Story Nintendo talks Switch launch titles, price point and lessons learned from the Wii U What? The Nintendo Switch, the convertible console formally known as the NX. The product walks the line between a home and portable console, courtesy of a docking tablet and a pair of detachable controllers that work in a number of different configurations. It also features out-of-the-box multiplayer functionality, connecting up to eight devices via Wi-Fi. How much? The U.S. MSRP for the system is $299. That’s a fairly high price point for a company like Nintendo that has found a lot of success undercutting the competition. It does put it in line with Wii U’s launch price, though that ultimately seemed like a misfire for the company, which cut the cost by $50 the following summer. When can I get one? If you missed the early availability at Target, Best Buy and Walmart — bad news, it seems to be sold out for now. It’s starting to feel like the NES Classic all over again. But hopefully Nintendo will have its ducks in a row by the time the system launches for real at retail on March 3. And according to Darrell, you don’t really have a choice in the matter. What’s in the box? The system is launching with two SKUs here in the States — but the contents are essentially the same, the only distinction being the color of the Joy-Con — in one configuration they’re dark gray (matching the rest of the system), in another, a more colorful, Mario-themed blue and red. #NintendoSwitch arrives on March 3. Here’s what’s in the box. pic.twitter.com/ZGiz0y5QKd — Nintendo of America (@NintendoAmerica) January 13, 2017 Here’s what you get for your hard-earned cash: 1 Nintendo Switch Console (i.e. the tablet) 1 Dock 2 Joy-Con controllers (left and right) 1 Adapter 1 Joy-Con Grip 1 HDMI cable 2 Joy-Con straps 0 Games What games will be available at launch? There will only be two Nintendo-developed games at launch: the long-awaited new Zelda game, Breath of the Wild and 1-2 Switch (apparently initially intended as a Wii U title), a brand new title that’s actually a collection of mini-games designed to showcase the system’s creative control scheme. Among the 1-2 Switch games is a dual-style shooting game, which, like the rest of its contents, is intended to be played with players facing toward one another, rather than the screen. Also available at launch are the third-party titles Skylanders Imaginators (Activision) and Just Dance 2017 (Ubisoft). Each offers its own interesting bit of gameplay; the former utilizing the series’ customary toys-to-life figures, the latter using full-body dance controls. Take a look at a sampling of titles for #NintendoSwitch from Nintendo and our third party partners coming this year with more on the way! pic.twitter.com/aYSizTQDsS — Nintendo of America (@NintendoAmerica) January 13, 2017 What’s coming? Nintendo of America President Reggie Fils-Aimé noted onstage in New York today that the company is working with 50 developers to bring around 80 titles to the console. For now, we’ve only seen a fraction of those announced, though many were on hand at today’s event. Here’s what we can expect in the March/spring time frame: Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Has Been Heroes I Am Setsuna Sonic Mania Lego City Undercover Arms Super Bomberman R Snipperclips: Cut it Out, Together! (This will be available as a download) Splatoon 2, NBA 2K18 and Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim will be available in the fall/summer and Super Mario Odyssey will arrive in time for the holidays. Games will run $60 a pop. Here are a bunch of trailers to tide you over. Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch img_7160 Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch  View Slideshow Previous Next Exit What about specs? I’m glad you asked. The console/tablet has a 6.2-inch 720p touchscreen. The resolution gets better when docked, outputting at 1080p on a screen through an HDMI connection. Inside, you’ll find a fairly anemic 32GB of storage, augmented via microSD cards and a custom NVIDIA Tegra processor. The battery estimates are pretty broad — between 2.5 and six hours as a portable console, game dependent. Zelda, for example, falls toward the lower end of the spectrum at around three hours. The Joy-Con controllers should last considerably longer as a standalone — at around 20 hours a piece. The system charges while docked or via the USB-C port on the go. What about getting online? The company will be launching an online subscription service akin to the Xbox One and PlayStation 4. It will be free at launch for a limited time, with an as of yet unannounced monthly fee kicking in during the fall. The company will be offering access to NES and Super Nintendo games via the service, with more content and features set to be announced in the future. Is it fun? Yeah, it’s pretty fun. Mario Kart is great. Did Nintendo learn its lessons from the Wii U? Yes and no. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Nintendo Founded 1889 Overview Nintendo is a Japanese multinational consumer electronics company that develops game consoles. The company is engaged in developing, manufacturing, and distributing desktop and portable consoles and other related hardware and software components. It also offers entertainment products such as Family Computer (NES), Super Famicom (SNES), Nintendo 64, Nintendo GameCube, Wii, and Wii U. Nintendo … Location Redmond, WA Categories Consumer Electronics, Video Games Website http://nintendo.com Full profile for Nintendo Switch Founded 2014 Overview Switch is a smart, addictively simple job hunting app that is reinventing the way you browse and find your next job. Powered by intelligent machine-learning algorithms, Switch recommends the best opportunities for your specific profile and interests, daily. On Switch, you can connect directly with hiring managers in real-time, without missing a beat. Switch is discreet, easy-to-use, and the most effective … Location New York, NY Categories Recruiting, Human Resources, Apps, Mobile Founders Yarden Tadmor Website http://switchapp.com Full profile for Switch Nintendo Switch Description Nintendo Switch is a home gaming system. Website https://www.nintendo.com/switch Full profile for Nintendo Switch Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Nintendo Switch Hits the Market on March 3 | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Nintendo Switch Switch Nintendo Gaming Popular Posts Featured Stories Sarah Michelle Gellar on starting Foodstirs VIDEO | 4:58 | Interviews Start thinking like a startup 4 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 12 hours ago | Jon Evans, Columnist SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday | Darrell Etherington SpaceX successfully returns to launch with Iridium-1 NEXT Falcon 9 mission yesterday | Darrell Etherington Latest From TechCrunch The year in analytics 43 minutes ago | Sameer Al-Sakran Start thinking like a startup 4 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Lessons from Dharamsala on business and life 6 hours ago | Karl Mehta Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 8 hours ago | Jim Glade Comment moderation powered by Up Next Nintendo talks Switch launch titles, price point and lessons learned from the Wii U Posted Jan 13, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Digital Marketing Specialist at IBISWorld (Los Angeles, CA, United States) Head of Marketing at Concord (San Francisco, CA, United States) DevOps Engineer @ Qadium at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Sales Director at Shopkick (New York, NY, United States) System Administrator at Shopkick (Redwood City, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Start thinking like a startup 4 hours ago by Mona Bijoor WTF is machine learning? Oct 23, 2016 by John Mannes The year in analytics 43 minutes ago by Sameer Al-Sakran Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 8 hours ago by Jim Glade Hands-on with the Nintendo Switch Jan 13, 2017 by Brian Heater Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 12 hours ago by Matt Heiman Facebook encourages text statuses with new colored backgrounds Dec 19, 2016 by Josh Constine Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 12 hours ago by Jon Evans Technology can’t replace the human touch 12 hours ago by Ron Miller
Breaking News U.S.+ Crime + JusticeEnergy + EnvironmentExtreme WeatherSpace + Science U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram 'She believed in helping people': Remembering Master Sgt. Debra Clayton By Robert Ray and Nick Valencia, CNN Updated 9:01 AM ET, Fri January 13, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Slain Orlando officer was community activist Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Slain Orlando officer was community activist 02:17 Story highlights Master Sgt. Debra Clayton cared deeply about Orlando's youth "Everything she worked for, she died for," her son says Watch "New Day" and "CNN Newsroom" each Friday to see inspiring stories of officers going above and beyond the call of duty. Orlando, Florida (CNN)The legacy of Master Sgt. Debra Clayton is one of compassion, hope, and inspiration. "She was a police officer, but she was a community activist. She believed in helping people and her hand was always out to help you," said Jack Williams, one of Clayton's closest friends. Clayton, 42, died Monday morning, shot and killed outside a Walmart by a suspect on the run. She was one of two officers Orlando lost that day. A few hours later, Norman Lewis, a deputy first class with the Orange County Sheriff's Office, was killed in an vehicle accident while searching for Clayton's assailant. JUST WATCHED 2 officers dead in Orlando manhunt Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 2 officers dead in Orlando manhunt 01:14 Clayton grew up in Orlando. She went on to the University of Central Florida and received a master's degree. She is being remembered for her service to the community, intelligence and passion to bring people together. She had worked for the police department for 17 years. Read More At a vigil just two days after Clayton's death, hundreds lit candles, sang, wept and paid respect to a woman they knew as a living hero. "She was a good-hearted person, and she always wanted what was best for anybody," said a tearful Ashley Thomas, Clayton's sister. This loss only strengthens our resolve to fight for justice. Sgt. Clayton grew up in this area and made it her life's work to protect it. pic.twitter.com/4r1ZVj5JLe— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 9, 2017 Johnny, the 21-year-old son of Clayton, had a message about his mother: "She was the prime example, everything she worked for, she died for." The past several years were troubling for Clayton. Tensions between the black community and police in cities across the country inspired her to speak directly to Orlando neighborhoods, hoping to mend the divide. Sgt. Clayton was extremely active with @pkzorlando. She loved working with kids and they loved her too! Rest peacefully, Sarge. pic.twitter.com/Xfpm4ctiqP— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 9, 2017 "The police are here to help you. We are not here to hurt you; we are here to help you," she told dozens of residents this past summer at an Orlando Police Department event. At a wreath-laying ceremony for Clayton, police Chief John Mina talked emotionally about her commitment to unite Orlando. "Great, great police officer. Great leader in our agency, really led by example with the things she did in our community," Mina said. Many have asked how they can help. There's a fund for Master Sgt. Clayton's family. This is the ONLY official fund. https://t.co/QfjYmY3nrg pic.twitter.com/ih2RQxurhI— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 10, 2017 So much of Clayton's legacy is of service. In 2015, she helped chaperone two busloads of Orlando-area youngsters who went to Washington as part of the anti-violence Million Youth Peace March. The past several years, she also helped with a "Stop the Violence" rally, an annual vigil that commemorates the people in Orlando and Orange County who have died in the past year from gun violence. One commendation Sgt. Clayton received in her 17 years at OPD. In this one, @ChiefJohnMina says "we can count on you to go that extra mile" pic.twitter.com/3RvSxRp5Da— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 9, 2017 Williams' tears ran heavy as he spoke of his friend's smile and kindness. "Just thinking about her. I'm going to miss her, I'm going to miss her." The funeral for Clayton is set for 2 p.m. Saturday at First Baptist Church in Orlando. Content by LendingTree Rates now at 3.2% APR (15 Yr Fixed). Do you qualify? Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Not enough homeowners claim these amazing federal incentives The amazing VA benefits not enough vets are claiming People are stockpiling miles with this insane credit card Paid Partner Content 10 mind-blowing credit cards charging 0% interest until 2018 NextAdvisor 11 stocks to buy before Trump takes office The Motley Fool Transferring your balance to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious NextAdvisor Manhattan real estate for sale Trulia Top 7 cards for excellent credit NextAdvisor Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices Advertise with us About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
News Comey in hot water with Dems while Pence refuses to say if Trump supports him Watch: Bob Woodward condemns unverified dossier on Trump that BuzzFeed published Hero dog saves owner with broken neck who laid in snowbank for 19 hours Country music legend Toby Keith defends decision to sing at Trump's inauguration Channels Glenn Beck Dana Loesch Tomi Lahren Lawrence Jones Check out all channels MyVoice Radio TV Login Join www.theblaze.com L.L. Bean board member says anti-Trump boycotts are ‘smokescreen’ for something much bigger Tré Goins-Phillips Jan 13, 2017 5:22 pm Image source: Fox Business Network 157 Follow Share Tweet The granddaughter of L.L. Bean’s founder, board member and co-owner Linda Bean, financially supported President-elect Donald Trump’s campaign, and now Trump’s opponents are boycotting her company. But Bean is calling the boycott against her company a “smokescreen” for anti-Trump protesters’ real intentions. In Bean’s view, the real goal behind the demonstrations is to kill jobs at L.L. Bean and 39 other retailers — including Macy’s, Walmart and Amazon — that the group #GrabYourWallet is encouraging people to boycott. According to its website, #GrabYourWallet is a movement that began in October on Twitter in response to the “Access Hollywood” tapes depicting Trump’s lewd comments about women. The campaign is devoted to “the flexing of consumer power in favor of a more respectful, inclusive society.” The #GrabYourWallet website is encouraging people to contact the brands they list and tell their employees: “Hi. I’m a customer/fan of your brand. Unfortunately, I’ll no longer be able to shop there because you do business with the Trump family. If you were to no longer do so I would consider returning as a customer. Please communicate my feedback to store management.” There are ulterior motives, though, according to Bean. “It’s the bullies who want to go after, basically, our jobs,” she told Fox Business Network host Stuart Varney Friday afternoon. “I believe it’s just a smokescreen because the effect of a boycott is to kill jobs — boycotts and bullies kill jobs.” She did not explain why, in her view, her employees’ jobs were specifically being targeted. Earlier this week, it was revealed that Bean contributed $60,000 of her own money to a PAC supporting Trump. While she said the donation was personal and not in any way connected to the family business, the Federal Election Commission said the contribution exceeded the PAC’s individual donor limit of $5,000. According to the Portland Press-Herald, the FEC told the PAC in a notice that it would face punitive action or an audit if it did not respond to inquiries about Bean’s contribution. The group responded to the notice last week by amending their initial disclosure, and indicating that it used its funds on signs, Facebook, radio ads at 30-second TV spots in support of Trump. Bean said she has received no notification from the FEC indicating she broke the law. The L.L Bean heiress stated in a Thursday Fox News interview that the ensuing boycotts of her popular company “un-American.” Responding to her appearance on TV, Trump, who takes the oath of office next Friday, tweeted his support for the clothing brand and encouraged his followers to buy L.L. Bean products. Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaine — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 12, 2017 Trump’s decision to publicly endorse the brand only served to further frustrate Bean’s detractors. Many on social media slammed the president-elect for using his enormous platform to advertise for a private company. @realDonaldTrump so now you're starting to advertise through your account???? — Christoph A. Karlo (@chkarlo) January 12, 2017 @realDonaldTrump @LBPerfectMaine So unlike every other president…you only support the people who like you…not ALL AMERICANS. — Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) January 12, 2017 What in God's name is this nonsense, @realDonaldTrump? You're not an ad agency. https://t.co/74iwsOL8lp — Evan O'Connell ❄️ (@evanoconnell) January 12, 2017 .@realDonaldTrump Oh awesome, the incoming President of the United States is running ads for political supporters. pic.twitter.com/Ayk1Fizxci — Fusion (@Fusion) January 12, 2017 Bean, for her part, said L.L. Bean steers clear of making any sort of political endorsements or donations. “It was not the company donation. It was my personal donation and the company itself stays politically neutral,” she insisted, adding that her company has a “no endorsing” policy when it comes to politics. However, despite the headaches, Bean said she would “absolutely” do it all over again because she sees it “as an opportunity.” “Every one of these setbacks gives you an opportunity to say how great America is,” Bean explained. “How great it is to be free to vote for your own candidate and set the record straight.” When Varney asked her what it is like to be a conservative in the “upper-echelons of business,” Bean sad it is “a strange paradox,” citing the way the stock market rallied following Trump’s surprise victory on Nov. 8. “Those are the guys that are probably right there. Are they saying one thing and putting their money in another place?” she wondered, later acknowledging that she has always been “a little bit of a rebel” when it came to her political leanings. In the end, she said she supports Trump because of his pledge to create jobs once he’s in the White House. Watch the latest video at video.foxbusiness.com Share Tweet Rate this story 56% 2% 5% 32% 6% Recommended from the Web 157 Comments Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! Menu × Radio TV Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Tips Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! © 2017 TheBlaze, Inc. Your use of or registration on this site constitutes your acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy × Menu News Channels MyVoice Radio TV Logout Following Saved Content Help Invite Friends Contact Jobs Advertise Content Partners Terms Privacy × × Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! × × Comment Section FAQ I'm not seeing my post to MyVoice. How come? Approved posts to MyVoice will be live on the site within a few hours. MyVoice is for posting intelligent, engaging, entertaining and thought-provoking commentary and stories, so following these guidelines will help get your post prioritized and noticed. Why is there a red near my name? Moderators assign strikes for violations of our comment policy. Strikes will disappear automatically in 24 hours, provided you have no further violations. However, if you earn three strikes within 24 hours, your account will be temporary suspended. How can I delete my comments after I’ve posted them? Please email moderation@theblaze.com to let us know you would like it removed. I’m having trouble editing and replying to comments, or I’m getting an error when I try to post. What can I do? If you notice something is not working as expected, please email us at moderation@theblaze.com. What should I do if I see someone causing trouble? You can report offending posts by clicking on the little flag icon below every post. This will automatically inform our moderators. If you spot a troublemaker, you can also email us at moderation@theblaze.com. × × Community Rules Speak your mind. Please be respectful of our rules and community. Asking people to upvote you or your post are not allowed. No spam, abuse, obscenities, off-topic comments, racial or ethnic slurs, threats, hate, comments that incite violence or excessive use of flagging permitted. Please be respectful of our community and spread some love. Any of the following may result in a permanent ban: Spam Abusive Obscene language Obscene photos Off-topic comments Racial or ethnic slurs Threats of any kind Hate messages Excessive use or the flagging (report as spam) feature Asking people to upvote your comments or posts For more information, please see our Terms of Use. Now, go have fun and speak your mind!   × × ×
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Global markets mixed as Wall Street treads waterAFP – Fri, Jan 13, 2017 11:35 PM AEDT Related Content View Photo London's benchmark FTSE 100 index reached a record high January 13, 2017 Global stock indices finished mainly higher on Friday as Wall Street ended split despite healthy bank profits and another record Nasdaq close. Europe's main stock markets were cheered by a steady opening on Wall Street and solid bank earnings reports from JP Morgan Chase and Bank of America. "The FTSE 100 notched up another all-time high to round off a record-breaking week of gains," said Jasper Lawler at London Capital Group. "Shares of UK-listed banks including Barclays, RBS and HSBC responded positively to the US results." Meanwhile the Euro Stoxx 50 and the CAC 40 in Paris both added 1.2 percent while Frankfurt rose 0.9 percent. However, as afternoon approached in New York, the blue-chip Dow Jones Industrial Average began to sputter, dragged lower partly by retail giant Walmart, which saw shares drop 1.2 percent. Commerce Department figures released early Friday showed retail sales at US department stores fell 0.6 percent in December as consumers increasingly shop online. The Dow finished down less than 0.1 percent at 19,885.73, while the broader S&P 500 gained 0.2 percent and the tech-heavy Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent to reach its sixth record finish in seven trading sessions. Equities had retreated Thursday on investor disappointment over a lack of policy detail from US President-elect Donald Trump, and following allegations of emissions cheating at Fiat Chrysler. Chris Low of FTN Financial said Friday's mixed finish on Wall Street could have been due partly to reduced volume as traders left work early ahead of a US holiday weekend. He also noted bank profits were buoyed by strong trading revenue. "It has been a very long time since we've seen better-than-expected trading revenues," said Low. Meanwhile, the FTSE's record-breaking run has been driven by sterling weakness due to ongoing uncertainty over Brexit. British Prime Minister Theresa May on Tuesday will set out the long-awaited approach the government will take before triggering article 50, starting a two-year process that will take Britain out of the EU. "If the Prime Minister confirms the UK will leave the single market in a 'Hard Brexit', the British pound could drop below 1.20 against the dollar," LCG's Lawler said. - China trade 'obstacles' - In the eurozone, French investors appeared to take in their stride news that Renault is being investigated for possible emissions cheating as the so-called "dieselgate" scandal that engulfed German giant Volkswagen spread to other auto makers. But Renault shares took a hit and ended the day 2.9 percent lower. Earlier in Asia, there was muted reaction to end-of-the-year data from China showing the world's number-two economy was still struggling on the trade front. Hong Kong added 0.5 percent but Shanghai closed down 0.2 percent with little excitement over news that Chinese exports fell more than expected last month, while imports came in largely as expected. For 2016, exports fell 7.7 percent and imports dropped 5.5 percent. "There remain some obstacles facing China's foreign trade development," customs spokesman Huang Songping told reporters, adding the international trading environment was "severe and complex". - Key figures around 2200 GMT - New York - Dow: FLAT at 19,911.40 points (close) New York - S&P 500: UP 0.2 percent at 2,274.64 (close) New York - Nasdaq: UP 0.5 percent at 5,574.12 (close) London - FTSE 100: UP 0.6 percent at 7,337.81 (close) Frankfurt - DAX 30: UP 0.9 percent at 11,629.18 (close) Paris - CAC 40: UP 1.2 percent at 4,922.49 (close) EURO STOXX 50: UP 1.2 percent at 3,324.24 (close) Tokyo - Nikkei 225: UP 0.8 percent at 19,287.28 (close) Shanghai - Composite: DOWN 0.2 percent at 3,112.76 (close) Hong Kong - Hang Seng: UP 0.5 percent at 22,937.38 (close) Euro/dollar: UP at $1.0639 from $1.0614 Pound/dollar: UP at $1.2190 from $1.2163 Dollar/yen: DOWN at 114.53 yen from 114.75 yen Oil - West Texas Intermediate: DOWN 64 cents at $52.37 per barrel Oil - Brent North Sea: DOWN 56 cents at $55.45 Top Stories » Woolworths hires new supermarkets bossAAP Woolworths Group has appointed long-standing Tesco executive Claire Peters as managing director of its supermarkets … NAB hikes many fixed home loan ratesAAP PM may rush trade vote to persuade USAAP Sirtex shares up and down after CEO axedAAP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Gabba Test Toyota Amber Sherlock Budget Rent a Car Kamiyah Mobley iPad Obamacare Perth Accommodation Trump Clinton Online car insurance quote Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Neighbor's marijuana use makes woman see red Print Email Joan Rusek, special to cleveland.com By Joan Rusek, special to cleveland.com Sun News on January 13, 2017 at 5:27 PM, updated January 13, 2017 at 5:30 PM comments BAINBRIDGE TOWNSHIP, Ohio - Suspicious, East Brook: A woman reported her neighbors were smoking marijuana 11:53 p.m. Jan. 7 and the smoke was making her throat hurt and her eyes blood shot. Officers arrived and advised the man that his use of marijuana is illegal in Ohio. Fraud, Market Place: Someone used fake $100 bills to pay for merchandise at Walmart. A police report was made Jan. 5. Suspicious, Rivers Edge Drive: Someone driving an orange Kia, pulled in and out of a driveway 6 p.m. Jan. 5 then drove up and down the street. A silver car did the same thing. Two teenage boys were home at the time and called police. Officers arrived and checked the perimeter of the home and found everything to be fine. The vehicles had left the area before their arrival. Harassment, Haskins Road: A woman, 18, complained of being bullied on Instagram Jan. 5 by someone she knows. She was given advice. Fraud, Bainbridge Road: A man received a Capital One credit card Jan. 4 he did not request. He contacted the credit card company and checked his credit report, which was fine and did not show any fraudulent charges. The card was cancelled. Suspicious, Snyder Road: Sounds of someone pounding on his door 6 p.m. Jan. 14 prompted a man to call police. He reported hearing loud booms outside resembling shotgun blasts. Officers checked the area and could hear trees cracking in the wind at the rear of the property. No suspicious activity was seen. Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit cleveland.com on YouTube Subscribe to our YouTube channel Get the latest news, sports, and entertainment videos you need to see now! ... Subscribe now» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » West Geauga news in your inbox Sign up for our West Geauga newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. West Geauga HS Sports Latest West Geauga HS News | Latest Chagrin Falls HS News | Latest Kenston HS News About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics Art of Aging 6abc Loves the Arts Jim Gardner One-on-One Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly High School Huddle Live Well Network Laff TV Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Teen boy shot, killed in West Philadelphia Full Story Email share share tweet email BREAKING NEWS Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Full Story Email share share tweet email SHOPPING Freebie Friday: Health screening, online workout, MLK concert Email share share tweet email none WPVI Friday, January 13, 2017 05:20PM PHILADELPHIA (WPVI) -- Here are your freebies for this weekend, Jan. 13-14th! FREE HEALTH SCREENING We start off with a way to check on your health for free. Saturday is wellness day at Walmart. They are offering free health screenings to check your blood pressure, your sugar and your Body Mass Index too. You can also get free health immunizations, health insurance information and free product samples. For more information, CLICK HERE. FREE ONLINE WORKOUT Speaking of your health, you can get a free workout online. Fitness Blender is offering free, full-length workout videos at no cost - so there is no excuse NOT to be fit. For more information, CLICK HERE. FREE COFFEE How about a free cup of coffee? Every Wednesday in January, you can get a free coffee of any size by using the 7-eleven app. For more information, CLICK HERE. FREE CONCERT In honor of Doctor Martin Luther King Jr., the Philadelphia Orchestra is putting on a free tribute concert for it's opening night. The orchestra will combine the traditions of African-American culture and Western classical music to pay tribute to the modern day hero. Free tickets are required for entry and you can get them online. But seating is first come, first serve. The concert takes place on Monday, Martin Luther King Day, at 1:30 p.m. at Girard College. For more information, CLICK HERE. Related Topics: shoppingfree stufffreebie fridayconsumerfoodwhat's the dealsaving with 6abc Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WPVI-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. SHOPPING Consumer Reports tests best robotic toys for kids What's the Deal: Finding new uses for old furs The Limited closes all 250 stores nationwide Freebie Friday: Meet Simone Biles, First Friday events More Shopping Top Stories Teen boy shot, killed in West Philadelphia Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Taxi driver shot 13 times in West Philadelphia 2 sought after woman robbed at gunpoint in South Philly garage Pennsylvania lawmakers rally to save 'Obamacare' Relive the 'Miracle on the Hudson' on the 8th anniversary Man shot multiple times, killed in West Philadelphia Show More Man critically injured in Wilmington shooting Pizza delivery driver robbed in Tacony Fire erupts in North Philadelphia home Prosecutor: Man posed as model, got nude photos of teen Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years More News Photos 2017 Golden Globes red carpet fashion Local crews hit roads as snow falls across region Self-driving Uber cars hit the streets of SF South Jersey community's history, heritage carved into Oak tree More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly High School Huddle Live Well Network Laff TV Puerto Rican Panorama Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics Art of Aging 6abc Loves the Arts Jim Gardner One-on-One Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly High School Huddle Live Well Network Laff TV Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia
Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. Acquires Pershing Square Shopping Center in Derby, CT January 13, 2017 04:43 PM Eastern Standard Time GREENWICH, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. (NYSE: UBA and UBP) announced today that it has acquired for $9,000,000, the Pershing Square Shopping Center in Derby, CT. Pershing Square is a 38,750 square foot shopping center, whose tenants include a 17,100 square foot Aldi Grocery Store, Panera Bread, Pet Valu, AT&T and Popeye’s. The purchase was funded with available cash. Pershing Square is located in the heart of the retail district of Derby, CT (lower New Haven County on the boarder of Fairfield County), which is a densely populated trade area that draws from Shelton and Ansonia. In the 3-mile area surrounding the property, there are approximately 55,000 people earning average household incomes of nearly $80,000 per year. In the 5-mile area, there are approximately 97,000 people earning average household incomes of nearly $97,500 per year. Pershing Square is situated at a signalized intersection on Pershing Drive with access to State Route 8 – the major north/south access highway in central Connecticut where over 64,300 vehicles travel each day. Its location on Pershing Drive is complemented by over a million square feet of surrounding retail including national and big box retailers such as Wal-Mart, Lowe’s, Target, Home Depot, and BJ’s Wholesale Club. Pershing Square shares a signalized intersection with the 133,310 square foot ShopRite Plaza and shares a parking lot with Planet Fitness in the adjoining Red Raider Plaza. Willing Biddle, President and CEO of Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. said, “We are pleased to add Aldi to our list of supermarket anchors and acquire a property at which a majority of the tenants built their premises from the ground up, which acts to lower the risk of the investment.” Zach Fox, Vice President of Acquisitions added, “This was an opportunity to acquire an off-market, brand new construction anchored by Aldi, one of the strongest credit tenants in the world. The remainder of the tenants are national brands with safe, long-term leases.” Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. is a self-administered equity real estate investment trust which owns or has equity interests in 76 properties containing approximately 5.0 million square feet of space. Listed on the New York Stock Exchange since 1970, it provides investors with a means of participating in ownership of income-producing properties. It has paid 187 consecutive quarters of uninterrupted dividends to its shareholders since its inception and has raised total dividends to its shareholders for the last 23 consecutive years. For additional information, please contact Willing L. Biddle, CEO, John Hayes, CFO, or James Aries, SVP or Zach Fox, VP Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. at 203-863-8200. This press release contains statements that constitute “forward-looking statements.” These statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among other things, risks associated with the timing of and costs associated with property improvements, financing commitments and general competitive factors. Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release. Contacts Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. Willing L. Biddle, CEO, John T. Hayes, CFO or James Aries, SVP Zach Fox, VP (203) 863-8200 Contacts Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. Willing L. Biddle, CEO, John T. Hayes, CFO or James Aries, SVP Zach Fox, VP (203) 863-8200 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Ronnie O'Sullivan Ronnie O’Sullivan: ‘They will never take my soul. They will never take my spirit’ Snooker’s biggest star is now a traveller, raconteur, intensely political and pushing at fresh boundaries – and he’s happier for what he is finding Ronnie O’Sullivan is now politically engaged and says inequality disgusts him in life and in snooker. He says he would not support his son if he chose to play the sport. Photograph: Tim P. Whitby/Getty Images Sean Ingle @seaningle Friday 13 January 2017 17.00 EST Last modified on Saturday 14 January 2017 08.55 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close “I never thought I’d hear myself say this, but maybe there will be an I’m a Celebrity in me soon,” says Ronnie O’Sullivan with a breezy cheeriness at odds with the drab January day outside the industrial estate in Essex where he practises. “I’ve spent so many years saying no to everything, but if the price is right and it’s a nice trip …” His voice trails off, but it quickly becomes clear that the prospect of chomping down on sheep’s testicles wouldn’t put him off. “I had bull’s cock in China,” he continues. “It was quite nice. Best thing on the plate. And I’d be all right psychologically too, as Steve Peters would help. It’s a few weeks in the jungle, you’re having a laugh. Some people in this country are living on food stamp, they don’t know where their next meal’s coming from.” Welcome to Ronnie 2.0: traveller, raconteur, intensely political and pushing at fresh boundaries – and liking what he is finding. They say that life begins at 40. O’Sullivan is living proof. “I was just unhappy before,” he admits. “But I didn’t know anything else beyond potting balls. I was scared to break out”. But now, aged 41, he is doing so with a vengeance. Last year he was on the road for four months straight, travelling to China to coach and play the odd game of snooker, and to the US to film Rocket Ronnie’s American Hustle, a four-episode travelogue in which he discovers the history of pool, which will be shown on British TV this month. He’s also doing punditry for Eurosport, and has even taken up boxing. “Just with a few old boys,” he says. “No one takes it too seriously. I wouldn’t get in there with a psychopath. I just do it for the fitness.” I spent 10 days in bed, watching TV, some darts, loads of Netflix. I had a great time. Just chilled out However, before his opening round match against Liang Wenbo in the Masters on Sunday he has a confession. “I took Christmas off which I never normally do,” he says. “I spent 10 days in bed, watching TV, some darts, loads of Netflix. I had a great time. Just chilled out. I haven’t really done a lot of practice but I will try my nuts off against Liang and if I win I’ll have four more days to prepare and maybe my game will come.” O’Sullivan, the defending Masters champion, knows he will be roared on by the sell-out 2,000 crowd at Alexandra Palace. And it is clear that he hugely appreciates being regarded as a working-class hero. But increasingly, he finds that he wants to do more: he wants to speak out at what he feels are the widening injustices in society. “I just think: ‘How bad is it when the world is brought to its knees and not one person got punished for it?’ There’s no jobs. No jobs in this country or America. There’s a lot of people on food stamps over there. Meanwhile, the boss of Walmart gets a $20m salary or whatever it is. It’s just wrong. There’s too much of a divide. People can’t afford to fill their fridge, never mind buy their son a pair of trainers. It’s sad. People just want, want, want, take, take, take. “We are all human beings, we all have a purpose in life, we all want to enjoy this time on the planet, there is enough in the world for everyone in the world to have the basic needs without feeling under depression. I believe a lot of our illnesses and struggles and suicides and drug addictions and whatever is brought on by hopelessness.” O’Sullivan is warming to his theme now. “I come from a working class background. My parents worked hard and got up the ladder. In the 80s you could do that. But since they took away the unions and people power, people are fucked, basically. They have nowhere to go. The more you crush someone, the less hope they’ve got. They become numbed-down and they give up. People give up, that’s what happens. You kill them so much that they think ‘Fuck this, we can’t win.’” O’Sullivan talks about how much he admires Ed Miliband and talks fondly of going up with him to visit his Doncaster constituency and hanging about with “proper, working-class people”. I can’t relate to bankers sitting there, fucking drinking wine and splashing money like it’s going out of fashion “I can’t relate to a bunch of bankers sitting there, fucking drinking wine and splashing money like it’s going out of fashion,” he confesses. “It’s obscene, it makes me feel sick. I don’t like being around that kind of behaviour. It makes me feel disgusted.” He sees similar injustices going on in the game of snooker. For despite there being more tournaments, those who get knocked out in the early rounds now struggle to make any sort of living. “I’m not going to support a system that doesn’t benefit the bottom-ranked players,” he says. “There’s no trickle down. All the top players get everything and those at the bottom are in poverty, keeping them in debt. “Snooker, unfortunately, isn’t like golf, football and tennis where the bottom players can be sustained. In snooker, a lot of players can’t afford a pair of trainers for their kid, they can’t afford to buy the train ticket for a tournament. They can’t afford the hotel room. They are waiting for someone to lose and then ask for your hotel room. How is that right? How can that be right for a good snooker player who has devoted all his life? Then you see board members flying business class, drinking red wine, schmoozing, wearing nice suits, saying they are doing wonderful things for the game and it’s never been in a better place.” O’Sullivan cites the case of the Irish player Fergal O’Brien, a tournament winner who he says he is struggling to stay on the tour. He believes a player ranked 32 in the world would be on £30,000 a year, after paying tax and their expenses. “It’s not bad but those between 33-128 in the world are not making a good living.” O’Sullivan clearly has little time for World Snooker but says he won’t antagonise “the people who run things” because “they are looking for any little excuse to throw the book at you.” To make sure he does not have to deal with them directly, O’Sullivan now employs someone to handle all his dealings with the game’s governing body. “I’ve told them you are not allowed to email me. You have to go through someone else and we will keep it professional and keep that distance. I ain’t going to accept the bullshit. I can’t help it – if I smell something I say it’s bullshit.” “I know how they try to bring certain people down, but they will never take my soul. They will never take my spirit. I just won’t have it. My favourite film was Braveheart and as a character he signalled everything to me, which was freedom. We all should have freedom and that’s what I believe in and no one is going to take my freedom.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ronnie O’Sullivan hopes to defend his Masters title at Alexandra Palace, starting on Sunday. Photograph: Dan Mullan/Getty Images When young players tell him they want to become snooker players, how does he respond? “I tell them no every time,” he replies, shaking his head. “If my son – who turns 10 in June – chooses to play snooker, I’ve told him he won’t get support. That’s the deal. If you want to be in motor racing or tennis, or you want to be a doctor or lawyer or want to go and study, whatever, you get my support. But anything with snooker, I’m going to have to tell you that you are on your own.” O’Sullivan recently watched the documentary I am Bolt, and expresses his deep admiration for Tiger Woods in our interview. But when asked whether he is in their bracket, as a naturally gifted sporting genius, he hesitates. “I just do my best,” he replies. “I know I can perform to a high level and when I don’t, I’m prepared to tough it out more than I was before. I love to compete.” As our hour talking comes to an end O’Sullivan is still chewing the fat, despite having been up until 2.30am the previous night playing in an Ireland versus England legends exhibition match and having had to get up at 6am to get the flight back from County Kildare. He seems in a good place. “Snooker’s the bit I don’t really like,” he admits. “But since doing all this other stuff, I started coming out of myself. I’m a lot happier. I thought, ‘I want to be happy now. I want to have a laugh. I don’t want the grind, the treadmill.’ And I’m having an absolute ball.” More interviews Topics Ronnie O'Sullivan Snooker Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › Ronnie O'Sullivan Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Nasdaq hits record; bank earnings validate Wall St. rally News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Nasdaq hits record; bank earnings validate Wall St. rally An increase in Facebook pushed the Nasdaq to a record high on Friday and the S&P 500 also rose after major U.S. banks kicked off the fourth-quarter earnings season with strong results. Posted 13 Jan 2017 20:35 Updated 14 Jan 2017 08:55 Traders work on the floor at the close of trading at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in Manhattan, New York City, U.S., December 28, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: An increase in Facebook pushed the Nasdaq to a record high on Friday and the S&P 500 also rose after major U.S. banks kicked off the fourth-quarter earnings season with strong results. Wall Street has surged since President-elect Donald Trump's unexpected election victory on optimism he will cut corporate taxes, spend on infrastructure and deregulate banks. With stocks trading at price-to-earnings valuations well above historical averages, many investors believe further gains will depend on S&P 500 companies handing in strong report cards over the next several weeks. Major banks on Friday did not disappoint: Bank of America , JPMorgan and Wells Fargo all posted quarterly profits above analysts' expectations. They also expressed optimism about 2017 in their first public comments about earnings since Trump won the election in November. Their shares surged over 2 percent but later gave up most of those gains. Wells Fargo ended 1.36 percent higher and JPMorgan added 0.53 percent. The S&P financial sector has jumped about 17 percent since the election, far outpacing the S&P 500's 6-percent rise. "Earnings are key going forward, and we're off to a decent start," said Mike Baele, managing director with the Private Client Reserve of U.S. Bank in Portland, Oregon. The Dow dipped marginally, with Wal-Mart Stores and other consumer stocks down after a report showed U.S. retail sales and core retail sales increased less than expected in December. Trading volumes were light, with financial markets closed on Monday for Martin Luther King Jr. Day. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.48 percent to a record-high close of 5,574.12, bringing its gain so far this year to 3.55 percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 0.03 percent to 19,885.73, while the S&P 500 gained 0.18 percent to 2,274.64. For the week, the Dow fell 0.4 percent, the S&P 500 shed 0.1 percent and the Nasdaq gained 1 percent. The biggest boost to the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq on Friday was provided by Facebook , which jumped 1.36 percent after Raymond James upgraded the stock. The combined profit of S&P 500 companies is expected to have risen 6.2 percent in the fourth quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The S&P 500 is trading at 17 times expected earnings, compared to its 10-year average of 14, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. "We've come a long way very quickly so there's scope for a pullback, but overall the outlook for 2017 is relatively positive," said Jon Adams, senior investment strategist at BMO Global Asset Management. Bank stocks will stay in favor with investors as long as earnings reports in the coming week keep show an improving profit outlook while investors wait to see if Trump lives up to his campaign promises. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.69-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.34-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 31 new 52-week highs and three new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 126 new highs and 14 new lows. About 5.8 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, lower than the 6.4 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Our Paper Paper Archive Our Apps Daily Horoscope Home News Sport Showbiz & TV Life & Style Travel Tech Pics Casino Football Transfers Motorsport Darts Racing Boxing Other Jeremy Cross Column UFC Home Sport Other Snooker star Ronnie O'Sullivan could go into politics and may become an MP Snooker star Ronnie O'Sullivan could go into politics and may become an MP RONNIE O'SULLIVAN has amazingly hinted he could move into politics – and might even want to become an MP. By Hector Nunns / Published 14th January 2017 GETTY Ronnie O'Sullivan says he may venture into politics He believes the divide between the haves and the have-nots has never been greater. And as he starts his bid for a record seventh Masters title at Alexandra Palace tomorrow 41-year-old O’Sullivan is itching to get involved and try to make a difference. The five-time world champion says the country is crying out for working class heroes to speak for the masses. “Something’s just not right, there is an imbalance in this country and with one bad decision you don’t see the effects of it until later,” he said. “There are no decent jobs now for so many people, not here and not in America. “A lot of people with jobs at Walmart are on food stamps while the CEO is on $20m a year. “Be an MP? If I was good enough and thought I could do a good enough job and give the time” Snooker star Ronnie O'Sullivan “Maybe I would consider getting involved in politics - I would like to do some good. “I have become much more aware – and I would love to get involved. “Be an MP? If I was good enough and thought I could do a good enough job and give the time. “But I would never be a Tory, put it that way. I have nothing against people who work hard, do well and create jobs, I just don’t like people at the top abusing the system. “I spent a day with Labour leader Ed Miliband in his constituency (Doncaster) before the last election, going to community places for kids where they got to play pool and hang out. GETTY Could Ronnie O'Sullivan even become Prime Minister? “I went to a school, and an old mining club where they played their snooker and darts – proper working-class people. “I could relate to them, but not bunch of bankers sitting there drinking wine and splashing money like it’s going out of fashion. That is obscene and makes me sick. “People power has gone, the unions have gone, people are on zero contract hours and basically they are knackered. “The more you crush someone the less hope they have, they become numb and give up after they have been killed so much. “You can have your protests but not enough people stand together. If they did, then something would change. At some point, that might happen.” Related videos Ronnie O'Sullivan gets floored trying virtual reality snooker Ronnie O'Sullivan gets floored trying virtual reality snooker Mark Selby and Neil Robertson take on the Crazy Snooker challenge Mark Selby and Neil Robertson take on the Crazy Snooker challenge UNBELIEVABLE 500ft snooker trick shot Bar in Bristol set up amazing 500ft snooker trick shot But for the moment he’s still playing snooker, and the defending Masters champion faces practice partner Liang Wenbo of China in front of a sell-out 2,000 crowd. And O’Sullivan is now mentoring young Chinese kids – insisting the grass roots in this country is in crisis with no teenage talent emerging. He added: “There is no one to pass it on to of the right age in the UK, I don’t see no 15- 16-year-olds out there. “The grass-roots and amateur scene has almost disappeared, it started when the tobacco ban came in and clubs started folding. “They (China) invest in talented kids with their money, we bale out banks who brought the country to its knees.” Related articles Ronnie O'Sullivan takes to Twitter to address claims he's going to quit snooker Starsport quiz of the year (questions) Best trick shot ever? Video watched by a million takes internet by storm Comments Other More Andy Murray backs Johanna Konta to impress at the Australian open JOHANNA KONTA has been tipped to kick up a storm at the Australian Open - by men’s World No 1 Andy Murray. England lose first ODI to India despite setting record run total T-Bone Tyson causes chaos with controversial headbutt at WWE U... NBA London: See the Premier League stars out in force as baske... Snooker star Ronnie O'Sullivan could go into politics and may ... Double joy for Britain as Johanna Konta and Dan Evans claim st... EXCLUSIVE: Marcus Camby talks NBA London, LeBron James and a p... NBA London 2017 Indiana Pacers vs Denver Nuggets: Can I watch ... EXCLUSIVE: Ronny Turiaf talks life-threatening heart surgery, ... Other More EXCLUSIVE: Indiana Pacers star CJ Miles hoping for better experience in London CJ MILES has already lasted longer in London than he did on his previous visit and wants to make the most of it tonight. Fightin' Talk: Local hero Tyler Bate eyes up UK crown Ice hockey players freak out after WWE star Brock Lesnar accid... Sterling Davis hoping it's fifth time lucky for Glasgow Rocks ... EXCLUSIVE: Paul George looks forward to Indiana Pacers against... Novak Djokovic beats Andy Murray in first meeting of 2017 to w... Denver Nuggets head coach Mike Malone plans to compare notes w... Jay Ajayi on the Miami Dolphins playoff hopes ahead of Pittsbu... NFL star: This will happen before Arsenal win the Premier League Other More Fab Flournoy thrilled to be awarded MBE in New Year's Honours list THE BRONX-BORN Fab Flournoy is still pinching himself after being awarded an MBE in the New Year’s Honours List. American football player makes tackle but you won't believe wh... The best sporting quotes of 2016: Including Klopp, Murray, Oba... Chris Robshaw desperate to be picked on Lions tour this year Bloke snubs hot babe on stadium kiss cam to smooch his BEER in... Fightin' Talk: ITV show could put British wrestling on the map Sir Bradley Wiggins: Arguably the greatest British sportsman o... Rex Ryan first axing of NFL close season but he won't be the last Sir Bradley Wiggins retires: Olympics and Tour de France legen... Home Paper Archive Weather Our Paper Sitemap Contact Advertise Site Archive News Latest News Weird News Columnists Daily Star Sunday Journalists Sport Football Motorsport Darts Racing Boxing Other Rugby World Cup UFC Showbiz & TV Celebs Hot TV X Factor Big Brother Strictly Music Movies Britain's Got Talent I'm A Celebrity Wired TOWIE Dancing on Ice The Valleys Life & Style Real Life Diet & Fitness Love & Sex Fashion & Beauty Horoscopes Just Jane Cars Competitions FUN Jackpot Millions Our Apps Paper Archive Games Travel Travel News Adventure Beach Family Party Tech Gaming Reviews Tech News Pics Celebrity Galleries Pictures Weird Galleries Sport Galleries Gaming and Tech Galleries NS Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Policy Syndication and Licensing Site By Netro42 Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Star" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Boise Weekly To Read To Do BW Browse To Read News Food & Drink Arts & Culture Music Screen Rec & Sports Opinion Find of the Week Citizen City Guides Slideshows Videos Cartoons Archives Browse To Do BW Picks First Thursday All things to do Find a Location Puzzle Answers Movie Times BW Classifieds BW Poll Browse BW Sign Up for BW Clique Browse Send a News Tip Submit an Event Letters to the Editor Become a Watchdog Smartcard Get BW On the Town Find BW Get Reprints & Plaques Subscribe Log in Username View Profile Edit Profile Log Out Search All in Articles & Posts in Slideshows in Events in Locations in Movies This Week Last Issue January 13, 2017 News » National How Trump Could Kill the Proposed Overtime Rule  A rule that could get overtime pay for four million workers is in limbo, and Trump will help decide whether it survives. By Justin Elliott, ProPublica click to enlarge Jeffrey C Lowe Donald Trump ran for president as the billionaire who would champion working people. As the president-elect put it in one of the major economic speeches of his campaign: "Too many of our leaders have forgotten that it's their duty to protect the jobs, wages and well-being of American workers before any other consideration." One of the first tests of Trump's pledge to help workers will come in how his administration handles the complicated rules that govern who has the right to time-and-a-half overtime pay. Business groups and Republican state attorneys general sued to stop an Obama administration rule that would expand who gets overtime pay. A federal court temporarily blocked the rule in November. Now the Trump administration will decide whether to continue defending the rule in court. At stake is the possibility of overtime pay for about 4 million workers around the country. To get a sense of how big a deal that is: The still-sketchy deal to save factory jobs at a Carrier plant in Indiana — the subject of numerous Trump tweets and extensive media coverage — affected 1,000 or fewer workers. Here's how overtime works now Most employees in the country have the legal right to time-and-a-half overtime pay if they work more than 40 hours in a week. But there's a major exception to that: white-collar workers. So who qualifies as a white-collar worker? The government has a test for that. To be considered a white-collar worker who does not qualify for overtime pay: You have to be paid a salary and not by the hour. You have to make more than $455 per week — the equivalent of $23,660 per year. And you have to work in certain types of jobs, including executive, administrative or professional positions. That has nothing to do with your title, but rather is defined by the nature of your job. For example, executive employees have to, among other things, supervise other workers. Here are more details on how it all works. Labor advocates say some employers have been playing games with who is considered a white-collar worker. There have been a series of lawsuits and settlements outlining how, for example, the dollar store industry classifies employees as managers to avoid paying overtime. Some workers classified as managers spent much of their time doing the same manual labor as their subordinates. Halliburton in 2015 agreed to pay $18 million in back wages for overtime to about 1,000 employees who worked as pipe recovery specialists and drilling advisers, among other jobs. The company acknowledged it had improperly classified those workers as exempt from the overtime rules. Walmart paid a $4.8 million settlement in 2012 for not paying security guards and other employees overtime they were due. The Obama administration argues that the current overtime salary threshold, which was last raised in 2004 and has been eroded by inflation, is outdated. According to the Department of Labor, in 1975, 62 percent of full-time salaried workers were eligible for overtime based on their pay. That compares to just 7 percent today. The Obama rule would make another 4 million people eligible for overtime The most important change made by the Obama administration was raising the salary threshold below which you generally have the right to overtime pay, regardless of your job duties. The new level — which is currently on hold because of the pending lawsuit — is $913 per week, or $47,476 per year. That's double the old standard of $23,660 per year. The Department of Labor has calculated that the new rule could benefit 4.2 million workers around the country. The affected workers would either start getting overtime for any time worked over 40 hours a week, or their salaries would have to be increased above the new threshold. Business groups opposing the rule, most prominently the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, argued that "the salary threshold is going to result in significant new labor costs and cause many disruptions in how work gets done" including by reducing "workplace flexibility, remote electronic access to work, and opportunities for career advancement." Some employers, acting on the expectation that the rule would go into effect, have already raised salaries. The biggest name on the list is Walmart, which bumped starting pay for some managers from $45,000 to $48,500 in order to exempt them from overtime pay. Politico reported that other employers that had promised pay increases, including several universities, have now cancelled the raises in light of the uncertainty around whether the rule will actually go in effect. (Have you heard anything from your employer about overtime changes? Tell us about it.) Trump's pick for labor secretary has attacked the idea of expanding overtime, and the president-elect himself seems skeptical When Trump was asked about the rule in August, he spoke of "a delay or a carve-out of sorts for our small business owners." It's not clear from his comments that Trump actually knew the details of the pending Obama changes. The Trump transition team didn't response to a request for comment. The Department of Justice also declined to comment about what could happen in the lawsuit after Jan. 20. Andrew Puzder, Trump's pick to be secretary of labor and the CEO of a fast-food company, has spoken out strongly against the overtime rule. In a 2014 Wall Street Journal op-ed, Puzder warned against "rewarding time spent rather than time well spent." "What they lose in overtime pay they gain in the stature and sense of accomplishment that comes from being a salaried manager," Puzder said of workers trying to climb the management ladder. The fate of the rule depends on how things play out in a lawsuit that will drag on past the inauguration In September, business groups including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce along with 21 states sued to block the new overtime rule. In late November, a federal judge in Texas temporarily blocked the rule from going into effect, which was supposed to happen Dec. 1. The judge also signaled he is likely to eventually side with the business groups, though it's not clear when that ruling will come. As of right now, the case is proceeding on two fronts, in both the district court and appeals court. The only thing that's known for sure is the litigation will continue past Jan. 20. At that point, the Trump administration could decide to stop defending the rule or not to appeal any judgment against it. Fearing that outcome, the AFL-CIO is trying to intervene in the case, hoping to continue defending the new rule if the Trump administration drops it. The district court hasn't yet ruled on that motion. ProPublica is a Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative newsroom. Sign up for their newsletter. Tweet Pin It Instapaper Reddit Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Related Stories (Over)Time Stands Still: Idaho Employers Ask, 'What Now?' Dec 7, 2016 Overtime Out: Idaho Employers in Limbo Nov 30, 2016 UPDATE: Obama Wants to Qualify 5 Million More Americans for Overtime Pay Jun 30, 2015 Tags: National More National » Comments Comments are closed. Readers also liked… Univision Anchor to Democratic Candidates: Quit Your 'Hispandering' Mar 10, 2016 Calendar Events Clubs Movies Art -All Dates- Sun. Jan. 15 Mon. Jan. 16 Tue. Jan. 17 Wed. Jan. 18 Thu. Jan. 19 Fri. Jan. 20 Sat. Jan. 21 Sun. Jan. 22 Mon. Jan. 23 Tue. Jan. 24 Wed. Jan. 25 Thu. Jan. 26 Fri. Jan. 27 Sat. Jan. 28 Sun. Jan. 29 Mon. Jan. 30 Tue. Jan. 31 Wed. Feb. 1st Thu. Feb. 2nd Fri. Feb. 3rd Sat. Feb. 4 Sun. Feb. 5 Mon. Feb. 6 Tue. Feb. 7 Wed. Feb. 8 Thu. Feb. 9 Fri. Feb. 10 Sat. Feb. 11 Sun. Feb. 12 Mon. Feb. 13 Tue. Feb. 14 -All Categories-   Animals & Pets   Art   Calls to Artists   Citizen   Festivals & Events   Food   Kids & Teens   Literature   Odds & Ends   On Stage   Religious/Spiritual   Sports & Fitness   Talks & Lectures   Workshops & Classes   Events   Events & Workshops   Recurring   Register   Special Screenings -All Regions-   Placerville   North Boise   Boise Downtown and Fringe   Broadway Avenue   State Street   West Boise   Bench   Middleton   Marsing   Meridian   Southwestern Idaho   Eastern Idaho   Central Idaho   North Idaho   East Boise   Southeast Boise   Kuna   Oregon   Eagle   Caldwell   Nampa   Star   Emmett   Garden City   South Boise   Greater Boise Area -All Dates- Sun. Jan. 15 Mon. Jan. 16 Tue. Jan. 17 Wed. Jan. 18 Thu. Jan. 19 Fri. Jan. 20 Sat. Jan. 21 Sun. Jan. 22 Mon. Jan. 23 Tue. Jan. 24 Wed. Jan. 25 Thu. Jan. 26 Fri. Jan. 27 Sat. Jan. 28 Sun. Jan. 29 Mon. Jan. 30 Tue. Jan. 31 Wed. Feb. 1st Thu. Feb. 2nd Fri. Feb. 3rd Sat. Feb. 4 Sun. Feb. 5 Mon. Feb. 6 Tue. Feb. 7 Wed. Feb. 8 Thu. Feb. 9 Fri. Feb. 10 Sat. Feb. 11 Sun. Feb. 12 Mon. Feb. 13 Tue. Feb. 14 -All Categories- Alternative Americana Blues Country Electronic Hip-Hop/Rap Jazz Metal Pop Punk R&B Reggae Rock Singer-Songwriter Variety World -All Regions-   Placerville   North Boise   Boise Downtown and Fringe   Broadway Avenue   State Street   West Boise   Bench   Middleton   Marsing   Meridian   Southwestern Idaho   Eastern Idaho   Central Idaho   North Idaho   East Boise   Southeast Boise   Kuna   Oregon   Eagle   Caldwell   Nampa   Star   Emmett   Garden City   South Boise   Greater Boise Area Select a movie The Accountant Arrival Assassin's Creed The Bye Bye Man Deepwater Horizon Doctor Strange Elle Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Fences The Girl on the Train Hacksaw Ridge Hidden Figures Jack Reacher: Never Go Back Jackie La La Land La La Land: The IMAX 2D Experience Last Man Club Lion Live by Night Loving The Magnificent Seven A Man Called Ove Manchester by the Sea Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children Moana A Monster Calls Monster Trucks Monster Trucks 3D Moonlight Office Christmas Party Passengers Patriots Day Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Rogue One: A Star Wars Story 3D The Secret Life of Pets Silence Sing Singin' in the Rain 65th Anniversary (1952) Presented by TCM Sleepless Storks Trolls Trolls 3D Underworld: Blood Wars Why Him? or Select a location Big Wood 4 Bonner Mall Cinemas Country Club Reel Theatre Edwards Boise Downtown Stadium 9 Edwards Boise Stadium 21 with IMAX Edwards Nampa Gateway Stadium 12 Edwards Nampa Spectrum Stadium 14 Magic Lantern Cinemas Majestic Cinemas-Meridian Nampa Reel Theatre Northern Lights Cinema Grill Northgate Reel Theatre Overland Park Cinemas Take One Cinema The Flicks The Reel Theatre 8 Ontario Village Cinema -All Dates- Sun. Jan. 15 Mon. Jan. 16 Tue. Jan. 17 Wed. Jan. 18 Thu. Jan. 19 Fri. Jan. 20 Sat. Jan. 21 Sun. Jan. 22 Mon. Jan. 23 Tue. Jan. 24 Wed. Jan. 25 Thu. Jan. 26 Fri. Jan. 27 Sat. Jan. 28 Sun. Jan. 29 Mon. Jan. 30 Tue. Jan. 31 Wed. Feb. 1st Thu. Feb. 2nd Fri. Feb. 3rd Sat. Feb. 4 Sun. Feb. 5 Mon. Feb. 6 Tue. Feb. 7 Wed. Feb. 8 Thu. Feb. 9 Fri. Feb. 10 Sat. Feb. 11 Sun. Feb. 12 Mon. Feb. 13 Tue. Feb. 14 -All Regions-   Placerville   North Boise   Boise Downtown and Fringe   Broadway Avenue   State Street   West Boise   Bench   Middleton   Marsing   Meridian   Southwestern Idaho   Eastern Idaho   Central Idaho   North Idaho   East Boise   Southeast Boise   Kuna   Oregon   Eagle   Caldwell   Nampa   Star   Emmett   Garden City   South Boise   Greater Boise Area Today's Pick Wintertime Classic Movies and Discussion: The Faces of Justice Music Dining Picks Film Times First Thursday Latest in National Ringling Bros. Circus Closing Show After 146 Years "After 36 years of PETA protests, which have awoken the world to the plight of animals in captivity, PETA heralds the end of what has been the saddest show on Earth for wild animals." by PRI's The World Jan 15, 2017 Many More Migrants Are Now Sneaking Across the U.S. - Canada Border “They used to cross at night through the woods, now they just walk over the little ditch and walk into Canada." by Julie Masis, GlobalPost Jan 14, 2017 Watch the Full Video: Trump Comes Out Swinging at First Press Conference Since Election It was vintage Trump: the former reality star and billionaire tycoon who loves nothing more than setting straight the record — as he sees it> by PRI's The World Jan 11, 2017 More » Tweets by @Boiseweekly Boise Weekly Home | About BW | BW Classifieds | Contact Us | Submit an Event | Advertise | Subscribe | Privacy Policy | Code of Ethics | Submission Guidelines | Job Opportunities | National Advertising | Check Out Food, Music, and Art in Other Cities | Follow Us | | | | © 2017 Boise Weekly Website powered by Foundation
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Nasdaq hits record; bank earnings validate Wall St rally US STOCKS-Nasdaq hits record; bank earnings validate Wall St rally Source : Last Updated: Sat, Jan 14, 2017 03:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print * BofA, Wells Fargo, JPMorgan post profit above estimates * Consumer stocks drop as Dec. retail sales fall short * Facebook jumps on upgrade, pushes Nasdaq to record * Indexes end: Dow -0.03 pct, S&P +0.18 pct, Nasdaq +0.48 pct (Updates to close) By Noel Randewich Jan 13 (Reuters) - An increase in Facebook pushed the Nasdaq to a record high on Friday, and the S&P 500 also rose after major U.S. banks kicked off the fourth-quarter earnings season with strong results. Wall Street has surged since President-elect Trump's unexpected election victory on optimism he will cut corporate taxes, spend on infrastructure and deregulate banks. With stocks trading at price-to-earnings valuations well above historical averages, many investors believe further gains will depend on S&P 500 companies handing in strong report cards over the next several weeks. Major banks on Friday did not disappoint: Bank of America , JPMorgan and Wells Fargo all posted quarterly profits above analysts' expectations. They also expressed optimism about 2017 in their first public comments about earnings since Trump won the election in November. Their shares surged over 2 percent but later gave up most of those gains. Wells Fargo ended 1.36-percent higher and JPMorgan added 0.53 percent. The S&P financial sector has jumped about 17 percent since the election, far outpacing the S&P 500's 6-percent rise. "Earnings are key going forward, and we're off to a decent start," said Mike Baele, managing director with the Private Client Reserve of U.S. Bank in Portland, Oregon. The Dow dipped marginally, with Wal-Mart Stores and other consumer stocks down after a report showed U.S. retail sales and core retail sales increased less than expected in December. Trading volumes were light, with financial markets closed on Monday for Martin Luther King Jr. Day. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.48 percent to a record-high close of 5,574.12 points, bringing its gain so far this year to 3.55 percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 0.03 percent to 19,885.73 points, while the S&P 500 gained 0.18 percent to 2,274.64. For the week, the Dow fell 0.4 percent, the S&P 500 shed 0.1 percent and the Nasdaq gained 1 percent. The biggest boost to the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq on Friday was provided by Facebook, which jumped 1.36 percent after Raymond James upgraded the stock. The combined profit of S&P 500 companies is expected to have risen 6.2 percent in the fourth quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The S&P 500 is trading at 17 times expected earnings, compared to its 10-year average of 14 times expected earnings, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. "We've come a long way very quickly so there's scope for a pullback, but overall the outlook for 2017 is relatively positive," said Jon Adams, senior investment strategist at BMO Global Asset Management. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.69-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.34-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 31 new 52-week highs and 3 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 126 new highs and 14 new lows. About 5.8 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, lower than the 6.4 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Nick Zieminski) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 26820.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27170.00 (0.93%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 26900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 26290.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 25850.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26250.00 (0.57%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 26920.00 (0.37%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People Next Generation Leaders American Voices The Ensemble Effect Finding Home Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Former Pro Wrestler Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka Dies at Age 73 Racial Discrimination Still Exists With With Ride-Sharing Apps Nintendo America Boss: Switch Online Platform Will Have ‘Nintendo Flair’ Watch Alec Baldwin Mock Donald Trump’s Latest Press Conference on Saturday Night Live 10 Books to Put On Your Reading List This Month Tips to Teach Kindness to Your Kids, According to Doctors Here’s Why Game of Thrones Has Not Yet Been Renewed for Season 8 Nicole Kidman Clarifies Her Comments About Donald Trump: ‘I Believe in Democracy’ SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Jennifer Holliday Pulls Out of Donald Trump Inauguration Performance TIME Tech Video Games Here’s How To Pre-Order the Nintendo Switch Kate Samuelson @katesamuelson Jan. 13, 2017 SHARE + READ ARTICLE Nintendo has said its new Switch console will be available for consumers to buy beginning March 3. But if you’re feeling super organized about getting your hands on the $299 hybrid gadget, here’s where it’s available to pre-order now. Target – with a two-year “Video Game Hardware Protection Plan” for $39.00 Best Buy – where you can add two-year “Accidental Geek Squad Protection” for $49.99 Walmart – where you can arrange in-store pick-up on launch day Amazon – at the time of this writing, the Switch is “currently unavailable” with no news about when it will be back in stock Gamestop – with free shipping thrown in Nintendo said on Twitter that a limited quantity of pre-orders for the Switch will begin Friday at 9 a.m. E.T., while supplies last, at the Nintendo Store in New York City. A limited quantity of pre-orders for the #NintendoSwitch will begin on 1/13 at 9AM while supplies last at #NintendoNYC. — Nintendo NY (@NintendoNYC) January 11, 2017 The Switch is also being taken on tour. You can demo the Switch at: New York City, NY – January 13-15 Toronto, Canada – January 27-29 Washington, D.C. – February 10-12 Chicago, IL – February 17-19 San Francisco, CA – February 24-26 Los Angeles, CA – March 3-5   Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
GUEST POV | Supersedeas Bond Bill - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Election Coverage Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Good Folks Coffee Butchertown Grocery Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau GUEST POV | Supersedeas Bond Bill Posted: Friday, January 13, 2017 9:19 AM EST Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017 3:36 PM EST By Sarah Davasher-Wisdom Point of View Guest Editorial Supersedeas Bond… it doesn’t roll off the tongue, and it might make you want to fall asleep.  But PAY ATTENTION, the meaning of it could change economic development in this region forever. Current Kentucky state law allows opponents of development projects to file endless appeals. Think back to the West End Wal-Mart and the Omni Project.  In both cases, people attempted to obstruct economic growth in our Commonwealth by using and abusing the court system. They created legal logjams that delayed one project and killed another that would have greatly benefited a neighborhood in dire need of economic investment. It’s time to stop the madness.   A recent bill introduced by Louisville Representative Jerry Miller aims to do just that. The proposed supersedeas bond bill requires a bond to be posted in order to appeal a Circuit Court decision. This ensures the wheels of justice can continue to turn, but provides a deterrent to frivolous lawsuits that hinder economic investment. For years, GLI has advocated for legislation placing limits on appeals and we are encouraged by Representative Miller’s leadership on this vital issue. We must stop delaying the growth of our region. We can protect our history and character while stepping into the 21st century. We simply must adjust our perspective and see change as less of a threat and more of an opportunity. GLI urges lawmakers in Frankfort to send Representative Miller’s bill to Governor Bevin for signature.  Superseadeas… easier done than said, and a better deal for all of Kentucky.   I’m Sarah Davasher-Wisdom of GLI and that’s my Point of View.  WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money What Will GDP Say About Economic Growth? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Mattel's New Line of WWE Action Figures Go on Sale at Walmart Mattel's new line of action figures were released exclusively to Walmart stores in the U.S. this month, and consumers immediately started comparing the toys to Hasbro's figures. TheStreet Staff Jan 13, 2017 3:07 PM EST Mattel's ( MAT) new line of action figures were released exclusively to Walmart ( WMT) stores in the U.S. this month, and consumers immediately started comparing the toys to Hasbro's  ( HAS) figures. Mattel's WWE latest collectibles are deemed "retro" by the company because they are packaged in the same fashion as action figures made in the 1960s and 1970s. This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like Ringling Brothers Circus Closes as Entertainment Companies Grapple With Animal Rights Questions The circus blamed last year's decision to stop using elephants in its live shows, while animal-free Cirque du Soleil circus and Disney parks are going strong. Laura Berman Jan 15, 2017 5:59 PM EST This Maker of Mini 'Star Wars' Figures Sees $1 Billion in Sales, Possible IPO Who would have thought. Brian Sozzi Jan 14, 2017 10:00 AM EST Are Mattel's Retro WWE Figures Too Similar To Hasbro's WWF Toys? Mattel (MAT) unleashed its 'throwback' WWE action figures to Walmart (WMT) stores, and the Internet comments immediately took note of the resemblance to Hasbro's (HAS) old WWF figures. Lindsay Rittenhouse Jan 13, 2017 1:15 PM EST Trending Where to Get the Best Birthday Perks Here's Why Macy's Just Fired a Key Executive That Earned $900,000 a Year Watch Apple Try to Prove its Wacky New Airpods Won't Fall Out of Your Ears Most Outrageous Apple iPhone Cases You Just Have to See to Believe Ringling Brothers Circus Closes as Entertainment Companies Grapple With Animal Rights Questions Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Subscribe to Northwest Herald 31°FOvercastFull Forecast News News Home Local Crime and Courts State 2016 Election Results Nation/World Local Business Heroin crisis Business Town News and Info Government Police Reports Education Get App Get Newsletter Sports Sports Home Preps Bears Get App Bulls Blackhawks Cubs White Sox Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Features McHenry County Magazine Features Home Planit Northwest Best of the Fox Best Under 40 Auto Everyday Heroes Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies and TV Music Recipes Theater Women of Distinction Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columnists Editorial Cartoons Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Events Events Calendar Promotions & Events Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Club Book of Lists Business: Best Under 40 Business Milestones Campus Report Engagement Announcement Get your band featured Letters to the Editor Neighbors Connect Planit Pl@y online submission Recipe of the Week Service Report Share Your Photos Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Archive Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Pet of the Week Photos Photo Store Public Notices RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Town Info TV Listings Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Features Opinion Obits Video Planit Events Text Alerts Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Zion man found guilty of drug-induced homicide in Algonquin woman's death Published: Saturday, Jan. 14, 2017 12:05 a.m. CST • Updated: Saturday, Jan. 14, 2017 12:08 a.m. CST Caption James F. Linder By JORDYN REILAND jreiland @shawmedia.com WOODSTOCK – Jurors found a Zion man guilty on Friday of the drug-induced homicide of 21-year-old Danielle Barzyk. Jurors found that James F. Linder sold more than one gram of heroin to Barzyk’s boyfriend, Cody N. Hillier, on Jan. 30, 2015, in Zion. The couple returned to Algonquin and used the drugs at least three times, and just after 1 a.m. Barzyk told Hillier she was having trouble breathing and needed medical attention. Hillier and Barzyk met at a local rehabilitation facility in July 2014 and started dating. Hillier, who took the stand this week, said he and Barzyk relapsed in November 2014 and continued daily usage. When police arrived at the scene, they asked Hillier whether Barzyk had taken anything, and he said she was having an asthma attack. He later told responding officers and emergency personnel that she had taken Vicodin. Barzyk was taken to Advocate Sherman Hospital in Elgin, where she was pronounced dead. Hillier agreed to work with the North Central Narcotics Task force and bought additional heroin from Linder in a controlled narcotics transaction at a Wal-Mart in Zion. Linder was pulled over after the alleged drug deal, and officers located the money Hillier was given to buy the drugs, his wallet, a cellphone and additional cash. Linder was arrested and has since been held in the McHenry County Jail. Hillier previously pleaded guilty in May to unlawful possession and delivery of a controlled substance in this case and was sentenced to probation. He was rearrested in October after violating the terms of his probation. The jury began deliberations shortly before 11:30 a.m. Friday and returned with a verdict about two hours later. During closing arguments, Assistant State’s Attorney Randi Freese asked the jury to hold the defendant accountable. “He profited and preyed on the addiction and disease of Danielle and Cody,” Freese said. Freese said prosecutors proved their case beyond a reasonable doubt because they were able to show that Linder knowingly delivered heroin to Hillier, that the heroin was at least one gram or more, that Barzyk inhaled the heroin and that Barzyk died as a result of the inhalation. Freese said the most convincing evidence in the case against Linder came from his cellphone, which was taken from the defendant when he was arrested. The text messages documented conversations between Hillier and Linder regarding the two heroin purchases. There also were recorded phone calls between the two from Jan. 31, 2015, when Hillier was working with undercover officers. Freese said there was no doubt that Barzyk died of a heroin overdose based on testimony from two forensic pathologists who took the stand this week. “What happened to Danielle could have just as easily happened to Cody. They both used the heroin. … One died; one lived,” Freese said. Mitra Kalelkar and Hillary McElligott, who testified for the prosecution and defense, respectively, generally agreed Barzyk’s primary cause of death was a narcotics overdose. Kalelkar conducted Barzyk’s autopsy days after she died and examined a toxicology report prepared when coming to her conclusion of how Barzyk died. She said Barzyk’s lungs were heavier than normal from a significant amount of fluid and congestion, something she commonly sees in patients who overdose or drown. She also said she was aware of Barzyk’s history of asthma, but did not believe it was what caused her death. Hank Sugden, Linder’s attorney, said in closing arguments that prosecutors did not prove Linder delivered heroin to Hillier nor did they prove Barzyk died of a heroin overdose. Sugden said Barzyk and Hillier were both addicts who were aware of the danger of drugs. Sugden said, referencing Freese’s prior statement, that Hillier lived and Barzyk died not because she overdosed but because of the fact that she had an asthma attack. That was the major difference between the two, he said. McElligott said while she agreed the primary cause of death was related to a heroin overdose, she believed asthma was a major contributing factor. She said someone who is overdosing will appear as though they are falling asleep or passing out, but someone experiencing a severe asthma attack is more likely to gasp for air and be aware they are not breathing properly. Sugden also said prosecutors were unable to prove the heroin sold Jan. 30 was the same as the heroin sold Jan. 31, and could have done so through further testing. In response to Sugden’s statement about quality control, Assistant State’s Attorney John Gibbons said it would have been nearly impossible to do comparative testing because heroin dealers almost always have different product. He said that fact is proven when Linder told Hillier in a recorded phone call that he didn’t have the same stuff as Jan. 30 but had different product he could sell to him. Linder faces 15 to 30 years in prison. Based on previous convictions, he could receive an extended sentence that would result in 30 to 60 years in prison. He will remain in the McHenry County Jail without bond until his sentencing Feb. 24. Previous Page|1|2|3|Next Page| Comments Related Links Zion man found guilty of drug-induced homicide in Algonquin woman's death Medical experts differ how Algonquin woman died in drug-induced homicide trial Jurors see texts in connection with Algonquin drug overdose death McHenry County Sheriff's Office warns drivers of icy roads Boyfriend of Algonquin woman who overdosed testifies in drug-induced homicide trial Jury selection continues in drug-induced homicide trial Get breaking and town-specific news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from the Northwest Herald. More News McHenry County grand jury indictmentsJan. 14, 2017 - 11:56 pm East St. Louis man gets 34 years for Carpentersville drug deal, police chaseJan. 14, 2017 - 11:51 pm Zion man found guilty of drug-induced homicide in Algonquin woman's deathJan. 14, 2017 - 12:08 am Crime mugs for January 2017 in McHenry County areaJan. 13, 2017 - 1:00 am Medical experts differ how Algonquin woman died in drug-induced homicide trialJan. 13, 2017 - 12:52 am Jurors see texts in connection with Algonquin drug overdose deathJan. 12, 2017 - 12:50 am Comments Become a digital subscriber and get unlimited digital access. Subscribe Now. Already a subscriber? Reader Poll Are you going to watch Donald Trump's inauguration? Yes No I'll watch highlights later    Show results About Us | Contact Us | Submit News | Subscriber Services | Advertise | Place a Classified Ad | Feedback | RSS | Find Local Jobs Privacy Policy | Editorial Principles | Careers | About Our Ads | Cars on AutoTrader.com | Local Business Showcase Customer Service: (815) 459-8118 or toll-free (800) 589-9363 Copyright © 2017 Northwest Herald. All rights reserved. Published in Crystal Lake, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
toggle menu Be The Boss Kids Edition She's the Boss Entertainment Love & Relationships Hair Fashion Health MN Business Parenting WATCH MORE “I’m Happy For Patti, But It Should’ve Been Me” Miss Robbie Says Her Pies Should Be In Walmart January 13, 2017  |   By Brande Victorian 3 Comments Miss Robbie is showing no signs of slowing down as OWN prepares to bring back the fourth season of her reality show, “Welcome to Sweetie Pie’s.” In fact, the singer-turned-restaurateur says she’ll never retire — and she’s open to new revenue streams, like having her pies in Walmart, perhaps? In our interview with Miss Robbie and her son Tim, they shared Walmart has actually reached out to them several times over the years to sell Sweetie Pie’s goods in their stores. So why hasn’t it happened? Find out who’s fault that is and what’s next for the restaurant in the video above. Trending on MadameNoire View Comments Comment Disclaimer: Comments that contain profane or derogatory language, video links or exceed 200 words will require approval by a moderator before appearing in the comment section. XOXO-MN Pingback: “I’m Happy For Patti, But It Should’ve Been Me” Miss Robbie Says Her Pies Should Be In Walmart - Hip Hot Post() Pingback: “I’m Happy For Patti, But It Should’ve Been Me” Miss Robbie Says Her Pies Should Be In Walmart – It's Finn Waggin' Chin() Pingback: “I’m Happy For Patti, But It Should’ve Been Me” Miss Robbie Says Her Pies Should Be In Walmart - NaijaRepublic Site() Stay in the know. Sign up for the newsletter. Popular Stories Entertainment Love & Relationships Hair MN Business Health Terms of Use Advertising About Contact Us MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends, black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that. MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2010-2017 Moguldom Media Group. All Rights Reserved | Moguldom Multicultural
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -11 °C Clear Full Text Archive Newsletter Signup Events - Submit Now Blogs Submit a Story Wellness Brooke Henderson Contact Us Business Listings In Your Neighbourhood Local Ads Hot Topics Apartment Rentals Print Editions Photo Galleries Walk-in Clinics Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Ontario Canada World 1 hour ago Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Tugs finally free tanker stranded in Cape Breton, N.S., for a week Latest News SEE MORE Trivia and music night to support Renfrew’s Teddy Weiss Report points to wealth inequality in Canada PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey Olympics Soccer 27 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity 2 hours ago Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Blogs Cartoon Columns Columnists Editorial Letters Jan 13, 2017 Arnprior Public Library hosts New Year's eve gala It certainly wasn’t quiet in the Arnprior Public Library as the new year... Cartoon - NEASE - Brooke VIEW MORE OPINION Bridal Carleton Place Downtowner Emergency Preparedness Environment International Women's Day North Grenville Tourism Guide Perth Chamber Progress Visitor Guide Small Business Week Family Home & Garden Money Matters Wellness 13 hours ago Had a rough 2016? Tips for facing a new year Still reeling from a rough 2016? Tips for moving forward in the new year Community Stories SEE MORE The Music of Broadway comes to Arnprior Standing Room Only tea dance return to Almonte Jan. 22 Is it a cold or the flu and when to see the doctor Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals 5 ideas for growing your business Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood 8 ways to help improve your credit score Home News Kemptville student named finalist for prestigious... | Jan 13, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Kemptville student named finalist for prestigious Loran Award worth $100,000 William Van Vliet Jennifer Westendorp William Van Vliet, grade 12 student at St. Michael Catholic High School in Kemptville, has been selected as one of the finalists for the prestigious Loran Award, which is valued at $100,000 over four years of undergraduate study. next play/pause pre Kemptville Advance By Jennifer Westendorp Just being named as a finalist for the Loran Award is a major accomplishment. Local student, William Van Vliet, has done just that. And he has a pretty good chance of taking home the prestigious award, which is valued at $100,000 over four years of undergraduate study. Van Vliet, a grade 12 student at St. Michael Catholic High School in Kemptville, is “honoured” just to be considered for the award. More than 4,400 students applied this year and 84 finalists were selected nationwide. The Loran Award is considered Canada’s most comprehensive undergraduate scholarship for character, service and leadership. “Even if I don’t win, I’ve already made amazing connections – met amazing people,” said Van Vliet. He attended his first series of interviews for the Loran Award in Ottawa back in December. He will also be at the Loran Scholars Foundation's national selections in Toronto on Feb. 3 and 4. After national selections, the Loran Scholars Foundation will select up to 32 Loran Scholars. If chosen as a Loran Scholar, Van Vliet would be the first ever from Kemptville. If not selected as a scholar, every finalist is eligible to receive a $3,000 finalist award. “I was talking to a former winner and he told me the $100,000 is more so you don’t have financial worries, but the biggest opportunity is the networking,” said Van Vliet. “The Loran Scholars have their own community, like university alumni. Those connections really help you, especially with business commerce, which is what I am interested in.” “This is an opportunity to meet a lot of young leaders,” he continued. To even be mentioned in the same sentence as former winners of the Loran Award is “unbelievable,” he explained. “It’s an achievement to even get this far.” Van Vliet is being considered for the award for spearheading the expansion of the intramural sports program at St. Mike’s. He has also served as captain of various sports teams, including hockey and cross-country, and volunteers as a basketball coach. He began volunteering at the Kemptville District Hospital at the tender age of eight, and has continued to do so for the past decade. “The hospital is our social wellness hub,” he explained. “Being involved with that is very important.” Van Vliet also works part-time as an e-commerce associate at the Kemptville Walmart. “I am part of the Walmart pick-up team. I helped initiate that program and was the only student chosen to do so,” he said. “Having the brick and mortar, and then having the online entity, and bringing that together – I think that’s really intuitive.” Having a strong community is important, he explained. “I wanted to make sure everything I am doing is for the community – be that a school, a hockey team or the community you live in.” He has applied to the University of Toronto, McGill University and Queen’s University, though he has his heart set on Queen’s, where he plans to study business commerce. “My dream job incorporates all I’ve done – community, sports and business,” said Van Vliet. “I would love to be the general manager of an NBA team, because I love basketball, but also because the NBA is the most progressive league in North American sports.” “That being said, that’s a dream job,” he continued. “I really like finance and economics, so maybe work with a bank or agency of some sort. I also enjoy marketing, so if I could combine all those, I always thought that would be cool.” About Loran Scholars Foundation The Loran Scholars Foundation is a national charity that partners with 25 universities to invest in young Canadians who demonstrate character, service and leadership potential. LORAN, short for Long-Range Aid to Navigation, is a system that uses three points (character, service and leadership) to determine one's course for a long journey. Jennifer Westendorp is the reporter for the Kemptville Advance. She studied journalism-print at Algonquin College. Her interests include reading, writing and being outdoors. | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News Community Heart Jam tickets on sale; show returns to Carleton Place Feb. 5 Snapshot News Keys to CHEO Dream Home turned over to Carleton Place resident Snapshot News Trivia and music night to support Renfrew’s Teddy Weiss Snapshot News Smiths Falls Police release description of man sought in armed robbery Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos National Research Council of Canada Trudeau says ISIL mission, Keystone came up in chat with Obama Photo Gallery Bears vs Cumberland Photo Gallery Packers earn 5-2 win over Blue Wings The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Smiths Falls Police release description of man sought in armed robbery Two charged in summertime spray painting of Almonte murals Driver of tractor trailer faces three charges in Jan. 12 Tay Valley collision Kemptville student named finalist for prestigious Loran Award worth $100,000 ‘This topic is a disruptor’: Hundreds come out to basic income consultation in Smiths Falls In Your Neighbourhood Today Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... 5 ideas for growing your business There are a number of ways to boost your business through effective marketing and offering unique... WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths Robo advisors have become a popular alternative to traditional financial advisors, and their... A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology For many Canadians, cash is no longer king. Increasingly, consumers are choosing the ease,... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Winter is coming, and Ontario municipalities are ready for it! Snow plows are standing by, plow... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... Adequate startup cash is essential for a successful business venture You know the old saying — it takes money to make money. This principle still holds true today if... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition When it comes to running a successful business venture, there's more to it than keeping an eye on... SPONSORED CONTENT View More MORE NEWS Trivia and music night to support Renfrew’s Teddy Weiss PQ would adopt "Buy Quebecois Act" if elected Canada must stay nimble in Trump era: Barton Group urges more indigenous pipeline monitoring Five things to watch for in Canadian business PreviousNext Body of missing snowmobiler recovered Canada gets 150th birthday gift - the beaver genome Ottawa Valley Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Print Editions Site Map Staff Directory Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites DurhamRegion.com InsideBelleville.com InsideBrockville.com KingstonRegion.com MyKawartha.com NorthumberlandNews.com OttawaCommunityNews.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What Is the Best Way to Invest a Surprise Cash Windfall? Listener John has already maxed out his workplace retirement account and has no credit card debt. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Jan 13, 2017 at 1:38PM In this segment from the Motley Fool Answers podcast, Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp welcome Sean Gates to the show as they answer listener questions. This time, the team considers the best options for a lump sum of cash when the recipient has already been doing all the right things financially. Should he pay down his mortgage or invest it -- and if invest, then where? A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Dec. 13, 2016. Alison Southwick: The first one comes to us from John in Pennsylvania. "I recently received a lump sum of money and am wondering what the best thing to do with it would be." Aside from mailing it to us. Robert Brokamp: Of course. Southwick: Motley Fool, 2000 Duke Street, 4th Floor, Alexandria, VA 22314. John writes: "My wife and I already have our emergency fund in place and are maxed out on our workplace retirement contributions and IRAs." Brokamp: Nice. Southwick: "We also don't have any credit card debt." Sean Gates: Woo! Brokamp: Wow! Southwick: Gold star. Brokamp: Yes. Southwick: "We are debating whether to pay down some of our debt or invest the money. Our current debts are a mortgage at 3.375% and two cars (one at 2.49% and one at 2.99%). I know that investing the money would give us the chance to earn a higher rate than our debts charge in interest, but I also like the idea of getting a guaranteed return by paying off some debt. Thanks so much, and I love the podcast." What should John do? Brokamp: Well, the first thing to do is look at the interest rates on the debt. Given what he has said about his financial circumstances, I'm going to assume that he can deduct his mortgage interest, which then says that maybe there's some value to keeping that debt. The rates are very low, so you'd think long term you'd be able to invest that money and exceed the rates of that interest. That said, there is a psychological benefit to paying off debt. I was in this same situation where we got some money and we decided to pay off a car loan. But then what we have decided to do is the money that was going each month to the car loan is now going to go to our kids' 529. So we paid off the debt, but then we're using that as a way to put some more money in savings, as well. Gates: And I think it's a case-by-case basis. There's studies that show that if you have a cash cushion, you're happier, so maybe having that money set aside in a retirement account or in an investable account (just knowing it's there, rather than locked up in a mortgage or in a car payment) is helpful. So there's a lot of different ways to look at it, but I think investing it, especially if you're young, is a good way to go, but you're never offbeat if you pay down debt. Brokamp: Right. Southwick: Sorry. I'm having a hard time figuring out what your answer is. Some people like to go that way. Other people like to go that way. Brokamp: If you were to base it just on long-term, historical numbers ... Gates: Yes ... Brokamp: ... you'd have a higher net worth by investing that money and keeping the debt. The debt is crazy low. I don't expect the stock market to return that mythic 10% annually a year over the long term, but you'd still probably have more money by investing it. That said, if you feel better by paying off the debt, that's not a bad idea. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Jan 13, 2017 at 1:38PM Investment Planning Read More Can You Cut $4,500 From Your 2017 Tax Bill? Social Security: Would Trump Veto a Republican Retirement-Age Hike? Which Is Better: Lump Sum Payment vs. Defined Benefit Pension? 4 Smart 401(k) Moves You Can Make in 2017 How Do You Calculate Investment Returns When You Keep Adding Principal? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool What Is the Best Way to Invest a Surprise Cash Windfall? #stocks
US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts Kellyanne Conway: Details of Russia investigation should be kept secret ‘to protect the public’ Conn. Republican arrested for grabbing woman’s genitals — his lawyer says it was ‘a playful gesture’ ‘They’ll be beautifully covered’: Trump won’t talk specifics of new health plan but says it’s ‘great’ ‘You are so predictable’: Twitter excoriates Trump over weekly anti-SNL tweets Scandal-plagued megachurch pastor Bishop Eddie Long dies of cancer Israeli spies: Trump ‘golden showers’ dossier only one of many troubling reports being investigated WATCH: Alec Baldwin returns to SNL to brutally mock Donald Trump’s Russian pee-pee parties ‘Ugh’: 3 Doors Down fans respond to news the band is playing Trump’s inauguration ‘How dare you!’: Atlanta Journal-Constitution’s front page rips Trump for attacking John Lewis A ‘prayer shield’ and a ‘wall of meat’: Christians and bikers vow to protect Trump at inauguration How Trump could kill a plan to get you overtime pay Justin Elliott, ProPublica 13 Jan 2017 at 14:40 ET                    US Republican candidate Donald Trump speaks during the final presidential debate in Las Vegas, Nevada, on October 19, 2016 (AFP Photo/Saul Loeb) Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory Donald Trump ran for president as the billionaire who would champion working people. As the president-elect put it in one of the major economic speeches of his campaign: “Too many of our leaders have forgotten that it’s their duty to protect the jobs, wages and well-being of American workers before any other consideration.” One of the first tests of Trump’s pledge to help workers will come in how his administration handles the complicated rules that govern who has the right to time-and-a-half overtime pay. Business groups and Republican state attorneys general sued to stop an Obama administration rule that would expand who gets overtime pay. A federal court temporarily blocked the rule in November. Now the Trump administration will decide whether to continue defending the rule in court. At stake is the possibility of overtime pay for about 4 million workers around the country. To get a sense of how big a deal that is: The still-sketchy deal to save factory jobs at a Carrier plant in Indiana 2014 the subject of numerous Trump tweets and extensive media coverage 2014 affected 1,000 or fewer workers. Here’s how overtime works now Most employees in the country have the legal right to time-and-a-half overtime pay if they work more than 40 hours in a week. But there’s a major exception to that: white-collar workers. So who qualifies as a white-collar worker? The government has a test for that. To be considered a white-collar worker who does not qualify for overtime pay: You have to be paid a salary and not by the hour. You have to make more than $455 per week 2014 the equivalent of $23,660 per year. And you have to work in certain types of jobs, including executive, administrative or professional positions. That has nothing to do with your title, but rather is defined by the nature of your job. For example, executive employees have to, among other things, supervise other workers. Here are more details on how it all works. Labor advocates say some employers have been playing games with who is considered a white-collar worker. There have been a series of lawsuits and settlements outlining how, for example, the dollar store industry classifies employees as managers to avoid paying overtime. Some workers classified as managers spent much of their time doing the same manual labor as their subordinates. Halliburton in 2015 agreed to pay $18 million in back wages for overtime to about 1,000 employees who worked as pipe recovery specialists and drilling advisers, among other jobs. The company acknowledged it had improperly classified those workers as exempt from the overtime rules. Walmart paid a $4.8 million settlement in 2012 for not paying security guards and other employees overtime they were due. The Obama administration argues that the current overtime salary threshold, which was last raised in 2004 and has been eroded by inflation, is outdated. According to the Department of Labor, in 1975, 62 percent of full-time salaried workers were eligible for overtime based on their pay. That compares to just 7 percent today. The Obama rule would make another 4 million people eligible for overtime The most important change made by the Obama administration was raising the salary threshold below which you generally have the right to overtime pay, regardless of your job duties. The new level 2014 which is currently on hold because of the pending lawsuit 2014 is $913 per week, or $47,476 per year. That’s double the old standard of $23,660 per year. The Department of Labor has calculated that the new rule could benefit 4.2 million workers around the country. The affected workers would either start getting overtime for any time worked over 40 hours a week, or their salaries would have to be increased above the new threshold. Business groups opposing the rule, most prominently the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, argued that “the salary threshold is going to result in significant new labor costs and cause many disruptions in how work gets done” including by reducing “workplace flexibility, remote electronic access to work, and opportunities for career advancement.” Some employers, acting on the expectation that the rule would go into effect, have already raised salaries. The biggest name on the list is Walmart, which bumped starting pay for some managers from $45,000 to $48,500 in order to exempt them from overtime pay. Politico reported that other employers that had promised pay increases, including several universities, have now cancelled the raises in light of the uncertainty around whether the rule will actually go in effect. (Have you heard anything from your employer about overtime changes? Tell us about it.) Trump’s pick for labor secretary has attacked the idea of expanding overtime, and the president-elect himself seems skeptical When Trump was asked about the rule in August, he spoke of “a delay or a carve-out of sorts for our small business owners.” It’s not clear from his comments that Trump actually knew the details of the pending Obama changes. The Trump transition team didn’t response to a request for comment. The Department of Justice also declined to comment about what could happen in the lawsuit after Jan. 20. Andrew Puzder, Trump’s pick to be secretary of labor and the CEO of a fast-food company, has spoken out strongly against the overtime rule. In a 2014 Wall Street Journal op-ed, Puzder warned against “rewarding time spent rather than time well spent.” “What they lose in overtime pay they gain in the stature and sense of accomplishment that comes from being a salaried manager,” Puzder said of workers trying to climb the management ladder. The fate of the rule depends on how things play out in a lawsuit that will drag on past the inauguration In September, business groups including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce along with 21 states sued to block the new overtime rule. In late November, a federal judge in Texas temporarily blocked the rule from going into effect, which was supposed to happen Dec. 1. The judge also signaled he is likely to eventually side with the business groups, though it’s not clear when that ruling will come. As of right now, the case is proceeding on two fronts, in both the district court and appeals court. The only thing that’s known for sure is the litigation will continue past Jan. 20. At that point, the Trump administration could decide to stop defending the rule or not to appeal any judgment against it. Fearing that outcome, the AFL-CIO is trying to intervene in the case, hoping to continue defending the new rule if the Trump administration drops it. The district court hasn’t yet ruled on that motion. ProPublica is a Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative newsroom. Sign up for their newsletter. Report typos and corrections to corrections@rawstory.com About the Author Next on Raw Story > John Lewis is a true American profile in courage By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address New Stories John Lewis is a true American profile in courage Filmmaker Michael Moore organizing star-studded pre-inauguration rally for NYC Trump says more countries could exit EU over refugee migration Chronic winter headaches may he due to vitamin D deficiency ‘They’ll be beautifully covered’: Trump won’t talk specifics of new health plan but says it’s ‘great’ News from idealmedia.com New Videos A president needs ‘stamina’ and ‘thick skin’: Obama subtly jabs Trump in last presidential interview A ‘prayer shield’ and a ‘wall of meat’: Christians and bikers vow to protect Trump at inauguration Pro-Trump pastor goes ballistic on CNN: ‘Since when did Russia become a threat?’ WATCH: Colorado Republican secretly flees town hall to avoid constituents mad about gutting Obamacare Reince Priebus resorts to intimidation: ‘The head of the government ethics ought to be careful’ SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
Breaking News U.S.+ Crime + JusticeEnergy + EnvironmentExtreme WeatherSpace + Science U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram 'She believed in helping people': Remembering Master Sgt. Debra Clayton By Robert Ray and Nick Valencia, CNN Updated 9:01 AM ET, Fri January 13, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Slain Orlando officer was community activist Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Slain Orlando officer was community activist 02:17 Story highlights Master Sgt. Debra Clayton cared deeply about Orlando's youth "Everything she worked for, she died for," her son says Watch "New Day" and "CNN Newsroom" each Friday to see inspiring stories of officers going above and beyond the call of duty. Orlando, Florida (CNN)The legacy of Master Sgt. Debra Clayton is one of compassion, hope, and inspiration. "She was a police officer, but she was a community activist. She believed in helping people and her hand was always out to help you," said Jack Williams, one of Clayton's closest friends. Clayton, 42, died Monday morning, shot and killed outside a Walmart by a suspect on the run. She was one of two officers Orlando lost that day. A few hours later, Norman Lewis, a deputy first class with the Orange County Sheriff's Office, was killed in an vehicle accident while searching for Clayton's assailant. JUST WATCHED 2 officers dead in Orlando manhunt Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 2 officers dead in Orlando manhunt 01:14 Clayton grew up in Orlando. She went on to the University of Central Florida and received a master's degree. She is being remembered for her service to the community, intelligence and passion to bring people together. She had worked for the police department for 17 years. Read More At a vigil just two days after Clayton's death, hundreds lit candles, sang, wept and paid respect to a woman they knew as a living hero. "She was a good-hearted person, and she always wanted what was best for anybody," said a tearful Ashley Thomas, Clayton's sister. This loss only strengthens our resolve to fight for justice. Sgt. Clayton grew up in this area and made it her life's work to protect it. pic.twitter.com/4r1ZVj5JLe— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 9, 2017 Johnny, the 21-year-old son of Clayton, had a message about his mother: "She was the prime example, everything she worked for, she died for." The past several years were troubling for Clayton. Tensions between the black community and police in cities across the country inspired her to speak directly to Orlando neighborhoods, hoping to mend the divide. Sgt. Clayton was extremely active with @pkzorlando. She loved working with kids and they loved her too! Rest peacefully, Sarge. pic.twitter.com/Xfpm4ctiqP— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 9, 2017 "The police are here to help you. We are not here to hurt you; we are here to help you," she told dozens of residents this past summer at an Orlando Police Department event. At a wreath-laying ceremony for Clayton, police Chief John Mina talked emotionally about her commitment to unite Orlando. "Great, great police officer. Great leader in our agency, really led by example with the things she did in our community," Mina said. Many have asked how they can help. There's a fund for Master Sgt. Clayton's family. This is the ONLY official fund. https://t.co/QfjYmY3nrg pic.twitter.com/ih2RQxurhI— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 10, 2017 So much of Clayton's legacy is of service. In 2015, she helped chaperone two busloads of Orlando-area youngsters who went to Washington as part of the anti-violence Million Youth Peace March. The past several years, she also helped with a "Stop the Violence" rally, an annual vigil that commemorates the people in Orlando and Orange County who have died in the past year from gun violence. One commendation Sgt. Clayton received in her 17 years at OPD. In this one, @ChiefJohnMina says "we can count on you to go that extra mile" pic.twitter.com/3RvSxRp5Da— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 9, 2017 Williams' tears ran heavy as he spoke of his friend's smile and kindness. "Just thinking about her. I'm going to miss her, I'm going to miss her." The funeral for Clayton is set for 2 p.m. Saturday at First Baptist Church in Orlando. Content by LendingTree Rates now at 3.2% APR (15 Yr Fixed). Do you qualify? Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Not enough homeowners claim these amazing federal incentives The amazing VA benefits not enough vets are claiming People are stockpiling miles with this insane credit card Paid Partner Content 10 mind-blowing credit cards charging 0% interest until 2018 NextAdvisor 11 stocks to buy before Trump takes office The Motley Fool Transferring your balance to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious NextAdvisor Manhattan real estate for sale Trulia Top 7 cards for excellent credit NextAdvisor Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices Advertise with us About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In E-Commerce Business Boardroom Deals Service Providers Tech Law Wall Street E-Commerce Analytics Entertainment Marketing Online Advertising Piracy Search Enterprise IT Applications Cloud Computing Government Infrastructure Mobile BYOD Carriers M-Commerce Mobile Advertising Security Consumer Security Cybercrime Enterprise Security Privacy SMB Social Media Social Media Marketing Social Networks Trends Expert Advice Hot Topics Opinions Trailblazers  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map January 15, 2017 06:44:28 PM PST E-Commerce Times > E-Commerce | Next Article in E-Commerce Amazon Growth Spurt to Create 100K New Jobs Print Email By Richard Adhikari Jan 13, 2017 8:57 AM PT Ecommerce marketers have discovered a way to make more money while better engaging their customers at scale. By using Klaviyo to target, personalize & optimize their emails, companies like Chubbies & Huckberry see better results. Try Klaviyo for Free. Amazon on Thursday announced it will create more than 100,000 new jobs across the United States over the next 18 months, ranging from entry-level opportunities to positions for engineers and software developers. All will be full-time jobs with full benefits. Many of the jobs will be in new fulfillment centers currently under construction in Texas, California, Florida, New Jersey and other states. The company increased investments in its fulfillment centers and in video content in 2016, Chief Financial Officer Brian Olsavsky said in a conference call following its third-quarter earnings report last fall. The announcement "shows Amazon's bullish on the U.S. economy," said Andreas Scherer, managing partner at Salto Partners. Although most of the new jobs will be in Amazon's growing number of fulfillment centers, the company's aggressive expansion of its cloud business also "means more jobs for engineers and software developers to run its massive IT infrastructure," he told the E-Commerce Times. Further, Amazon is seeking new ways to handle its own package delivery, which "means significant job opportunities to support the logistics value chain," Scherer said. What About the Robots? Amazon's fulfillment centers are highly automated. The company has deployed at least 45,000 robots in them so far, and plans to continue automating processes. That raises the question of whether the fulfillment center new hires might be replaced by robots. "The short answer: not any time soon," said Seth Lippincott, a senior research analyst at Nucleus Research. Amazon "will need to hire a lot of very smart people to successfully implement the automation projects it has planned," he told the E-Commerce Times. "Those high-skill, technical jobs aren't going to be replaced by automation." Further, Amazon is taking on Walmart, which "did over (US)$70 billion in U.S. net sales," Lippincott noted, and "the turf grab seems to make more sense in the near term than trying to squeeze out efficiencies." Making America Great Again Amazon is "summarizing the jobs program in advance of the inauguration," observed Ray Wang, CEO of Constellation Research. Its announcement shows that it is "aligning with the overall 'Make America Great Again' message on job creation," he told the E-Commerce Times. CEO Jeff Bezos is offering an olive branch to President-elect Donald Trump by getting behind his job creation agenda, Scherer suggested. The two had "butted heads over the role of The Washington Post during the election," he noted. Bezos owns the Post. Incoming president Donald Trump "is now a gift to Amazon," suggested Trip Chowdhry, managing director of equity research at Global Equities Research. Amazon's announcement, Tesla's pledge to build its gigafactories in the U.S., and Alibaba Group's promise to bring a million jobs to the U.S. "are very good signals that companies expanding and investing in their footprint will do well," he told the E-Commerce Times. Amazon's Future Path Amazon's moves "suggest it believes the American consumer market is still strong and will continue to be so," said Nucleus Research's Lippincott. Amazon's North America sales in Q3 totaled $18.87 billion, which was below the $19.09 billion analysts had expected, he noted, but it "might be going through some growing pains, where sales figures lag to catch up with the investments it has made. I don't think it is under threat in the e-commerce department." Amazon Web Services brought in revenues of $3.23 billion in Q3, beating Wall Street projections of $3.17 billion, and analysts expect AWS to account for a growing proportion of the company's earnings. AWS could deliver 43-50 percent revenue growth for the next three to five years, Global Equities Research projected last month. There are "a lot of potential areas where [Amazon] can expand," Lippincott suggested. "Its technology plays are some of the fastest-growing parts of the business." Jobs growth lies in the tech sector, Constellation Research's Wang pointed out, and with Amazon's investments in technology, it is "gaining on its rivals, which gives it a competitive advantage." Richard Adhikari has written about high-tech for leading industry publications since the 1990s and wonders where it's all leading to. Will implanted RFID chips in humans be the Mark of the Beast? Will nanotech solve our coming food crisis? Does Sturgeon's Law still hold true? You can connect with Richard on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by Richard Adhikari Reader Comments Be the first to comment! Related Stories Apple May Show Up Fashionably Late at the Original TV Party Jan 12, 2017 Oracle's Cloud Strategy: A Fine Balance Jan 11, 2017 Crowd Forms on Alexa Bandwagon Jan 5, 2017 News Alerts Robotics Activate Alert | Search Archives E-commerce Activate Alert | Search Archives Create Your Own News Alerts More in E-Commerce Instagram Stories to Feature Video Ads Medium Slashes Staff, Aims to Fix 'Broken' Model Bitcoin Rides the Uncertainty Wave Engagio CEO Jon Miller: How to Land a Whale 2016: The Year That Was 2017: AI's Coming Out Party Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by Richard Adhikari Nintendo Banks on Switch Hit New Facebook Project Aims to Strengthen Journalism Pentagon Battle-Tests Micro Drone Swarm New CEO to Guide FinancialForce's Ambitious Growth Plans Apple's Great App Store Sales May Not Signify Much Snapdragon-Powered AR Smartglasses Are the Real Deal Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts If I had a self-driving car, I would most likely use my travel time to... Work Nap Read Watch movies or TV Play video games Connect with friends Nervously watch the road Vote to See Results TechNewsWorld Nintendo Banks on Switch Hit New Facebook Project Aims to Strengthen Journalism Gadget Ogling: The CES Spectacular Edition St. Jude Medical Patches Cardiac Machine's Cybersecurity Flaw Pentagon Battle-Tests Micro Drone Swarm iPhone at 10: The Best Is Yet to Come? CES 2017's Magic Las Vegas Captures Ransomware Crown CRM Buyer Top CRM Blogs of 2016: Countdown, Part 1 Oracle's Cloud Strategy: A Fine Balance Eagle Creek CRM Director Sandeep Kadam: What Today's Customers Want New CEO to Guide FinancialForce's Ambitious Growth Plans Customer Service Takes a Turn Engagio CEO Jon Miller: How to Land a Whale Radius CEO Darian Shirazi: Solve for Data Decay Sales, Marketing Poised for AI Revolution ECT News Network on Twitter Tweets about "TechNewsWorld" LinuxInsider Devs Alerted to Long-Delayed Android Wear 2.0 Reboot Min Browser Muffles the Web's Noise Google, FCA Test-Drive New Open Source Infotainment System Absolute Linux Caters to the Slackware Crowd Docker Delivers Containerd to Open Source Community CrateDB Launches Machine Data Innovations Torvalds Releases Hefty Linux Kernel Update New Smartwatch OS Debuts on GitHub SPONSOR RESOURCES Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. E-Commerce Times Headlines E-Commerce Times Apple May Show Up Fashionably Late at the Original TV Party The Crystallization of Salesforce's IoT Strategy Instagram Stories to Feature Video Ads Yahoo Makes Plans Amid Doubts Over Verizon Deal Atlassian Scoops Up Trello for $425 Million Medium Slashes Staff, Aims to Fix 'Broken' Model Apple's Great App Store Sales May Not Signify Much Which Wireless Carrier Is Best for You? Inside E-Commerce Times Cloud Computing Cloud Enters Mainstream in Federal IT Investment Plans Salesforce Releases Texting Customer Service Chatbot Microsoft and Intel's Project Evo Ups the PC Game Enterprise IT Bitcoin Rides the Uncertainty Wave Germany Could Ding Facebook for Fake News Apple, Ireland Balk at EU's Bill for Back Taxes Exclusives Aptean SVP Matt Keenan: CRM Needs to Be Intuitive Marketo VP Mike Telem: ABM Lets You Dust Off Old Marketing Techniques AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Expert Advice Creating the Right Business Culture for Success The Lego-ization of Software, or the Rise of Snap-On SaaS Are Your Sales Tools Turning A-Performers Into B-Performers? Hot Topics 2016: The Year That Was Is Peter Thiel the Most Powerful Person in Tech? Uber Staff Still Stalking Customers, Claims Suit Marketing 2017: AI's Coming Out Party Demandbase's CEO Chris Golec: Finding the Companies That Should Be Buying From You Apple Celebrates Itself in $300 Coffee Table Tome Mobile Samsung May Unleash a Beast Fitbit Pulls Pebble From Rock, Hard Place Without Numbers, Cook's Apple Watch Claims May Be Hollow Security Norton Core Router Gives Home Security a New Design Evernote Toes the Privacy Line 2017: More Apple Security Flaws, Cyberattacks, Hacktivisim SMB Zenefits Pays the Piper Microsoft Trolls Small Biz With Outlook CRM Tool Kobe Bryant Pours Energy - and Money - Into Tech Social Media Fact-Checking the President-Elect's Tweets Facebook Investors Slam Zuckerberg, Andreessen LinkedIn Begins New Chapter Under Microsoft's Wing Spotlight Features Traversing the Social Media Minefield China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Trends Nvidia Lays Out Bold Strategy at CES Gadget Ogling: Floating Speakers, Neckbrace Audio, and Charming Caffeine Fixes Looking Ahead to CES: This Will Be a Big One Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Will Costco Wholesale Corporation Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Here's why the warehouse retailer looks set to raise its dividend again in 2017. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Jan 13, 2017 at 1:06PM Image source: The Motley Fool.  Costco Wholesale (NASDAQ:COST) is not yet a Dividend Aristocrat, but in many ways the warehouse retailer has the hallmarks of one. With its membership-based business model, the company has an economic moat that has allowed it to consistently grow revenue and profits for the last 30 years to become one of the biggest retailers in the world today.  Though Costco pays a modest dividend yield at just 1.1%, it has been generous to shareholders offering large special dividend payouts twice in the last five years. Costco began paying a dividend in 2004 and has raised it every year since then, or 12 years in a row, from just $0.10 a quarter to now $0.45. The company has raised every year by at least 10%. What can investors expect for 2017?  Considering that Costco has raised its dividend every year for the last 12 years, it seems essentially guaranteed that it will hike it again this 2017. Costco generally raises its dividend in the spring so investors should expect the company to announce the dividend increase within the next two to three months. Last year, the company raised its quarterly distribution from $0.40 to $0.45, and I would expect a similar increase this year.  Though Costco's profit growth has slowed in recent years, the company's ratio is only about 33%, meaning it should be able to raise its dividend for at least a few years before it has to worry about it eating into its cash flow.  Analysts expect earnings per share to grow by about 11% this year, enough to justify hiking the dividend payout by the same amount. Looking further ahead, the retailer looks like it's in good shape to join peers like Wal-Mart and Target down the line as a Dividend Aristocrat, or a company that has raised its dividend payout every year for 25 years straight. While much of brick-and-mortar retail has been challenged, including Wal-Mart and Target, which have been forced to slow their dividend increases in recent years, Costco has proven more resilient. Its same-store sales continue to grow, though not as fast as they did before, and its member retention rate is near 90%, indicating that its customers are overwhelmingly satisfied with its service. Membership fees make up about two-thirds of Costco's operating profits so they are crucial to its business. Costco is also expected to raise its membership fee this year, which should pad its bottom line further. Though concerns have been growing about the threat Amazon.com and its Prime membership program pose to Costco, the warehouse retailer has looked solid thus far, despite Prime operating with a similar business model. With its buy-in-bulk service, it's difficult for almost anyone to compete with Costco's prices as it sells its products at the smallest of markups. However, as technologies like autonomous vehicles and drone delivery threaten to upend traditional retail, Costco could see its customers increasingly flee to e-commerce channels like Amazon. The long-term dividend outlook At a P/E near 30, Costco has a higher valuation than most of its peers. That valuation also keeps its dividend yield low as the payout is a function of its earnings. Over the next five to 10 years, Costco's valuation is likely to moderate as earnings growth slows, which should make the yield more appealing to dividend investors. As long as profits continue to grow, I'd expect Costco to keep up its strong pace of dividend increases. For investors looking for solid dividend growth stock, Costco is a good place to start. Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Jan 13, 2017 at 1:06PM Consumer Goods Stocks Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $161.85 down $0.02 (-0.01%) Read More 4 Things Costco's CFO Wants Investors to Know What Does It Cost to Join Costco, Sam's Club, and BJ's? 3 Stocks With a Lot to Prove in December How Risky Is Costco Wholesale Co.? 2 Stocks With Better Dividends Than Costco Wholesale Corporation Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Will Costco Wholesale Corporation Raise Its Dividend in 2017? #stocks $COST
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What’s Next for High-Yield BDCs in 2017 For BDCs, activism is out and rising rates are in -- but beware. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Jan 13, 2017 at 11:41AM The best business development companies are performing spectacularly well, while the worst are down in the dumps. But don't expect activists to bail out the industry's laggards. With the median BDC trading at a mere 10% discount to book value, there just isn't enough profit potential to get activists excited about in 2017. In this segment of Industry Focus: Financials, join The Motley Fool's Gaby Lapera and Jordan Wathen as they discuss why activist investors will stay out of BDCs in 2017 and why rising interest rates may not be the boon that investors expect in the year ahead. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 9, 2017. Gaby Lapera: "There's more dispersion in performance." Jordan Wathen: I think that's absolutely true. If you look on a price-to-book-value basis, the lowest priced BDC sells for one-seventh of the highest priced BDC on a price-to-book basis. I don't think there's any other way to say that definitely happened. The BDCs that are performing really well have traded really well, and the BDCs that have credit issues this year have just done terribly. Lapera: Yeah. I looked at it, that means you get nine out of 12 correct, which is 75%. Cs are for degrees, so are Ds, but you know what? You definitely passed. Wathen: (laughs) Did I pass? And, the important thing to remember, I want to point this out, is that a lot of these predictions, if you nail one, you'll nail another. I said this before the show, but if you predict that it's going to be a very cold winter and the price of heating oil is going to go up, then you're probably going to get both of them right or both of them wrong. Balance it out. Lapera: Definitely. Do you have any predictions for next year? Er, this year? Wathen: Generally, first of all, activism, I think, is on hold. The median BDC trades at a 10% discount to book, so there's not really enough meat there, not enough room to make some money if you get in and mix things up. Secondly, this is really more of a warning, you really need to be very careful about this idea that rising rates will be generally good for BDCs, and you'll get all these dividend increases. I think what will happen, and what we'll see, is that over time, rising rates will lead to higher income, but it'll offset would-be dividend cuts, rather than lead to increasing dividends to investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Jan 13, 2017 at 11:41AM Financials Read More Bank of Marin's Free Checking Means Higher Profits Is JPMorgan Chase Stock Cheap or Expensive? New Year's Resolution and a Prediction Scoreboard The Most Important Part of Bank of America's Earnings Report Wells Fargo Reports a Rare Disappointing Quarter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool What’s Next for High-Yield BDCs in 2017 #stocks
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Sunday, January 15, 2017 Kingston, ON -3° Clear Sponsored by: Haven Home ClimateCare Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Homes UR Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Features Videos Contests Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Playoff Pool Women In Business Nomination Form More Local Ontario Canada World News Local Police arrest shoplifter with ambitious haul By Steph Crosier, Kingston Whig-Standard Friday, January 13, 2017 7:10:35 EST PM Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error A Kingston man was arrested following a foot pursuit after police responded to a complaint of shoplifting downtown on Thursday night. A Kingston Police news release states that at approximately 9:30 p.m., a man entered the LCBO on Barrack Street carrying a bag. Staff report that the man then concealed four bottles of liquor worth approximately $200 in a bag and left the store without paying. Police were called and officers in the area were able to respond quickly. They found the accused a short distance from the LCBO, but he tried to run from them. After a brief foot pursuit, the accused was captured and the liquor was recovered. A 46-year-old man has been charged by police with theft under $5,000 and was taken into custody. He was later released on a promise to appear in court at a later date. Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Fashion Fancy That Cleaning Services Molly Maid Real Estate RealtySource - Joel Millard Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with The Kingston Whig-Standard Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options E-Editions Kingston View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow The Kingston Whig-Standard Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Curling Other Sports Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Money Homes Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Videos Contests Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Playoff Pool Women In Business Nomination Form Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Features City Notices My Flyers Autonet Homes Extra Grand Theatre Fundraising Campaign Real-Estate Directories Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print The Kingston Whig-Standard Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 The Kingston Whig-Standard. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
