Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide Colorado Girls Elevated Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Search the site Aurora, CO 27°F   Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Subscribe to a free E-dition 27°F Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide Colorado Girls Elevated Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated Facilities in Aurora part of Wal-Mart’s expansion The jobs Wal-Mart announced this week will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. It’s unclear just how many of those will be at the two new Aurora facilities. BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS, Updated: January 18, 2017 3:28 pm Follow @BizAurora AURORA | Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The news comes on the heels of two major Wal-Mart announcements for Aurora just last year — a sprawling 169-acre distribution center in Aurora near Denver International Airport, and a new drive-up pick-up center for online purchases at East Quincy Avenue and South Parker Road. The jobs Wal-Mart announced this week will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. It’s unclear just how many of those will be at the two new Aurora facilities. A spokesperson for Wal-Mart did not respond to a request for comment about the Aurora locations. This former gas station will become a drive through where customers can pick up online orders on Friday May 27, 2016 at Parker and Quincy. Photo by Gabriel Christus/Aurora Sentinel This former gas station will become a drive through where customers can pick up online orders on Friday May 27, 2016 at Parker and Quincy. Photo by Gabriel Christus/Aurora Sentinel This former gas station will become a drive through where customers can pick up online orders on Friday May 27, 2016 at Parker and Quincy. Photo by Gabriel Christus/Aurora Sentinel This former gas station will become a drive through where customers can pick up online orders on Friday May 27, 2016 at Parker and Quincy. Photo by Gabriel Christus/Aurora Sentinel This former gas station will become a drive through where customers can pick up online orders on Friday May 27, 2016 at Parker and Quincy. Photo by Gabriel Christus/Aurora Sentinel This former gas station will become a drive through where customers can pick up online orders on Friday May 27, 2016 at Parker and Quincy. Photo by Gabriel Christus/Aurora Sentinel Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. It said its U.S. workforce will have grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments to the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. For the Aurora distribution center, Wal-Mart’s chunk of land is part of the Porteos project, a more than 1,200-acre site stretching several miles east from Harvest Road between East 68th Avenue and East 56th Avenue. Around the time news of Wal-Mart’s purchase of land there broke in August, Aurora City Council signed off on a plan to ask voters to turn the area into a business improvement district, which could allow the developers to tap as much as $50 million in tax dollars to develop the area. The pick-up center is a far smaller project but a unique one to the company. The standalone building — planned for an old gas station and used car lot on the west side of Parker Road — will have six lanes and encompass about 2,500 square feet, according to documents developers filed with the City of Aurora last spring. Ravi Jariawala, a spokesman for Wal-Mart at the company’s Silicon Valley e-commerce headquarters, said in June the drive-through operations are one of several ideas Wal-Mart is trying out as they look to craft a shopping experience that blends traditional retail with online options. The drive-through centers are a part of that, as are the company’s grocery pick-up options. Aurora Sentinel reporter Brandon Johansson contributed to this report. Tags: ap, Aurora, wal-mart Top Videos ‘Get up. We’ve got to get out’: Storms kill 20 in the South — VIDEO CLIPS, GALLERY TUESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute MONDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute TUESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute Police: Beating on video began after friendly encounter — VIDEO CLIPS OF COPS View more Top Videos Aurora Sentinel Local news, sports & entertainment News Opinion Sports Guide Events Colorado Table Markets & Events Recipes Dining Pure Colorado Sustainable Living Drink American Buffet Aurora Magazine The Lifestyle magazine for the greater Aurora region Home Features Check Please About Us Email Newsletters Daily Headlines Prep Sports FindIt! Classified Marketplace Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Make a Payment Advertising Payment Subscription Payment Call 303.750.7555 Aurora Media Group Print, Digital & Direct Marketing Solutions for Metro Aurora Colorado including Aurora Sentinel, Aurora Magazine, Buckley Guardian. Learn more © 2017 Aurora Sentinel. All rights reserved.
null
News Sports Entertainment Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Digital Edition News News Local Crime Databases Education Election Politics Nation/World Special Reports Carolina College Bound Columnists Campaign Tracker Retro Charlotte Your Schools Mark Washburn All Blogs & Columns Sports Sports Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets That's Racin' High Schools College Sports Charlotte Knights/MLB Other Sports Blogs & Columnists Inside the Panthers Inside the NBA Prep Insiders Scott Says All Blogs & Columns Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Banking ShopTalk Top Workplaces National Business Bank Watch What's in Store Development Earth and Energy All Blogs & Columns Living Living Religion Food & Drink Health & Family Home & Garden CLT Style Travel Living Here Guide Deal Diva Everyday Angels Blogs & Columnists I'll Bite Karen Garloch Kathleen Purvis All Blogs & Columns Entertainment Entertainment Events Movie News & Reviews Restaurants Music/Nightlife Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Contests Media Scene Blogs & Columnists Helen Schwab Sound Bites Lawrence Toppman All Blogs & Columns Opinion Opinion Editorials Kevin Siers Letters Submit a Letter Viewpoint All Blogs & Columns Blogs & Columnists O-Pinion You Write The Caption Taylor Batten Eric Frazier Peter St. Onge Celebrations Obituaries Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Homes Classifieds Shopping Place an ad MomsCharlotte Carolina Bride Magazine Lake Norman Magazine South Park Magazine Business January 18, 2017 3:14 PM Why companies might be announcing new jobs ahead of Trump inaugural From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world’s largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump’s demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. Jeff Chiu AP i By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ and BILL VLASIC New York Times LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Donald Trump won’t be sworn in until Friday but big business has already thrown him a veritable inaugural ball. A series of blue-chip companies, among them Ford, Lockheed Martin, Amazon and Sprint, have all announced plans in recent weeks to hire and invest in the United States. A who’s who of executives from boardrooms here and overseas have made the pilgrimage to Trump Tower and sought the president-elect’s blessing. The near-daily drumbeat of announcements – on Tuesday it was the turn of General Motors and Wal-Mart – is not just about winning good headlines or a favorable mention from the tweeter in chief, however. While the jobs and investments are real enough, all of these corporate behemoths will soon have business before the new administration, with make-or-break moves expected on mergers, trade policy, tax reform, defense contracts and regulation. Signaling to the president-elect and his team that they are on board now also provides chief executives with more leverage down the line. “It might be an attempt to buy goodwill, but I don’t blame them for trying to do that,” said Tom C. Korologos, a longtime Republican strategist and an adviser at the law firm DLA Piper in Washington. “It’s a new administration, and companies are nervous and don’t know what to expect.” Ultimately, the new administration’s decisions will be formulated far from the limelight in conference rooms at federal agencies in Washington or behind closed doors on Capitol Hill. The money riding on the outcome runs into the trillions. And on high-profile issues, the companies will need to make a strong case. Detroit automakers, for example, are concerned that Washington will impose tariffs on cars made in Mexico, but they are eager for wiggle room on new fuel-efficiency standards at home. Wal-Mart is worried about rising trade tensions with China, where many of the products it sells are made. Lockheed Martin, whose chief executive, Marillyn A. Hewson, met with Trump on Friday and promised to create 1,800 new jobs, depends on the government for 20 percent of its $46 billion in revenue. United Technologies, which agreed to preserve 850 jobs at its Carrier unit in Indianapolis after public pressure from Trump, gets about 10 percent of its sales from Washington. On a call with the news media on Tuesday, Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, cited a new pledge by Bayer to invest $8 billion in the United States and create 3,000 jobs. “The reason for this commitment and expansion is because of the president-elect’s focus on creating better business climate here in the United States,” he said. What Spicer didn’t mention is that Bayer, the German chemical giant, faces intense scrutiny from antitrust regulators in Washington and Europe over its plan to buy Monsanto, based in St. Louis, for $57 billion. If Bayer cannot win approval from the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission, it will be costly, with Bayer obligated to pay Monsanto $2 billion under the deal’s terms. Last week, the chief executives of the two companies met with Trump and made their case for the merger, which some advisers to Trump have criticized. Korologos played down the idea that big business would get specific favors in exchange for hiring or investing. But he acknowledged that many of the announcements were choreographed for maximum political impact. “There’s too many hoops to jump through and too many institutions for it to be a simple quid pro quo,” he said. “But what Trump is doing is very unusual, and these decisions weren’t made 48 hours ago or after a tweet. They were in the works for a long time.” Spicer did point out that Bayer’s decision to hire and invest more in the United States had not been disclosed previously – unlike some highly promoted announcements that were essentially recycled versions of previous news releases. In other cases, companies are talking up hiring plans now, after earlier decisions to quietly shed workers. Wal-Mart, the nation’s largest private employer, said Tuesday it would create about 10,000 jobs when it opens about 60 new stores, plans that had already been announced last year. The additions to the workforce are largely in line with Wal-Mart’s typical hiring practices for new stores, according to a company spokesman, Lorenzo Lopez. Months before it announced the new stores last year, Wal-Mart said it could lose as many as 16,000 workers by closing 154 of its U.S. locations and 115 stores overseas. Lopez said “a lot” of the workers who had been affected by the store closures were able to move to surrounding Wal-Mart stores. In the case of the auto industry, Trump’s criticism of imports of Mexican-made vehicles has prompted companies to defend their U.S. manufacturing presence aggressively and announce new investments, some of which had long been in the planning stages. Last week, the chief executive of Fiat Chrysler, Sergio Marchionne, admitted that plans for 2,000 new jobs in the United States had been under consideration long before Trump won the presidency in November. “The decision has been in the works for a long time, dating back to 2015,” Marchionne said during an appearance at the Detroit auto show. “It is just a continuation of the retooling of the U.S. manufacturing base.” But Trump’s immediate – and positive – reaction to the announcement underscored how closely the president-elect is following the automotive job picture, and how his keen interest in U.S. manufacturing is influencing automakers. On Tuesday, General Motors, the largest U.S. automaker, announced $1 billion in new investment in its U.S. factories that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. The automaker also said it was moving production of axles from Mexico to the United States and creating 450 U.S. jobs, and would continue to add thousands of new technology jobs over the next few years. In a statement, GM said the plans had been “in the works for some time.” Yet the timing of the announcement was no coincidence, given Trump’s interest. “There’s no question there is an emphasis on job creation in the U.S. right now,” said Patrick E. Morrissey, a GM spokesman. “This was good timing for us to share what we are doing.” Indeed, on Tuesday, Trump publicly thanked GM and Wal-Mart via Twitter within hours of their announcements. Companies are also closely attuned to where government policy is headed, and want to show they are getting with the program, said Bruce P. Mehlman, founder of Mehlman Castagnetti Rosen & Thomas, a lobbying firm whose clients include Fiat Chrysler, Procter & Gamble and Walmart. “In 2009 and 2010 under President Obama, it was sustainability, and in 2017 with Trump it’s domestic manufacturing,” Mehlman said. For automakers, that is an important issue as GM and many other companies make cars in Mexico for sale in the United States. The automaker has so far declined to stop importing cars from Mexico. But the entire auto industry is bracing for potential changes in the North American Free Trade Agreement that could disrupt their intricate production structure in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Industry analysts see the widely publicized announcements of new jobs as attempts by car companies to both blunt the president-elect’s criticism and curry favor with the incoming Trump administration. “Retaining and growing jobs in the U.S. is a political hot button right now,” said Michael Harley, an analyst with the auto research firm Kelley Blue Book. “The timing of the announcement shows General Motors is more than willing to play the new administration’s publicity game.” Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:25 Protest along Albemarle Rd. Pause 0:45 Charlotte soccer stadium gets county approval - commissioner explains 'no' vote 1:04 File video: Accused Rock Hill killer fires lawyer 1:34 Rock Hill parents of murder victim talk about how he tried to save his killer 1:20 File video: Rock Hill man pleads guilty in 2015 crime spree; prosecutors say he shot wrong man 1:16 Remembering Josue Javier Diaz 3:34 Police release body camera video of fatal 2016 shooting 0:35 Catholics gather in support against abortion 0:57 Girls watch Hidden Figures movie 1:15 Charlotte School of Law reopened Monday Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 15 hours ago Rea Road Hotel site controversy 0:56 15 hours ago Rea Road Hotel site controversy 1:15 4 days ago Charlotte School of Law reopened Monday 0:40 10 days ago Lighting the crown time-lapse View more video Business Shares of Charlotte-based Jeld-Wen up more than 13% in trading debut Investors seek to push Siskey-run investment fund into bankruptcy Sorting through credit card offers? Here are 5 things to know Labor Department website for Wells Fargo complaints removed Hundreds of new residences, movie theater, hotel and restaurants planned in northeast Mecklenburg Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Facebook Ads Debut On MailChimp; Google AdWords Might Be Next By George Slefo - 18 minutes ago Array 0 Setting Aside Rivalry, Twitter Signs Up For Instagram By Garett Sloane - 25 minutes ago Array 0 Turning Billboards Into Beer Coolers: Behind Coors Light's New Environmental Push By E.J. Schultz - 1 hour ago Array 0 Arthur Sadoun Succeeds Maurice Levy as Publicis Chairman-CEO By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago Array 0 New FTC Chair Has Warned Against Stricter Privacy Rules By Kate Kaye - 1 hour ago Array 0 Arthur Sadoun Succeeds Maurice Levy as Publicis Chairman-CEO By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago 0 Walmart Goes Hollywood, Tapping Star Directors for Oscars Campaign By Jack Neff - 4 hours ago 0 Facebook Ads Debut On MailChimp; Google AdWords Might Be Next By George Slefo - 18 minutes ago 0 Taco Bell Trolls Itself in Naked Chicken Chalupa Advertising By Jessica Wohl - 16 hours ago 0 BET Hires IPG Media Team Amid Major Original Content Push By Lindsay Stein - 9 hours ago 0 Problem Solving: How M&Ms Took a Small Insight and Turned It Into a Big Idea By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Snickers Plans a Live Commercial During Super Bowl LI By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Skittles Releases Its Super Bowl Spot By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 The Demise of the Department Store Experience By Rance Crain - 2 days ago 0 Snapchat Offers to Bill Brands for Ads Based on TV-Style Ratings From Nielsen By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Lowdown: AB, MillerCoors Marketing Execs Trade Barbs Published on January 18, 2017. The Lowdown is Ad Age's weekly look at news nuggets from across the world of marketing, including trends, campaign tidbits, executive comings and goings and more. Coors Light's 'Climb On' campaign  Credit: Coors Light via YouTube As Ad Age reported earlier today, newly installed Anheuser-Busch InBev U.S. Marketing VP Marcel Marcondes took what appeared to be a shot at MillerCoors while describing the marketer's new advertising philosophy. "We are not going to create fantasy stories about our brands. We are never going to tell people to … climb mountains and things like this," he said, in an apparent reference to Coors Light's "Climb On." Now MillerCoors is fighting back. "We are pleased to see that ABI and Marcel are finally listening and following our lead…that building brands with meaning and purpose will help return respect to American light lagers and that leadership brands need to actually talk about the beer," MillerCoors Chief Marketing Officer David Kroll said in a statement to Ad Age today. "Let's just hope they don't default again to using humor to make fun of beer drinkers or raising a meaningless mirror to generic social occasions. More cliché beer marketing from ABI would continue to be a hangover for our entire category." Of course, MillerCoors first ratcheted up the light beer wars late last year, when it began calling out Bud Light by name in its ads for Miller Lite. The latest spot seeks to poke fun at Bud Light's NFL cans, which feature team designs. L'Oreal has its first transgender ambassador – model and activist Hari Nef – as part of its "Your Skin, Your Story" TV, digital and social campaign, inspired by the 33 shades of True Match makeup. The first ad aired during the Golden Globe awards earlier this month, and the campaign features some existing global spokeswomen like Blake Lively and models Lara Stone, Alexina Graham and Xiao Wen Ju. Other newcomers to the L'Oreal fold include advocates for progress in body diversity Sabina Karsson and Marquita Pring, and male model Darnell Bernard, from Brooklyn but of Grenadan descent. There's a definite industry gender-diversity trend at play. L'Oreal sibling Maybelline launched earlier this month its first campaign featuring a man – Manny Gutierrez – known as Manny Mua in social media. That comes months after rival Coty's CoverGirl launched a campaign late last year featuring its first male model, James Charles. Kia confirmed in November that it was returning to the Super Bowl for the eighth year in a row. Now we know who will star in the automaker's 60-second spot for its all-new 2017 Niro crossover -- Melissa McCarthy. The comedic actress is warming up for the Super Bowl spot by providing the voiceover for two new 15-second Kia Niro ads that broke today, including the spot below. A Kia spokesman assured Ad Age she will actually appear on the Super Bowl spot, not just do the voiceover. The campaign is by David&Goliath. Johnson & Johnson has agreed to pay $5 million to settle four class-action lawsuits that accused the company of falsely advertising its baby bath products as "clinically proven" to improve babies' sleep. The suits alleged J&J knew or should have known that no studies showed the Johnson's Baby products are proven to do that. J&J continues to deny wrongdoing, and the settlement preserves its rights to use claims that its bedtime routine helps babies fall asleep faster and stay that way longer under the settlement. But it ends the litigation. People who file claims even without proof of purchase may be awarded up to $15, or those with receipts could get up to $30 from the settlement. Anything left over after that and payments to trial lawyers will go to the charities Nurse Family Partnership and Newborns in Need. Finally, our weekly roundup of the latest marketing executive moves … Technically Tony Rogers has been the honcho on the Walmart brand since he took over as U.S. chief marketing officer last year. But a restructuring that helps merge management across Walmart headquarters in Bentonville and Walmart.com headquarters in San Bruno, Calif., clarifies things. As it was, Walmart had never replaced Brian Monahan when he left as VP-marketing, the top marketing position at Walmart.com, last April. But in a restructuring last week that also made Jeremy King, who headed the Silicon Valley-based WalmartLabs tech development organization, chief technology officer for the whole company, Walmart clarified Mr. Rogers' role too, unifying the marketing teams at both places under him. The move aims at "providing a consistent message" regardless of where people shop, a spokeswoman said. Both Messers. King and Rogers will have responsibilities that span Walmart, Walmart.com and Jet.com, acquired last year. There have been longstanding reports from people close to the company of friction between the Bentonville and San Bruno marketing teams. The spokeswoman declined to say if the move was designed to address this. Ann Simonds Credit: Courtesy General Mills Former General Mills Chief Marketing Officer Ann Simonds has a new role as the interim president and CEO of the Hennepin Theatre Trust, a nonprofit organization for the arts in Minneapolis. The operator of four Minneapolis theaters is searching for a new president and CEO as founding President and CEO Tom Hoch plans to leave in early February. Ms. Simonds joined General Mills in 1995 and was CMO from 2014 until 2016. She left General Mills last month after the food marketer laid out a new global structure and said it wants to find a new global CMO. Ms. Simonds was named an Ad Age Power Player in 2016. She has been a board member of the Trust since 2011 and will serve in an interim post beginning Feb. 6. The Trust said it expects to announce a full-time president and CEO in mid-2017. "I am thankful to serve the Trust as its interim leader," Ms. Simonds said in a statement. "As a board member, I deeply admire all that Tom has done for this organization and the larger community, and I will carry on his devotion and passion for the Trust's mission." Mr. Hoch, meanwhile, moved up his planned retirement "to explore other opportunities," the Trust said. According to the Star Tribune, Mr. Hoch "is considered a potential contender to join the race for mayor of Minneapolis." Captain D's, a fast-casual seafood chain, named Bob Kraut as its chief marketing officer. Mr. Kraut's prior restaurant marketing experience included serving as CMO of Papa John's from 2013 to 2015, and prior roles at Arby's and Pizza Hut. Jonathan Muhtar had been the Nashville-based seafood chain's CMO until late 2015. It was not immediately clear who handled the CMO duties in the interim. Contributing: E.J. Schultz, Jack Neff, Jessica Wohl In this article: Alcoholic Beverages Automotive Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Culture Diversity Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 27, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 27, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Firms’ job plans appear to court Trump favor By JOSH BOAK The Associated Press First Published Jan 18 2017 12:48PM    •    Last Updated Jan 18 2017 03:20 pm FILE - In this Sept. 19, 2013, file photo, customers walk outside of a Wal-Mart store in San Jose, Calif. From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world’s largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump’s demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) FILE - In this Sept. 19, 2013, file photo, customers walk outside of a Wal-Mart store in San Jose, Calif. From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world’s largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump’s demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (3) Washington • From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world's largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump's demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. Trump, in response, has taken to Twitter to signal his approval. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!" he tweeted Tuesday afternoon. Yet it's unclear just how many jobs are actually being saved or created as a result of Trump's push or whether his administration will hold companies accountable for their pledges. In a solid job market with just 4.7 percent unemployment, hundreds of thousands of U.S. jobs are added all the time for a broad range of reasons. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Trump has boasted that he deserves the credit based on what chief executives have told him, despite evidence to the contrary provided by those same companies. "Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!" the president-elect declared on Twitter on Wednesday. GM announced Tuesday that it was creating or keeping 7,000 jobs, while Wal-Mart said it planned to hire 10,000 and support an additional 24,000 construction jobs with store openings and expansions. Those announcements followed Amazon's commitment to add 100,000 workers through mid-2018 and a bold claim by the Chinese online retailer Alibaba that it would create 1 million U.S. jobs over the next five years. That extravagant pledge would make Alibaba alone responsible for over 10 percent of all jobs added each year — an unheard-of feat in the modern economy. Many economists say the hiring being celebrated by Trump reflects, more than anything, the health of the $18.7 trillion economy he is inheriting. "Between the election and today, unless you work on Capitol Hill in D.C., nothing fundamental has changed in the U.S. labor market," said Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at the jobs site Glassdoor. To these economists, the latest high-profile hiring announcements suggest that companies are capitalizing on the politically charged climate. Trump has berated companies such as Nabisco for shuttering domestic plants in order to open factories in Mexico, while celebrating companies that publicly commit to hiring in the United States. What's more, nearly every major U.S. employer has tax and regulatory issues before the government. To that end, a sympathetic ear in the White House could be helpful. The heads of German chemical company Bayer and seed-and-herbicide-maker Monsanto met with Trump last week to pitch the benefits of a planned-for merger of the two companies that requires antitrust clearance. And Trump proudly tweeted reports Wednesday that Bayer would add U.S. jobs. By announcing new jobs, companies can use any existing hiring plans to ingratiate themselves with Trump by hitching their plans to his economic agenda, noted Patrick O'Keefe, director of economic research at the consultancy and accountant CohnReznick. "There is a degree of opportunism — in a positive way," O'Keefe said. GM plans to invest $1 billion in its U.S. factories and to create or keep 7,000 jobs — moves that the company had said were being planned well before the election. Trump had drawn attention to GM this month by threatening on Twitter to tax the automaker for selling Mexican-built cars in the United States. That set up GM's jobs announcement as a coup for Trump, even though the investment was already in the works. A GM spokesman said it was "good timing for us to share what we are doing." Wal-Mart's hiring similarly seems somewhat independent of Trump. The jobs stem largely from plans to open and remodel stores— work that would not be outsourced overseas. Wal-Mart is the nation's largest private employer, with 1.5 million workers in the United States, and its hiring rate this year will be similar to prior years, said Lorenzo Lopez, a company spokesman. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY 3 photos VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES A Trump supporter was charged with voting twice. Her lawyer says she shouldn't stand trial. The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church Honor Code dispute could move Air Force ROTC off BYU campus Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope Mysterious fund pays for League of Cities-sponsored stories in Deseret News ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, January 27, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Trump Bars All Refugees, and Citizens From 7 Muslim Nations By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and HELENE COOPER 9:27 PM ET President Trump signed an order suspending the entry of refugees into the United States for 120 days, and Syrians indefinitely. He also suspended immigration from seven Muslim nations, while ordering priority be given to visas for Christians from Muslim nations. News Analysis Muslims Say Visa Ban Hurts Friends and Bolsters Rivals By DECLAN WALSH 9:07 PM ET President Trump’s freeze on refugee arrivals and visa requests from seven Muslim countries was seen as a sign that he sees Islam itself as the problem. In Iran, Confusion Over Visa Crackdown 8:26 PM ET Read the Executive Order Here 8:22 PM ET U.N. Envoy Warns Those Who ‘Don’t Have Our Back’ By SOMINI SENGUPTA 5:06 PM ET The new ambassador, Nikki R. Haley, put the United Nations on notice, saying, “You’re going to see a change in the way we do business.” More in Politics Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Mexican Leader Speaks to Trump Over the Phone 7:21 PM ET People gathered at the National Mall for the annual March for Life in Washington on Friday. Credit Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Abortion Foes March on Washington By JEREMY W. PETERS, YAMICHE ALCINDOR and NOAH WEILAND A week after women protested President Trump, this year’s March for Life was a peaceful act of defiance supporting him. Abortion Opponents See Their Long-Held Goals in Reach Women’s March Raises Stakes for Abortion Foes Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America By JACK HEALY Voters who cast ballots for Mr. Trump cheered as they saw a new conservative era in government taking shape, even if they were a little leery of him.  Comments Briefing: G.O.P. Split Ahead of Trump’s Call to Putin Why Trump’s Claim of Vote Fraud Is So Dubious By MICHAEL D. SHEAR The president offered praise for a man whose claims about illegal voting have been debunked time and again. Who Is Registered to Vote in 2 States? Some in Trump’s Inner Circle Trump Sought Crowd Photos From National Park Service By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and MAGGIE HABERMAN Mr. Trump asked the acting chief why the agency had retweeted an unflattering comparison of his inauguration crowd, and asked if he could produce photographic evidence of a larger turnout. Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans By CECILIA KANG The tech company had many close links to the Obama administration. Now it’s scrambling to forge ties with President Trump and a Republican-dominated Congress. The Economy Grew 1.6% Last Year. Can Trump Get It to 4%? By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ 8:47 PM ET The economic expansion of only 1.6 percent in 2016 could bolster the case for infrastructure spending but complicate the president’s plans. Economic View Trump Can Sway Factories. For Now. By JUSTIN WOLFERS Though the president’s pressure on companies to stay in the U.S. may seem to be working, it is an illusion and might hinder manufacturing.  Comments How a Civilian Prosecution Gave the U.S. a Key Informant By ADAM GOLDMAN and BENJAMIN WEISER A Somali who pleaded guilty to supporting terrorists was not tried before a military commission. Still, he became one of the nation’s most important informants. An Audacious Plan for Rising Seas: Floating Islands By MIKE IVES A costly plan to build floating islands shows how climate change is pushing the search for innovative solutions, but some critics ask who will ultimately benefit. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Friday Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 6:59 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. California Today: What Might Happen if Obamacare Is Repealed By MIKE McPHATE Friday: Bracing for an end to Obamacare, more good news on the drought, and welcoming the Year of the Rooster. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Checkup The Banned Books Your Child Should Read By PERRI KLASS, M.D. Books that have been challenged or banned offer parents an opportunity to talk about difficult topics.  Comments Eat Why Clam-Chowder Pizza Is the Best Kind By SAM SIFTON The only thing better than a classic is two.  Comments Love and Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street A discarded photo album reveals a rich history of black lives, from the segregated South to Harlem dance halls. By ANNIE CORREAL  Comments Save this story to read later on any device. Save Nonfiction ‘The Blood of Emmett Till’: Unearthing New Evidence By JASON PARHAM In Timothy B. Tyson’s meticulous retelling, he interviews the woman whose allegations led to Till’s lynching in1955. She admits she lied in court. Australian Open Finals Primer on 2 Famous Matchups By VICTOR MATHER 6:41 PM ET The Australian Open finals begin at 3:30 a.m. Eastern. The women’s match is Saturday; the men’s final is Sunday. Here’s everything you need to know. Venus Williams the Underdog in Grand Sibling Rivalry 6:12 PM ET Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic 8:35 PM ET In the Fine Print of New York’s Budget, a Flurry of Fees By JESSE McKINLEY There are a number of proposals for new fees and other changes in tax law buried amid the thousands of pages in the new budget documents. 10 Things to Do Now in NYC More News Public Editor Mailbag: Measuring Crowds, Maligning a Region A New Opening, but Obstacles Remain for Keystone Pipeline Gambia’s New President Finally Comes Home California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Hugs and Hard Labor on an Indiana Farm With sturdy threads of work and affection, my grandmother was weaving the torn world back together for me. Big Air Is Not All About the Latest Trick Ahead of this week’s X Games and next year’s Olympics, successful quadruple flips in snowboarding have revived discussions about spinning to win versus riding with style. Couture in the Shadow of the Women’s March What does female empowerment look like in a discipline defined by fantasy and tradition? The Opinion Pages An Un-American Refugee Policy By DAVID MILIBAND 6:50 PM ET Freezing the resettlement program undermines U.S. moral leadership and national security.  Comments Trump’s Immigration Ban Is Illegal By DAVID J. BIER 8:01 PM ET Congress long ago outlawed discrimination based on national origin. Brooks: Politics of Cowardice Cohen: The Closing of America Krugman: Making the Rust Belt Rustier Is Donald Trump ‘Mr. Brexit’? By JONATHAN COE 5:52 PM ET What America has in common with Theresa May’s Britain. Who’s Afraid of Nonviolence? By MICHAEL CHABON and AYELET WALDMAN 4:54 PM ET In Israel, “We don’t do Gandhi very well.“ Editorial: Mr. Trump’s ‘Gag Rule’ Will Harm Global Health Rattner: An Extremist Holding the Purse Strings The Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Egan: Park Rangers as Heroes User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Watching The Neediest Cases Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Family Why Girls Don’t Think They Are Smart Enough Opinion Does a Protest’s Size Matter? Movies In ‘The Salesman,’ a Marriage in Tehran Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Opinion The Intellectual Life of Violence Design & Interiors Swedish Prints That Are Relevant as Ever Today Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Opinion One Syrian Family’s Journey to America Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Style Confronting Race, Religion and Her Heart Opinion Egypt’s Rickety Dictatorship Books Critic’s Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a Must-Read Sections World » News Analysis: Fears That Trump’s Visa Ban Betrays Friends and Bolsters Enemies Trump and Mexican President Speak by Phone Amid Dispute Over Wall As Climate Change Accelerates, Floating Cities Look Like Less of a Pipe Dream Business Day » Ex-Volkswagen Chief Investigated by Germany in Emissions Cheating Scandal Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Energy Companies Lead US Stock Indexes Mostly Lower Opinion » Opinion: Donald Trump, the Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Editorial: Donald Trump’s Mexico Tantrum David Brooks: The Politics of Cowardice U.S. » A City Built on Refugees Looks at Trump’s Plan With Fear Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Critic's Notebook: New York City Ballet’s Very 21st-Century Steps Philip Glass Celebrates His 80th Birthday With an 11th Symphony Politics » Trump Bars Syrian Refugees Indefinitely to Keep Terrorists Out Trump’s First Week: Misfires, Crossed Wires and a Satisfied Smile In Private, Republican Lawmakers Agonize Over Health Law Repeal Fashion & Style » Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Styles Q. and A.: Cat Marnell, a Former Beauty Editor, on Her New Addiction Memoir Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Review: Matthew McConaughey Mines Profane Capitalism in ‘Gold’ Review: In ‘The Salesman,’ Scenes From a Marriage in Tehran New York » Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street In the Fine Print of New York’s Budget, a Flurry of Fees Oh, What a Voice: A Revival for a Member of the Four Seasons Sports » Grand Sibling Rivalry Leaves Venus Williams a Distinct Underdog 8 Grand Slam Finals That Pitted Rafael Nadal Against Roger Federer Pegasus World Cup Features California Chrome and a Horseless Pizza King Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Review: A Revival of ‘The Liar’ Plays Alternative Facts for Laughs Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » Arthur Rosenfeld, Zealous Champion of Energy Efficiency, Dies at 90 J.S.G. Boggs, Artist, Dies at 62; He Made Money. Literally. Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89; You’ve Seen His Album Covers Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Frank Bruni: The President Who Buried Humility Editorial: The Republican Health Care Con Ross Douthat: The Tempting of the Media Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years By ZOE GREENBERG Housing rights groups fear their agenda may suffer under a president who was sued for housing discrimination in the 1970s. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look at The Capital Building in Washington D.C RADAR: Storms Move East Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Live Look at the Surf From Ocean Beach in California Beluga Whale Tank at the Georgia Aquarium Kittens Play on the ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Bald Eagle Tends to Her Chick in Fort Myers, Fla. Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch With Job Announcements, Firms Appear to Seek Trump Approval By josh boak, ap economics writer WASHINGTON  Jan 18, 2017, 1:43 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world's largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump's demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. Trump, in response, has taken to Twitter to signal his approval. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!" he tweeted Tuesday afternoon. Yet it's unclear just how many jobs are actually being saved or created as a result of Trump's push or whether his administration will hold companies accountable for their pledges. In a solid job market with just 4.7 percent unemployment, hundreds of thousands of U.S. jobs are added all the time for a broad range of reasons. Trump has boasted that he deserves the credit based on what chief executives have told him, despite evidence to the contrary provided by those same companies. "Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!" the president-elect declared on Twitter on Wednesday. GM announced Tuesday that it was creating or keeping 7,000 jobs, while Wal-Mart said it planned to hire 10,000 and support an additional 24,000 construction jobs with store openings and expansions. Those announcements followed Amazon's commitment to add 100,000 workers through mid-2018 and a bold claim by the Chinese online retailer Alibaba that it would create 1 million U.S. jobs over the next five years. That extravagant pledge would make Alibaba alone responsible for over 10 percent of all jobs added each year — an unheard-of feat in the modern economy. Many economists say the hiring being celebrated by Trump reflects, more than anything, the health of the $18.7 trillion economy he is inheriting. "Between the election and today, unless you work on Capitol Hill in D.C., nothing fundamental has changed in the U.S. labor market," said Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at the jobs site Glassdoor. To these economists, the latest high-profile hiring announcements suggest that companies are capitalizing on the politically charged climate. Trump has berated companies such as Nabisco for shuttering domestic plants in order to open factories in Mexico, while celebrating companies that publicly commit to hiring in the United States. What's more, nearly every major U.S. employer has tax and regulatory issues before the government. To that end, a sympathetic ear in the White House could be helpful. The heads of German chemical company Bayer and seed-and-herbicide-maker Monsanto met with Trump last week to pitch the benefits of a planned-for merger of the two companies that requires antitrust clearance. And Trump proudly tweeted reports Wednesday that Bayer would add U.S. jobs. By announcing new jobs, companies can use any existing hiring plans to ingratiate themselves with Trump by hitching their plans to his economic agenda, noted Patrick O'Keefe, director of economic research at the consultancy and accountant CohnReznick. "There is a degree of opportunism — in a positive way," O'Keefe said. GM plans to invest $1 billion in its U.S. factories and to create or keep 2,000 manufacturing jobs as well as 5,000 positions in auto financing and engineering — moves the company had said were being planned well before the election. Trump had drawn attention to GM this month by threatening on Twitter to tax the automaker for selling Mexican-built cars in the United States. That set up GM's jobs announcement as a coup for Trump, even though the investment was already in the works. A GM spokesman said it was "good timing for us to share what we are doing." Wal-Mart's hiring similarly seems somewhat independent of Trump. The jobs stem largely from plans to open and remodel stores— work that would not be outsourced overseas. Wal-Mart is the nation's largest private employer, with 1.5 million workers in the United States, and its hiring rate this year will be similar to prior years, said Lorenzo Lopez, a company spokesman. These announcements follow hiring plans announced by Ford and Fiat Chrysler, among others. The auto executives were willing to let Trump promote their hiring plans, even though their decisions involved other market forces, including increased demand for SUVs as gasoline prices have dropped. Hyundai said Tuesday that it plans to invest $3.1 billion by 2021 on research and development at its factories in Alabama and Georgia. Chung Jin Haeng, chief executive of the South Korean automaker, said the decision had little to do with Trump. "The U.S. market is strategically important," he said. At the same time, Trump has also talked with companies about cutting their costs — a move that often involves slashing jobs. He met Tuesday, for example, with the CEO of Boeing, a company he had criticized in December over Twitter for the "out of control" price of two new planes for the Air Force One fleet. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said he chatted with Trump about how to lower the costs for the presidential planes as well as fighter aircraft. "I think Mr. Trump is doing a great job with engaging the business," Muilenburg said afterward. "We're all on the same page here." Not all the job announcements will necessarily come to fruition. Alibaba has said it expects to add a million U.S. companies to its online retail platform in the next five years. It asserted that sales to Chinese consumers would lead each of those companies to add, on average, one job each. This would translate into an astounding 250,000 a jobs a year in an economy in which every employer, combined, added 2.2 million jobs in 2016. "It's not rocket-science math," said company spokesman Brion Tingler, who nevertheless cautioned that the 1 million jobs being publicized were an "aspiration." Other than his social media megaphone, Trump doesn't appear to have the means to hold companies accountable for their jobs pledges. His transition team didn't respond to questions about how it planned to ensure that CEOs' promises to create U.S. jobs were fulfilled. —— AP Business Writers Tom Krisher in Detroit, Anne D'Innocenzio in New York and Youkyung Lee in Seoul contributed to this report. 0 Shares Email Star Comments With Job Announcements, Firms Appear to Seek Trump Approval " Trump Orders Suspension of All Refugees, Immigrants From Some Muslim Nations " Trump Called National Park Service Upset Over Inauguration Crowd Retweet " Vice President Mike Pence Tells March for Life: 'Life Is Winning Again in America' " Seasonal Flu Reaches Epidemic Levels in US " Trump Says He'll Let Defense Secretary 'Override' Him on Torture After New Rape Lawsuit, Baylor Says Made 'Great Progress' " Trump, Mexico's President Speak by Phone " Putin Consults His Security Council Before Talking to Trump " Mumps Outbreak Worsens in Washington State " Army Veteran, Double-Amputee Finds New Battlefield in DC " Georgia Town Leaders Apologize for 1940 Lynching " In Iowa, Trump Voters Cheer Changes, Dismiss Petty Fights " Ivanka Trump's Son Crawls for First Time in White House " Holocaust Site Spurs Questions on Young Germans' Changing Views " Philadelphia Mayor: Trump's Remarks an 'Insult' to Police " New Trump Agency Memo Gags Staff Communications, Democrats Say " Little Girl Befriends Baby Cow Who Lost Its Mom " NASA Opens Exhibit on 50th Anniversary of Apollo 1 Fire " FBI Offers Up to $10K Reward for Information in Murder of ABC Chicago Producer in Belize " 'Hamilton' Actors to Sing 'America the Beautiful' at Super Bowl LI " Inside Taylor Swift's $25 Million Beverly Hills Mansion " 'Bear' the Dog Hoping to Find a New Forever Home
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Walmart Outlines 2017 Goals for American Job Growth and Community Investment Walmart Outlines 2017 Goals for American Job Growth and Community Investment Posted on January 18, 2017 by CSRwire Press Releases, Events and Reports in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer  Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer with nearly 1.5 million associates in the U.S., today will discuss company plans to create American jobs and invest in local communities across the country. The investments in the coming year will support an estimated 34,000 jobs through continued expansion and improvement in the company’s store network, as well as e-commerce services, while providing specialty training for more than 225,000 of the company’s frontline associates. The company and the Walmart Foundation, in conjunction with The U.S. Conference of Mayors, are also announcing grants through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund to advance sustainability and innovation in textile manufacturing. “Walmart is investing to better serve customers,” said Dan Bartlett, Walmart executive vice president for corporate affairs. “With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs. Our 2017 plans to grow our business – and our support for innovation in the textile industry – will have a meaningful impact across the country.” Walmart is planning $6.8 billion of capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which includes construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, as well as the expansion of new services such as Online Grocery Pickup. Walmart’s fiscal year begins Feb. 1; the company’s capital plans were first shared in October. Bartlett will discuss the company’s investments in job creation and associates — and announce Innovation Fund grants to support the U.S. textile sector — at the 85th Winter Meeting of the U.S. Conference of Mayors in Washington, D.C. Details are highlighted below. American Jobs Approximately 10,000 retail jobs created through the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam’s Club facilities as well as e-commerce services. An estimated 24,000 construction jobs supported through the opening of those facilities, plus the remodeling and improvement of existing U.S. facilities. Workforce Investment By July of this year, Walmart will open 160 new training Academies around the country, bringing the total number of Academies to 200. More than 225,000 associates will receive up to six weeks of specialty training and graduate from the academies in 2017. The Walmart Academies are a network of facilities where frontline hourly supervisors and assistant store managers receive hands-on training in retail fundamentals, leadership skills and the specifics of how to run individual store departments. The training is designed to help associates be successful in their careers and in meeting the changing needs of customers. U.S. Manufacturing Jobs The company’s investment in American jobs includes a 2013 commitment to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023, estimated to help create one million jobs.* Under the initiative, Walmart works with thousands of suppliers to help them gain access to the retailer’s shelves in stores and online. In the coming year, the program will continue to provide job-creating opportunities. Examples include: California Innovations, producer of the Ozark Trail “super cooler.” The Canadian company with U.S. operations is moving production of the cooler from China to a factory in Atlanta, Ga., creating 350 jobs. Edgewell Personal Care, a maker of personal hygiene products, which is bringing production from Canada to Dover, Del., creating 272 jobs. Renfro Corporation, which will create a total of 442 jobs as a result of a deal to produce athletic socks in Fort Payne, Ala. Textile Industry Innovation This year, the Walmart Foundation will provide $3 million in grants through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund to six leading universities working to advance sustainability and innovations in textile manufacturing, which has proven to be one of the most challenging industries to reshore to the U.S. Through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have funded $10 million in grants since 2014. The 2017 Innovation Fund grant recipients will be announced as part of Bartlett’s remarks to U.S. mayors: Washington State University: to establish a sustainable process to recycle cotton waste by fiber regeneration using a wet spinning technique. North Carolina State University: to create a universal and sustainable commercial textile dyeing method that doesn’t use salt or alkali; doesn’t produce effluent; and produces more than 95 percent savings of both energy and water. Clemson University: for development of sustainable polyester fibers that achieve a high level of water and oil repellency. Oregon State University: to develop a sustainable, cost-effective dyeing and printing of smart fabrics process. Texas Tech University: to support research on various aspects of textile manufacturing, dyeing efficiency and specialty finishes. University of Massachusetts Lowell: to develop magnetic dyeing technology to address the technical and environmental issues of current dyeing techniques. * Based on data from Boston Consulting Group. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,593 stores under 63 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.4 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Latest News ADS Controls Acquired by Dixon Valve & Coupling Company Software Company Anahata Announces IRC Location for Open-Source Support New Wax-Only Franchise Opens in Alpharetta, GA Greenberg Traurig’s Shareholder Danielle N. Garno Appointed to the Children’s Home Society of Florida Statewide Board SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in General Cable Corporation of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – BGC SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in PayPal Holdings, Inc., eBay, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – PYPL, EBAY SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Rent-A-Center, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – RCII SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Universal Health Services, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – UHS SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Illumina, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – ILMN Green Solar Technologies Announces Partnership with Generac Power Systems © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Hiring Freeze•First 100 Days•BRAC•FOIA•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » With job announcements, firms… With job announcements, firms appear to seek Trump approval By JOSH BOAK January 18, 2017 1:42 pm Share WASHINGTON (AP) — From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world’s largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump’s demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. Trump, in response, has taken to Twitter to signal his approval. “Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!” he tweeted Tuesday afternoon. Hiring freeze result of Trump team's review of federal agencies Yet it’s unclear just how many jobs are actually being saved or created as a result of Trump’s push or whether his administration will hold companies accountable for their pledges. In a solid job market with just 4.7 percent unemployment, hundreds of thousands of U.S. jobs are added all the time for a broad range of reasons. Advertisement Trump has boasted that he deserves the credit based on what chief executives have told him, despite evidence to the contrary provided by those same companies. “Ask top CEO’s of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!” the president-elect declared on Twitter on Wednesday. GM announced Tuesday that it was creating or keeping 7,000 jobs, while Wal-Mart said it planned to hire 10,000 and support an additional 24,000 construction jobs with store openings and expansions. Those announcements followed Amazon’s commitment to add 100,000 workers through mid-2018 and a bold claim by the Chinese online retailer Alibaba that it would create 1 million U.S. jobs over the next five years. That extravagant pledge would make Alibaba alone responsible for over 10 percent of all jobs added each year — an unheard-of feat in the modern economy. Many economists say the hiring being celebrated by Trump reflects, more than anything, the health of the $18.7 trillion economy he is inheriting. “Between the election and today, unless you work on Capitol Hill in D.C., nothing fundamental has changed in the U.S. labor market,” said Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at the jobs site Glassdoor. To these economists, the latest high-profile hiring announcements suggest that companies are capitalizing on the politically charged climate. Trump has berated companies such as Nabisco for shuttering domestic plants in order to open factories in Mexico, while celebrating companies that publicly commit to hiring in the United States. What’s more, nearly every major U.S. employer has tax and regulatory issues before the government. To that end, a sympathetic ear in the White House could be helpful. The heads of German chemical company Bayer and seed-and-herbicide-maker Monsanto met with Trump last week to pitch the benefits of a planned-for merger of the two companies that requires antitrust clearance. And Trump proudly tweeted reports Wednesday that Bayer would add U.S. jobs. By announcing new jobs, companies can use any existing hiring plans to ingratiate themselves with Trump by hitching their plans to his economic agenda, noted Patrick O’Keefe, director of economic research at the consultancy and accountant CohnReznick. “There is a degree of opportunism — in a positive way,” O’Keefe said. GM plans to invest $1 billion in its U.S. factories and to create or keep 2,000 manufacturing jobs as well as 5,000 positions in auto financing and engineering — moves the company had said were being planned well before the election. Trump had drawn attention to GM this month by threatening on Twitter to tax the automaker for selling Mexican-built cars in the United States. That set up GM’s jobs announcement as a coup for Trump, even though the investment was already in the works. A GM spokesman said it was “good timing for us to share what we are doing.” Wal-Mart’s hiring similarly seems somewhat independent of Trump. The jobs stem largely from plans to open and remodel stores— work that would not be outsourced overseas. Wal-Mart is the nation’s largest private employer, with 1.5 million workers in the United States, and its hiring rate this year will be similar to prior years, said Lorenzo Lopez, a company spokesman. These announcements follow hiring plans announced by Ford and Fiat Chrysler, among others. The auto executives were willing to let Trump promote their hiring plans, even though their decisions involved other market forces, including increased demand for SUVs as gasoline prices have dropped. Hyundai said Tuesday that it plans to invest $3.1 billion by 2021 on research and development at its factories in Alabama and Georgia. Chung Jin Haeng, chief executive of the South Korean automaker, said the decision had little to do with Trump. “The U.S. market is strategically important,” he said. At the same time, Trump has also talked with companies about cutting their costs — a move that often involves slashing jobs. He met Tuesday, for example, with the CEO of Boeing, a company he had criticized in December over Twitter for the “out of control” price of two new planes for the Air Force One fleet. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said he chatted with Trump about how to lower the costs for the presidential planes as well as fighter aircraft. “I think Mr. Trump is doing a great job with engaging the business,” Muilenburg said afterward. “We’re all on the same page here.” Not all the job announcements will necessarily come to fruition. Alibaba has said it expects to add a million U.S. companies to its online retail platform in the next five years. It asserted that sales to Chinese consumers would lead each of those companies to add, on average, one job each. This would translate into an astounding 250,000 a jobs a year in an economy in which every employer, combined, added 2.2 million jobs in 2016. “It’s not rocket-science math,” said company spokesman Brion Tingler, who nevertheless cautioned that the 1 million jobs being publicized were an “aspiration.” Other than his social media megaphone, Trump doesn’t appear to have the means to hold companies accountable for their jobs pledges. His transition team didn’t respond to questions about how it planned to ensure that CEOs’ promises to create U.S. jobs were fulfilled. __ AP Business Writers Tom Krisher in Detroit, Anne D’Innocenzio in New York and Youkyung Lee in Seoul contributed to this report. Topics: Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » With job announcements, firms… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1975: Senate investigates FBI, CIA activities A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended VA officially exempts some health, contracting professionals from hiring freeze Top Story OMB releases initial hiring freeze guidance for agencies Hiring/Retention Official: Trump wants to slash EPA workforce, budget Workforce Under Trump, federal employees fear fewer resources to do their jobs Exclusive Troop increase, hiring freeze could pose problems for military families Defense Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... With job announcements, firms appear to seek Trump approval World by Josh Boak, The Associated Press Posted Jan 18, 2017 9:32 am MST Last Updated Jan 18, 2017 at 10:00 am MST WASHINGTON – From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world’s largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump’s demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. Trump, in response, has taken to Twitter to signal his approval. “Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!” he tweeted Tuesday afternoon. Yet it’s unclear just how many jobs are actually being saved or created as a result of Trump’s push or whether his administration will hold companies accountable for their pledges. In a solid job market with just 4.7 per cent unemployment, hundreds of thousands of U.S. jobs are added all the time for a broad range of reasons. Trump has boasted that he deserves the credit based on what chief executives have told him, despite evidence to the contrary provided by those same companies. “Ask top CEO’s of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!” the president-elect declared on Twitter on Wednesday. GM announced Tuesday that it was creating or keeping 7,000 jobs, while Wal-Mart said it planned to hire 10,000 and support an additional 24,000 construction jobs with store openings and expansions. Those announcements followed Amazon’s commitment to add 100,000 workers through mid-2018 and a bold claim by the Chinese online retailer Alibaba that it would create 1 million U.S. jobs over the next five years. That extravagant pledge would make Alibaba alone responsible for over 10 per cent of all jobs added each year — an unheard-of feat in the modern economy. Many economists say the hiring being celebrated by Trump reflects, more than anything, the health of the $18.7 trillion economy he is inheriting. “Between the election and today, unless you work on Capitol Hill in D.C., nothing fundamental has changed in the U.S. labour market,” said Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at the jobs site Glassdoor. To these economists, the latest high-profile hiring announcements suggest that companies are capitalizing on the politically charged climate. Trump has berated companies such as Nabisco for shuttering domestic plants in order to open factories in Mexico, while celebrating companies that publicly commit to hiring in the United States. What’s more, nearly every major U.S. employer has tax and regulatory issues before the government. To that end, a sympathetic ear in the White House could be helpful. The heads of German chemical company Bayer and seed-and-herbicide-maker Monsanto met with Trump last week to pitch the benefits of a planned-for merger of the two companies that requires antitrust clearance. And Trump proudly tweeted reports Wednesday that Bayer would add U.S. jobs. By announcing new jobs, companies can use any existing hiring plans to ingratiate themselves with Trump by hitching their plans to his economic agenda, noted Patrick O’Keefe, director of economic research at the consultancy and accountant CohnReznick. “There is a degree of opportunism — in a positive way,” O’Keefe said. GM plans to invest $1 billion in its U.S. factories and to create or keep 7,000 jobs — moves that the company had said were being planned well before the election. Trump had drawn attention to GM this month by threatening on Twitter to tax the automaker for selling Mexican-built cars in the United States. That set up GM’s jobs announcement as a coup for Trump, even though the investment was already in the works. A GM spokesman said it was “good timing for us to share what we are doing.” Wal-Mart’s hiring similarly seems somewhat independent of Trump. The jobs stem largely from plans to open and remodel stores— work that would not be outsourced overseas. Wal-Mart is the nation’s largest private employer, with 1.5 million workers in the United States, and its hiring rate this year will be similar to prior years, said Lorenzo Lopez, a company spokesman. These announcements follow hiring plans announced by Ford and Fiat Chrysler, among others. The auto executives were willing to let Trump promote their hiring plans, even though their decisions involved other market forces, including increased demand for SUVs as gasoline prices have dropped. Hyundai said Tuesday that it plans to invest $3.1 billion by 2021 on research and development at its factories in Alabama and Georgia. Chung Jin Haeng, chief executive of the South Korean automaker, said the decision had little to do with Trump. “The U.S. market is strategically important,” he said. At the same time, Trump has also talked with companies about cutting their costs — a move that often involves slashing jobs. He met Tuesday, for example, with the CEO of Boeing, a company he had criticized in December over Twitter for the “out of control” price of two new planes for the Air Force One fleet. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said he chatted with Trump about how to lower the costs for the presidential planes as well as fighter aircraft. “I think Mr. Trump is doing a great job with engaging the business,” Muilenburg said afterward. “We’re all on the same page here.” Not all the job announcements will necessarily come to fruition. Alibaba has said it expects to add a million U.S. companies to its online retail platform in the next five years. It asserted that sales to Chinese consumers would lead each of those companies to add, on average, one job each. This would translate into an astounding 250,000 a jobs a year in an economy in which every employer, combined, added 2.2 million jobs in 2016. “It’s not rocket-science math,” said company spokesman Brion Tingler, who nevertheless cautioned that the 1 million jobs being publicized were an “aspiration.” Other than his social media megaphone, Trump doesn’t appear to have the means to hold companies accountable for their jobs pledges. His transition team didn’t respond to questions about how it planned to ensure that CEOs’ promises to create U.S. jobs were fulfilled. __ AP Business Writers Tom Krisher in Detroit, Anne D’Innocenzio in New York and Youkyung Lee in Seoul contributed to this report. Next Story Movie Trailers January 27, 2017 to February 2, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray   Resident Evil: The Final Chapter (14A) 3D 7:00pm 3:30pm / 9:45pm A Dog’s Purpose (PG) 3:00pm / 6:15pm / 9:00pm La La Land (PG) 2:50pm / 6:00pm / 9:10pm Split (14A) 3:10pm / 6:30pm / 9:25pm XXX: Return of Xander Cage 3D 9:35pm 3:50pm / 6:45pm   Monster Trucks (PG) 3D 10:10pm     660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Canadian universities pull ads from alt-right news outlet in United States 53 minutes ago Government gives more time to comment on nuclear-waste bunker Jan 27, 2017, 5:26 PM What’s at stake in Trump’s push to rewrite or abandon NAFTA Jan 27, 2017, 5:16 PM Lawyers file appeal for Vader in deaths of missing Alberta couple Jan 27, 2017, 5:14 PM ‘Hamilton’ cast to sing at Super Bowl 51 Jan 27, 2017, 5:11 PM The top 10 songs and albums on the iTunes Store Jan 27, 2017, 5:04 PM N.S. teachers return to work-to-rule amid tussle over purpose of new days off Jan 27, 2017, 12:16 PM Manitoba premier should apologize, educate himself after hunting comments: NDP Jan 27, 2017, 11:56 AM Attempted murder charge laid against 94-year-old in Ontario Jan 27, 2017, 11:52 AM Canadian in U.S. jailed for 4 years over 'pump and dump' penny stock fraud Jan 27, 2017, 11:44 AM Military aircraft crashes in southern Saskatchewan; two pilots safely eject Jan 27, 2017, 11:39 AM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT New tests on river water after coal spill from derailed train near Ashcroft Jan 27, 2017, 11:36 AM Canadian universities pull ads from alt-right news outlet in United States Jan 27, 2017, 8:42 AM Feds say Justice coal cos. owe $4.6M in fines Jan 27, 2017, 8:23 AM New panel reviewing Energy East Pipeline voids past decisions, restarts process Jan 27, 2017, 7:45 AM US business spending rises for 3rd month, boosting factories Jan 27, 2017, 6:32 AM West Coast Bias: The challenge of playing in a Canadian market Jan 27, 2017, 3:24 PM Blue Jays notebook: Stroman’s knee now feeling ‘a lot’ stronger Jan 27, 2017, 12:25 PM NHL All-Star Skills competition breakdown: Who’s competing in each event Jan 27, 2017, 4:04 PM Bettman: Olympics, ‘not even on the agenda’ for BOG Jan 27, 2017, 3:50 PM Raonic withdraws from Davis Cup after injury at Australian Open Jan 27, 2017, 3:15 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Dylan, Muse, among headliners for Firefly Music Festival Jan 27, 2017, 11:28 AM Neil Young to induct Pearl Jam into Rock Hall Jan 27, 2017, 11:19 AM Hip-hop star Drake says he's hosting NBA Awards, wants to return to acting Jan 27, 2017, 11:18 AM Mischa Barton taken to hospital after reports of yelling Jan 27, 2017, 10:07 AM Celine Dion to be adviser on 'The Voice' Jan 27, 2017, 10:07 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 31° Share With job announcements, firms appear to seek Trump approval By Josh Boak / Associated Press Published: Wednesday, January 18th, 2017 at 9:40am Updated: Wednesday, January 18th, 2017 at 11:45am FILE - In this Sept. 19, 2013, file photo, customers walk outside of a Wal-Mart store in San Jose, Calif. From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world's largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump's demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... WASHINGTON — From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world’s largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump’s demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. Trump, in response, has taken to Twitter to signal his approval. “Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!” he tweeted Tuesday afternoon. Advertisement Continue reading Yet it’s unclear just how many jobs are actually being saved or created as a result of Trump’s push or whether his administration will hold companies accountable for their pledges. In a solid job market with just 4.7 percent unemployment, hundreds of thousands of U.S. jobs are added all the time for a broad range of reasons. Trump has boasted that he deserves the credit based on what chief executives have told him, despite evidence to the contrary provided by those same companies. “Ask top CEO’s of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!” the president-elect declared on Twitter on Wednesday. GM announced Tuesday that it was creating or keeping 7,000 jobs, while Wal-Mart said it planned to hire 10,000 and support an additional 24,000 construction jobs with store openings and expansions. Those announcements followed Amazon’s commitment to add 100,000 workers through mid-2018 and a bold claim by the Chinese online retailer Alibaba that it would create 1 million U.S. jobs over the next five years. That extravagant pledge would make Alibaba alone responsible for over 10 percent of all jobs added each year — an unheard-of feat in the modern economy. Many economists say the hiring being celebrated by Trump reflects, more than anything, the health of the $18.7 trillion economy he is inheriting. “Between the election and today, unless you work on Capitol Hill in D.C., nothing fundamental has changed in the U.S. labor market,” said Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at the jobs site Glassdoor. To these economists, the latest high-profile hiring announcements suggest that companies are capitalizing on the politically charged climate. Trump has berated companies such as Nabisco for shuttering domestic plants in order to open factories in Mexico, while celebrating companies that publicly commit to hiring in the United States. Advertisement Continue reading What’s more, nearly every major U.S. employer has tax and regulatory issues before the government. To that end, a sympathetic ear in the White House could be helpful. The heads of German chemical company Bayer and seed-and-herbicide-maker Monsanto met with Trump last week to pitch the benefits of a planned-for merger of the two companies that requires antitrust clearance. And Trump proudly tweeted reports Wednesday that Bayer would add U.S. jobs. By announcing new jobs, companies can use any existing hiring plans to ingratiate themselves with Trump by hitching their plans to his economic agenda, noted Patrick O’Keefe, director of economic research at the consultancy and accountant CohnReznick. “There is a degree of opportunism — in a positive way,” O’Keefe said. GM plans to invest $1 billion in its U.S. factories and to create or keep 2,000 manufacturing jobs as well as 5,000 positions in auto financing and engineering — moves the company had said were being planned well before the election. Trump had drawn attention to GM this month by threatening on Twitter to tax the automaker for selling Mexican-built cars in the United States. That set up GM’s jobs announcement as a coup for Trump, even though the investment was already in the works. A GM spokesman said it was “good timing for us to share what we are doing.” Wal-Mart’s hiring similarly seems somewhat independent of Trump. The jobs stem largely from plans to open and remodel stores– work that would not be outsourced overseas. Wal-Mart is the nation’s largest private employer, with 1.5 million workers in the United States, and its hiring rate this year will be similar to prior years, said Lorenzo Lopez, a company spokesman. These announcements follow hiring plans announced by Ford and Fiat Chrysler, among others. The auto executives were willing to let Trump promote their hiring plans, even though their decisions involved other market forces, including increased demand for SUVs as gasoline prices have dropped. Advertisement Continue reading Hyundai said Tuesday that it plans to invest $3.1 billion by 2021 on research and development at its factories in Alabama and Georgia. Chung Jin Haeng, chief executive of the South Korean automaker, said the decision had little to do with Trump. “The U.S. market is strategically important,” he said. At the same time, Trump has also talked with companies about cutting their costs — a move that often involves slashing jobs. He met Tuesday, for example, with the CEO of Boeing, a company he had criticized in December over Twitter for the “out of control” price of two new planes for the Air Force One fleet. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said he chatted with Trump about how to lower the costs for the presidential planes as well as fighter aircraft. “I think Mr. Trump is doing a great job with engaging the business,” Muilenburg said afterward. “We’re all on the same page here.” Not all the job announcements will necessarily come to fruition. Alibaba has said it expects to add a million U.S. companies to its online retail platform in the next five years. It asserted that sales to Chinese consumers would lead each of those companies to add, on average, one job each. This would translate into an astounding 250,000 a jobs a year in an economy in which every employer, combined, added 2.2 million jobs in 2016. “It’s not rocket-science math,” said company spokesman Brion Tingler, who nevertheless cautioned that the 1 million jobs being publicized were an “aspiration.” Other than his social media megaphone, Trump doesn’t appear to have the means to hold companies accountable for their jobs pledges. His transition team didn’t respond to questions about how it planned to ensure that CEOs’ promises to create U.S. jobs were fulfilled. __ AP Business Writers Tom Krisher in Detroit, Anne D’Innocenzio in New York and Youkyung Lee in Seoul contributed to this report. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe Careers/Jobs Most Recent Biz News Suggested Stories: Trump warns of 'retribution' if companies move jobs out of US – Dec 5, 2016 Trump: Japanese mogul pledges $50 billion US investment – Dec 6, 2016 For all his threats, Trump is seen by businesses as key ally – Dec 12, 2016 Trump's CEO meetings raise ethics questions – Jan 14, 2017 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Capital World Investors Continues to Hold Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Position Boosted by Capital World Investors Duke Energy Corporation (DUK) Position Lowered by Capital World Investors Capital World Investors Sells 3,000,000 Shares of American International Group, Inc. (AIG) Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Shares Sold by Baker Avenue Asset Management LP Capital International Investors Has $151,632,000 Stake in Ctrip.com International, Ltd. (CTRP) Weatherford International PLC (WFT) Bonds Drop 0.8% During Trading RBF Capital LLC Has $694,000 Stake in PGT, Inc. (PGTI) RBF Capital LLC Has $736,000 Position in Cogent Communications Holdings, Inc. (CCOI) J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) Position Decreased by U S Global Investors Inc. Wyndham Worldwide Corp (WYN) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Owens Corning Inc (OC) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (PANW) Stake Lowered by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Shares Sold by Gotham Asset Management LLC Gotham Asset Management LLC Reduces Stake in Best Buy Co., Inc. (BBY) ResMed Inc. (RMD) Position Increased by Gotham Asset Management LLC D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $42,931,000 Position in Hubbell Inc (HUBB) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $42,085,000 Position in Armstrong World Industries Inc (AWI) Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Equifax (EFX) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Has $6,997,000 Stake in Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V (WMMVY) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V (NASDAQ:WMMVY) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Tuesday morning. According to Zacks, “WAL-MART de Mexico-ADR operates 587 commercial units, including self-service stores, department, and restaurants. “ Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V (NASDAQ:WMMVY) traded up 0.73% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $16.60. The company had a trading volume of 12,694 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $17.90 and a 200 day moving average price of $21.15. The stock has a market cap of $28.99 billion and a PE ratio of 20.00. Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V has a 52-week low of $16.14 and a 52-week high of $25.91. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V (WMMVY) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/wal-mart-de-mexico-s-a-b-de-c-v-wmmvy-upgraded-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V Company Profile Wal-Mart de Mexico, SAB. de C.V. (WALMEX) is engaged in operating self-service stores. The Company’s segments include Mexico and Central America. In Mexico, the Company operates through Self-service, which includes the operation of discount stores, hypermarkets, wholesale-price membership stores and supermarkets, and Others, which includes department stores and real estate transactions with third parties. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V (WMMVY) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad With job announcements, firms appear to seek Trump approval By Associated Press Published: 13:44 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 13:44 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail WASHINGTON (AP) — From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world's largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump's demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. Trump, in response, has taken to Twitter to signal his approval. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!" he tweeted Tuesday afternoon. FILE - In this Sept. 19, 2013, file photo, customers walk outside of a Wal-Mart store in San Jose, Calif. From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world¿s largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump¿s demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Yet it's unclear just how many jobs are actually being saved or created as a result of Trump's push or whether his administration will hold companies accountable for their pledges. In a solid job market with just 4.7 percent unemployment, hundreds of thousands of U.S. jobs are added all the time for a broad range of reasons. Trump has boasted that he deserves the credit based on what chief executives have told him, despite evidence to the contrary provided by those same companies. "Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!" the president-elect declared on Twitter on Wednesday. GM announced Tuesday that it was creating or keeping 7,000 jobs, while Wal-Mart said it planned to hire 10,000 and support an additional 24,000 construction jobs with store openings and expansions. Those announcements followed Amazon's commitment to add 100,000 workers through mid-2018 and a bold claim by the Chinese online retailer Alibaba that it would create 1 million U.S. jobs over the next five years. That extravagant pledge would make Alibaba alone responsible for over 10 percent of all jobs added each year — an unheard-of feat in the modern economy. Many economists say the hiring being celebrated by Trump reflects, more than anything, the health of the $18.7 trillion economy he is inheriting. "Between the election and today, unless you work on Capitol Hill in D.C., nothing fundamental has changed in the U.S. labor market," said Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at the jobs site Glassdoor. To these economists, the latest high-profile hiring announcements suggest that companies are capitalizing on the politically charged climate. Trump has berated companies such as Nabisco for shuttering domestic plants in order to open factories in Mexico, while celebrating companies that publicly commit to hiring in the United States. What's more, nearly every major U.S. employer has tax and regulatory issues before the government. To that end, a sympathetic ear in the White House could be helpful. The heads of German chemical company Bayer and seed-and-herbicide-maker Monsanto met with Trump last week to pitch the benefits of a planned-for merger of the two companies that requires antitrust clearance. And Trump proudly tweeted reports Wednesday that Bayer would add U.S. jobs. By announcing new jobs, companies can use any existing hiring plans to ingratiate themselves with Trump by hitching their plans to his economic agenda, noted Patrick O'Keefe, director of economic research at the consultancy and accountant CohnReznick. "There is a degree of opportunism — in a positive way," O'Keefe said. GM plans to invest $1 billion in its U.S. factories and to create or keep 2,000 manufacturing jobs as well as 5,000 positions in auto financing and engineering — moves the company had said were being planned well before the election. Trump had drawn attention to GM this month by threatening on Twitter to tax the automaker for selling Mexican-built cars in the United States. That set up GM's jobs announcement as a coup for Trump, even though the investment was already in the works. A GM spokesman said it was "good timing for us to share what we are doing." Wal-Mart's hiring similarly seems somewhat independent of Trump. The jobs stem largely from plans to open and remodel stores— work that would not be outsourced overseas. Wal-Mart is the nation's largest private employer, with 1.5 million workers in the United States, and its hiring rate this year will be similar to prior years, said Lorenzo Lopez, a company spokesman. These announcements follow hiring plans announced by Ford and Fiat Chrysler, among others. The auto executives were willing to let Trump promote their hiring plans, even though their decisions involved other market forces, including increased demand for SUVs as gasoline prices have dropped. Hyundai said Tuesday that it plans to invest $3.1 billion by 2021 on research and development at its factories in Alabama and Georgia. Chung Jin Haeng, chief executive of the South Korean automaker, said the decision had little to do with Trump. "The U.S. market is strategically important," he said. At the same time, Trump has also talked with companies about cutting their costs — a move that often involves slashing jobs. He met Tuesday, for example, with the CEO of Boeing, a company he had criticized in December over Twitter for the "out of control" price of two new planes for the Air Force One fleet. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said he chatted with Trump about how to lower the costs for the presidential planes as well as fighter aircraft. "I think Mr. Trump is doing a great job with engaging the business," Muilenburg said afterward. "We're all on the same page here." Not all the job announcements will necessarily come to fruition. Alibaba has said it expects to add a million U.S. companies to its online retail platform in the next five years. It asserted that sales to Chinese consumers would lead each of those companies to add, on average, one job each. This would translate into an astounding 250,000 a jobs a year in an economy in which every employer, combined, added 2.2 million jobs in 2016. "It's not rocket-science math," said company spokesman Brion Tingler, who nevertheless cautioned that the 1 million jobs being publicized were an "aspiration." Other than his social media megaphone, Trump doesn't appear to have the means to hold companies accountable for their jobs pledges. His transition team didn't respond to questions about how it planned to ensure that CEOs' promises to create U.S. jobs were fulfilled. __ AP Business Writers Tom Krisher in Detroit, Anne D'Innocenzio in New York and Youkyung Lee in Seoul contributed to this report. FILE - This Friday, May 16, 2014, file photo, shows the General Motors logo at the company's world headquarters in Detroit. From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world¿s largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump¿s demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya, File) FILE - In this Wednesday, Dec. 21, 2016, file photo, Miracle Stewart, right, an employee of Amazon PrimeNow, prepares bags to fill with orders from customers making purchases, at a distribution hub in New York. From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world¿s largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump¿s demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. (AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews, File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Subscribe Advertise Contact Archives Legals Front Page News Obituaries Featured Digital Editions classifieds Calendar Sports Browse Ads Law Enforcement Tweet Law Enforcement admin January 18, 2017 Law Enforcement No comments Madison Police Department On January 16 a criminal trespass complaint was filed at the Econo Lodge, Eatonton Road. According to reports, an Econo Lodge employee alleged that an intoxicated man damaged the inside of a room that had been rented for him by his employer. The man denied damaging the room, however, the employer allegedly agreed to pay to have the walls, a drawer and a window repaired. On January 16 a theft by taking complaint was filed at the Chevron Convenience store, Eatonton Road. According to reports, officers were advised that someone had taken a white GMC truck and trailer. Officers were called by a citizen and told that the truck had pulled into the rear parking lot of Rite Aid and that a black male wearing a black hoody and black pants had fled from the truck and run into a wooded area behind the drug store. Officers searched the area on foot but did not locate the suspect. The truck was returned to its owner. On January 15 Angela Davis, 28, Greensboro was arrested and charged with battery. According to reports, Davis allegedly went to a Newman Drive residence and struck a man several times. When officers arrived at the residence they observed a man with several blood stains on his shirt and a gash over his left eye. The man said he and Davis had been in a relationship. Officers located Davis who told them they she had become angered over the man speaking with another lady. She said she called and told the man to repay her money owed to her. While at the residence, she said, she attempted to discuss the couple’s relationship but became angered at the man’s response and she slapped the man. When officers were arresting Davis she allegedly told them that the man was upset “because he got his (expletive) beat by a girl.” On January 14 an entering auto complaint was filed at Wal Mart, Eatonton Road. According to reports, a man said someone entered his unlocked vehicle end removed his wallet. Reports state that a suspect attempted to use the complainant’s debit card to purchase a Playstation 4 from Wal Mart but the purchase was declined. The same suspect then left the card in a card reader and walked away, but returned when the cashier was helping another customer and attempted to take the Playstation 4. The cashier followed the suspect who dropped the Playstation and fled out of the garden store entrance. On January 13 a warrant for battery and fleeing or attempting to elude police was issued against Adrian Lawrence, 33, Buckhead. According to reports, Lawrence allegedly attacked a woman at a Morgan Circle residence after the two became engaged in a fight regarding alleged infedelities against Lawrence. An officer stated that when he arrived at the scene he observed Lawrence leaving the area. The officer wrote that he attempted to stop Lawrence on Georgia Highway 83 but Lawrence’s vehicle reached speeds of more than 100 mph in a 45 mph zone and that he passed several vehicle that had pulled to the side of the road. On January 10 a warrant for littering on private property was issued against Leon Lee Smith, 58, Madison. According to reports, officers responded to a campsite in a wooded area next to O’Reilly’s Auto Parts, Eatonton Road. The officers spoke with a witness who said he had observed Smith camping at the area and discarding trash. On January 9 a burglary and forgery complaint was filed at a North Second Street residence. According to reports, a man alleged that someone entered his residence and took a check book, an engagment ring and a painting. The man said two checks were fraudulently cashed at Wal Mart during the Thanksgiving holidays. Morgan County Sheriff’s Office On January 14 a tearing down mailboxes complaint was filed at a Madison Lakes Parkway residence. According to reports, a woman said during the hour and 35 minutes she was at a neighbor’s house, someone poured red paint on her mailbox. The woman said she left her house at 8:10 a.m. and returned at 9:45 a.m. and noticed fresh red paint had been poured on her mailbox. The complainant alleged one family in the neighborhood had had on-going problems with her family and may have poured the paint. On January 13 Darius Tyleek Hagood, 19, Columbus, S.C. was arrested and charged with possession of marijuana. Chariots Davis, 22, Anderson S.C. was charged with possession of marijuana and impeding traffic. Kiana Murphy, 20, Charlotte, N.C. was charged with possession of marijuana. Elijah Ervin, 18, Hampton. was charged with possession of marijuana. According to reports, at approximately 1:25 a.m. a deputy driving eastbound on Interstate 20 near the 112 mile marker observed a 2004 Infiniti FX35 driven by Davis on Interstate 20 going about 45 mph. The deputy reported that several vehicles were passing Davis in the right hand lane. The deputy initiated a traffic stop on the Infiniti and after the stop was “overwhelmed with the odor of raw marijuana coming from inside the vehicle. He questioned Davis regarding her speed and she allegedly told him she thought the speed limit on the interstate was 40 mph. The deputy advised Davis and the three passengers that based on the smell coming from the vehicle he was going to search the vehicle. Reports state the deputy allegedly located marijuana in a  cigar wrapper on the passenger side cubby hole, a Mason jar with a bag of marijuana inside on the rear passenger side floor board and a chrome water bottle containing a bag of marijuana inside the rear driver side floor board. On January 12 a simple battery complaint was filed at a Second Street, Bostwick residence. According to reports, deputies responding to a domestic incidence complaint were told that a woman had alleged that her boyfriend had struck her in the head during an altercation. When deputies arrived at the residence they could not find the female complainant. Deputies searched the area around the residence but initially could not find the woman. Two deputies eventually located the woman under an unoccupied manufactured home located next door to the incident location. When the deputies located the woman she “was visibly upset and appeared to be having a panic attack.” The woman alleged that her boyfriend would not let her sleep last night and at one point he rolled over in bed and hit her on the head with his hand. She also said she had run out of her bi-polar medicine three or four days earlier and that she had recently used crystal meth. The boyfriend told deputies that the woman had stayed up all night watching television with he volume very high. On January 12 an information report was filed at a West Main Street, Rutledge residence. According to reports, a woman said when she returned home she noticed someone had pushed up her kitchen window. The woman said she suspects her boyfriend may have returned after the couple had an argument centered on rent money and their impending separation. The woman said when the man left he only took his belongings but she suspects he might have returned for more items. The boyfriend denied any knowledge or complicity in the raised window situation. On January 12 Jamel Browning, 24, Madison was arrested and charged with possession of marijuana. According to reports, deputies conducting a road block at the intersection of Cox Road and Carmichael Road initially contacted Browning while Browning was driving a 2006 Kia Sorrento. During the 8 p.m. stop a deputy reported that he requested and received Browning’s driver license and told Browning to continue through the road block. Reports state when Browning closed his car door the deputy experienced a “strong smell of marijuana” coming from the vehicle. The deputy then followed and stopped Browning while Browning was driving the Kia northbound on the Madison by-pass. Consequent to the stop, a small amount of suspected marijuana was located in the center console of the vehicle. A 16-year-old female was also in the vehicle. The deputy called family members of the juvenile to pick her up at the scene of the arrest. On January 11 a damage to property complaint was filed at a Double Bridges Road residence. According to reports, a man said three surveyors surveying land for his neighbor’s daughter had damaged three Leyland Cypress trees on the property. The man estimated that the trees were worth $800 each. On January 11 an information report was filed at an Athens Highway residence. According to reports, a man alleged that his sister, in September, 2016, had charged $2,581.15 to his Babcock & More, Athens Highway, charge account. The man said the sister should not have access to his account and he wants the charges placed in her name. About Author administrator Related Posts 0 Law Enforcement 0 Law Enforcement 0 Law Enforcement 0 Law Enforcement Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   Our Advertisers:   Find us on Facebook © 2017 Morgan County Citizen. All Rights Reserved. Theme by MyThemeShop. Back to Top ↑
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Bayer Joins Jobs Parade The Wall Street Journal. Jacob Bunge and Christopher Alessi 1/18/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks Click to expand Replay Video Amazon's first employee shares what he learned from Jeff Bezos Shel Kaphan, who joined Amazon in 1994, had no idea the company would become a success. CNBC Boeing unveils new spacesuit design Boeing unveiled its new spacesuit on Wednesday. The new suit is around 40% lighter than previous suits and features a wide polycarbonate visor. It is designed to be used inside Boeing’s Starliner capsule, which is set to launch in 2018. The Wall Street Journal. Super-secret survival silo will cost super rich $3M per floor A converted missile silo in an undisclosed location in Kansas provides bunker units for super rich buyers. CNBC SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Novartis CEO Discusses Impact of Trump on Drug Industry The Wall Street Journal. See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Amazon's first employee shares what he learned from Jeff Bezos CNBC 0:52 Boeing unveils new spacesuit design The Wall Street Journal. 1:17 Super-secret survival silo will cost super rich $3M per floor CNBC 2:53 The obstacles Trump faces with the border wall CBS News 2:39 10 best jobs in America in 2017, according to Glassdoor TheWrap 1:09 Best Kirkland products to buy at Costco Kiplinger 1:07 How soon will Congress move on tax reform, health care? Bloomberg 5:27 What the Dow topping 20,000 really means The Washington Post 1:45 Elon Musk's 'boring' new business idea could help L.A. traffic Newsy 0:58 The least livable cities in the world Seeker 3:54 Trump-backer Peter Thiel just became a New Zealand citizen CNBC 0:31 The next possible gun industry sales boom: Suppresors CNN Money 2:54 After Trump's TPP withdrawal, what's next for US trade deals? The Wall Street Journal. 3:00 Dutch CEO strapped himself to a windmill to make this announcement Newsy 0:41 Trump gives hope to these small business owners Fox Business 3:44 Bond markets get French election jitters Reuters 1:34 UP NEXT Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investment after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string of public displays from companies looking to head off criticism from the incoming administration about job losses. The German chemical conglomerate, which is seeking regulatory approval for its planned $57 billion purchase of biotech seed maker Monsanto Co., said Tuesday it would step up research investments and create “several thousand” new high-tech positions in the U.S. after completing the deal targeted to close by the end of the year. The pledge came hours after General Motors Co. separately confirmed a plan to invest a further $1 billion in its U.S. manufacturing operations, and Hyundai Motor Co. outlined a new $3.1 billion investment in existing U.S. manufacturing plants. Also on Tuesday, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. touted its previous plans to add about 10,000 U.S. jobs this year, following online retailer Amazon.com Inc.’s announcement last week of an additional 100,000 full-time U.S. jobs, mostly through expansion plans already in the works. According to Trump transition team spokesman Sean Spicer, Bayer’s decision was the result of “the president-elect’s focus on creating a better business climate here in the United States.” Mr. Spicer’s comments, made to reporters on a conference call Tuesday, could leave Bayer and Monsanto little room to deviate from the employment commitment. Companies large and smaller are pondering their prospects under Mr. Trump, who is set for inauguration Friday, and has wasted little time since his November election spotlighting companies he sees shirking their responsibility to the U.S. market and workers. Following a campaign that emphasized job creation and domestic business expansion, Mr. Trump vowed to bring back manufacturing positions to the U.S., and since his election has castigated companies for shifting operations abroad while praising others for domestic expansion plans. That has presented companies with the choice to strike a deal with Mr. Trump’s team—as Carrier Corp. did in November, keeping about 1,000 jobs in Indiana in return for new government incentives—or reverse plans to shift some manufacturing abroad like Ford Motor Co. did recently. Others are opting to lie low, hoping to stay clear of the incoming president’s Twitter feed. Wal-Mart’s jobs plan, which derives from previously planned store expansions and openings and new e-commerce services, suggests that even the country’s largest private employer feels the need to tout American job growth. Concern over whether Bayer’s planned takeover of Monsanto could hurt U.S. farmers’ competitiveness was one factor behind a meeting in New York last week between Mr. Trump and Bayer Chief Executive Werner Baumann and Monsanto CEO Hugh Grant. Some farmers and state officials on a committee created to advise the Trump campaign on farm policy this month called on the president-elect to block tie-ups between some of the agricultural industry’s biggest players, saying competition will slacken and prices for seeds and crop sprays will rise. Besides Bayer’s Monsanto deal, which would create the world’s No. 1 supplier by sales of both seeds and pesticides, Dow Chemical Co. and DuPont Co. are pursuing a merger that would create another agricultural giant, while China National Chemical Corp. plans to buy Swiss pesticide maker Syngenta AG. Bayer said Tuesday it aims to invest over the next six years about $16 billion to research new crop seeds and pesticides, with half that spending planned for the U.S., while adding several thousand new high-tech positions in the U.S. Mr. Spicer went further, telling reporters Tuesday that Bayer’s Mr. Baumann pledged to keep all of Monsanto’s more than 9,000 U.S. jobs in the country and to create at least 3,000 new U.S. high-tech jobs. A Bayer spokesman declined to elaborate on specific numbers. While Bayer has said its deal for Monsanto isn’t based on cutting costs from the combined businesses, the German company has targeted about $1.5 billion in cost savings from the deal. On a September conference call with employees, Mr. Baumann acknowledged that some layoffs could be inevitable due to overlapping jobs. Bayer’s Tuesday commitment on R&D spending works out to a total of about $2.7 billion a year, which isn’t far from what the companies already spend. Monsanto spent slightly more than $1.5 billion on research and development efforts in each of the past two years, while Bayer spent about $1 billion in agricultural R&D in 2014 and $1.17 billion in 2015. “The United States is a global leader in agriculture, and the combination of Bayer-Monsanto will underscore that role and ensure the United States retains a pre-eminent position as the anchor of the industry,” Bayer and Monsanto said in a joint statement following Mr. Spicer’s comments. While Mr. Trump’s critiques of megamergers like AT&T Inc.’s planned takeover of Time Warner Inc. have fueled investor concern that he could take aim at other big deals, antitrust lawyers said that questions of lost jobs—and pledges to keep them—typically don’t factor into the nitty-gritty of deal reviews. “This kind of environment on the outside is, to the [antitrust] agencies, very unhealthy,” said Bill Kovacic, professor of competition law at George Washington University and former chairman of the Federal Trade Commission. “It creates the impression that the competition agencies are a direct extension of the political process.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Wall Street Journal Text of Trump Executive Order on Barring Refugees The Wall Street Journal. Obstacles Remain in Talks to Settle Wal-Mart Bribery Probe The Wall Street Journal. The Wall Street Journal. View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Chinese CEOs Brush Off Trump Risks Over Breakfast With U.S. Execs Bloomberg News January 18, 2017, 8:24 AM EST 13 SOE chiefs met with GE, Wal-Mart to discuss cooperation China hopes treatment by U.S. won’t get worse after Trump Schwarzman: Xi Anticipates Working Things Out With U.S. Cooperation between Chinese and U.S. companies is the only way forward amid rising economic uncertainty and geopolitical risks. That’s the conclusion from some of the 13 chief executive officers of Chinese state-owned enterprises who met Wednesday over breakfast with leaders from some of the biggest U.S. companies at the annual World Economic Forum conclave. Senior executives of International Business Machines Corp., Wal-Mart Stores Inc., General Electric Co. and Cisco Systems Inc. were among those who attended the meeting in Davos, Switzerland, while participants from China included heads of CRRC Group and China National Machinery Industry Corp. “We talked about economic trends, uncertainties, risks," said Liu Hualong, chairman of CRRC, the nation’s only maker of high-speed locomotives. "We came to the same conclusion, that we must work together. We all expressed confidence over future development, cooperation and globalization. No matter how things are changing, it’s temporary and eventually enterprises will work with each other, just as the nations will.” The meeting came one day after Chinese President Xi Jinping urged global business and political elites to reject trade wars and protectionism, in his first public rebuttal of the policies advocated by incoming U.S. leader Donald Trump. Xi called on the billionaires and political leaders present to close wealth gaps and improve financial regulation, without retreating from policies that have fueled decades of growth. ‘Still Opportunities’ The discussion focused on uncertainties as Trump prepares to take office on Friday, said Ren Hongbin, chairman of China National Machinery, which is known as Sinomach. “Both sides feel there are still opportunities,” he said. “Most importantly, we should change the mindset of zero sum. It’s not either win or lose." Ren said his firm is seeking to deepen cooperation with GE on a wind-power project in Africa after a pilot project in Kenya succeeded last year. “We’ve got used to some unfair treatment from the U.S. even before Trump," said Ren. “What we hope for is it won’t get worse." The presence of Chinese firms at the economic forum has grown in recent years. The appearance of Xi -- whose entourage includes more than 80 business executives, such as Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. founder Jack Ma and Dalian Wanda Group Co. Chairman Wang Jianlin -- is unprecedented. Trump didn’t attend. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Xi spent his final hours in Davos on Tuesday making his pitch to business leaders for keeping trading relationships open. He met over lunch at a hotel with executives including Blackstone Group LP founder Steve Schwarzman, Reliance Industries Ltd. Chairman Mukesh Ambani and Hewlett-Packard Enterprise Co. Chief Executive Officer Meg Whitman. International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde and Bank of England Governor Mark Carney also attended. “In the past, Chinese firms came to Davos because they needed this platform to express their views,” said Wanda’s Wang. “Now it’s Davos that needs people like us.” For more on Davos, see our special report on the World Economic Forum 2017. — With assistance by Jun Luo Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So I still remember the conversation. In fact, I can “see” it in my mind. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Retail Companies "Death Watch" List for 2017 Message: URL: http://mney.co/2iM8VnE  +  6  =  nine Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Retail Companies "Death Watch" List for 2017 Message: URL: http://mney.co/2iM8VnE 5  −   =  3 Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Your Money2 responses Retail Companies "Death Watch" List for 2017 By Money Morning Staff Reports, Money Morning • January 6, 2017 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website one  ×   =  four Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Yes, the bubonic plague for retail companies has arrived. Buffeted by structural changes such as the explosion of e-commerce, weak consumer numbers, and an increasingly selective customer base, 2016 saw an epidemic of retailer bankruptcies. A full 30 major retail brands, including American Apparel and Staples Inc., filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection last year. Some, like Furniture Barn and Sports Authority, shuttered their doors forever. Unfortunately for brick-and-mortar retail, 2017's outlook isn't much better, especially as already-ailing store locations try to stem their profit losses while attempting to keep up with the ever-evolving e-commerce industry. Sure, some of these retailers might actually be able to compete for a little while, and even bring in some money. But this financial respite won't last. It never does. Just look at how Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) tried and failed to keep up with the likes of Amazon.com Inc. (Nasdaq: AMZN) last year… Between May 2016 and August 2016, Walmart Marketplace, its third-party seller service, added roughly 250 new merchants to the online bazaar launched by its mothership in 2009. While this competitive push saw Walmart's e-commerce sales hit 11.8% growth in the first half of 2016, the total e-commerce market tore ahead at 15% growth overall during that same span of time. This meant WMT was actually losing the race. And at a steep cost. WMT ignored its brick-and-mortar establishments in the meantime, resulting in 269 location closures worldwide, including 154 in the United States. Even at the time of writing, reports of more retail store closures in 2017 are making headlines. Macy's Inc. (NYSE: M), the country's largest department store chain, just announced Wednesday (Jan. 4) that it plans to eliminate more than 10,000 jobs over the next 12 months while continuing with its plans to close 100 stores. And yesterday morning Sears Holdings Corp. (Nasdaq: SHLD) announced it will be shuttering 150 stores in 2017, including 78 Kmart locations. Here's a look at the stores on our list of retail companies that might not make it past 2017 … so far… Our 2017 Retail Companies Death Watch List Expected 2017 Retail Death No. 1: J.C. Penney Co. Inc. (NYSE: JCP): Seemingly lost in the hubbub of giant retail store closures is the fate of J.C. Penney, which found a quick means to chip away at its mountain of debt (again) by selling its headquarters in Plano, Texas, yesterday. On Jan. 4 the retailer announced it sold its HQ and surrounding 45 acres of land in the Lone Star State to commercial real estate developers Dreien Opportunity LLC for $353 million. Related: Five "Outrageous" Profit Plays We'll Make in 2017 While the sale might improve J.C. Penney's financial picture in the short term, that fiscal bump is not likely to last. You see, JCP's net losses have slowed. On Oct. 29, 2016, the company reported its long-term debt at $4.5 billion, down from the $5.15 billion it reported in the third quarter of 2015. But all this freed-up cash combined – from its HQ sales as well as from its chipped-away debt – will only prove a temporary patch for a monumental, unstoppable leak. As Fortune pointed out back in March 2016, JCP still operates roughly the same number of stores as it did in 2006. In 2006, however, its annual sales were at $19.9 billion. In 2016, that yearly amount was just above $12 billion. 2017 Retail Death No. 2: Kohl's Corp. (NYSE: KSS): Kohl's slashed its full-year forecast of earnings per share to $3.60-$3.65 just yesterday (Jan. 5) – down from $3.80-$4.00 roughly two months ago in November 2016. Its reason for doing so was comparable holiday sales, which fell 2.7% in 2016 from fourth-quarter 2015. "Sales were volatile throughout the holiday season. Strong sales on Black Friday and during the week before Christmas were offset by softness in early November and December," Kohl's CEO Kevin Mansell said in a press release today. Meanwhile, Macy's CEO Terry Lundgren cited similar patterns yesterday morning for his company's disappointing sales as well… Retail 2017 Death No. 3: Macy's: The country's largest department store chain announced Wednesday it would close 68 additional stores (on top of 32 already expected in 2017) and lay off more than 10,000 workers. Lundgren explained why the following morning… "We are closing locations that are unproductive or are no longer robust shopping destinations due to changes in the local retail shopping landscape, as well as monetizing locations with highly valued real estate," Lundgren said in a press release. "While our sales trend is consistent with the lower end of our guidance, we had anticipated sales would be stronger. We believe that our performance during the holiday season reflects the broader challenges facing much of the retail industry." Indeed, previously dominant retail leaders are dropping like flies, including these two former American shopping mainstays that have been coughing out their death rattles for several years now… Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (2) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: companies torrance l. payne | January 17, 2017 i would like to know the out come on lowes cutting jobs Reply Norman Jaquemot | January 17, 2017 Maybe it's time to invite shareholderes, stock holders and the likes to consider lowering their prices to become competitive towards e-markets, and reconsider their profit margin in order to lower prices to be able to sustain credibility. If your prices are higher than your competitors, how do you think you'll be profitable ? Maybe it's time to check closely your competitors prices and act accordingly. The average Joe is now on limited budget, so he'll only buy when he feels the price is right. To bring back the demand, you have to lower expectations of your shareholders, and drop prices in order to bring back the customers. Is it so hard to understand ? Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 9  +   =  twelve Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesHow to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading StrategiesJPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading StrategiesWhat I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 TechnologyI Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter TechnologyThe Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Investing IdeasThis Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing IdeasIf You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing IdeasTrump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say OilWhy You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline OilYou're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy OilDon't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Trading Strategies1Double Your Money on the 2017 Rally with These Six Picks Trading Strategies1How Not to Lose Everything and Die Broke Technology2This “Digital Hostage Crisis” Play Is All Upside Latest News January 27, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Falls After Weak Q4 GDP Report January 27, 2017 By Money Morning Staff Reports Leave a Comment Trump's Cabinet Net Worth: 30 Times That of George W.'s Cabinet January 27, 2017 By Tom Gentile Leave a Comment Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Trending Posts 9468 Reads 65 Likes Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Michael released his extremely bullish marijuana investing forecast for the year. Now, we're seeing legislative "pushback" in some states. But the outlook for the industry is even stronger than it was... 9244 Reads 97 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks This Week (Jan. 23) What are the top marijuana stocks to watch this week? Here's everything you need to know... Today's Markets DJIA -7.13 (0.04%) 20,093.78 NASDAQ 5.60 (0.10%) 5,660.78 S&P -1.99 (0.09%) 2,294.69 JCP 0.32 (-4.73%) 6.45 M 0.81 (-2.71%) 29.11 SHLD 0.54 (-6.78%) 7.42 KSS -1.25 (-3.11%) 39.00 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Will Wal-Mart Raise Its Dividend in 2017? The big-box discount retail giant has an impressive dividend growth streak, but its stock is down almost 25% since 2015's highs. Should investors count on a payout boost this year? Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Jan 18, 2017 at 9:15AM Big-box department stores revolutionized the retail industry in the late 20th century, and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) remains the industry's giant. With more than 2.3 million employees worldwide, Wal-Mart is the biggest private employer in the nation, and the company has rewarded long-term shareholders with 20% average annual returns over the past 40 years and an impressive streak of raising its dividend payments every year for more than 40 years. Yet recently, Wal-Mart stock has fallen dramatically, calling into question the company's future growth prospects. Let's look more closely at Wal-Mart to see whether investors can count on the Dow component to raise its dividend in 2017. Image source: Wal-Mart. Dividend Stats on Wal-Mart Current Quarterly Dividend Per Share $0.50 Current Yield 2.9% Number of Consecutive Years With Dividend Increases 43 years Payout Ratio 43% Last Increase March 2016 Source: Yahoo! Finance. Last increase refers to ex-dividend date. A look at Wal-Mart's long-term dividend growth Wal-Mart's track record of boosting its payouts has been extremely impressive, and the gains were particularly large over the past 15 years or so. Double-digit percentage boosts to the quarterly dividend payment were common, and as recently as 2013, Wal-Mart made an 18% increase to its dividend, capping a run that had almost doubled the quarterly amount just since 2008. Yet in recent years, Wal-Mart has almost done away with dividend growth. The company has made token increases of $0.01 per share in three consecutive years, amounting to raises of just over 2% each year. That has had the effect of extending Wal-Mart's streak of annual dividend increases, but it hasn't given investors any confidence about the company's true commitment to income investors. WMT Dividend data by YCharts Why has Wal-Mart's dividend growth come to a near-standstill? A combination of factors has hit Wal-Mart hard over the past couple of years. First and foremost, terrible conditions throughout the brick-and-mortar retail space have spared few companies, and it isn't entirely fair to single Wal-Mart out. In fact, some department store retailers are facing much bigger challenges than Wal-Mart is, and high-end retail in particular has had to deal with challenges that Wal-Mart's more mainstream core of shoppers hasn't yet posed. Yet Wal-Mart does have some company-specific issues as well. The company decided to close all of its Wal-Mart Express stores in early 2016. The concept had grown to more than 100 stores, but the attempt to bring the Wal-Mart name to a store size far smaller than the traditional supercenter didn't pick up traction. The retailer still has high hopes for other concepts like its Neighborhood Market offering, but closures of both that concept and traditional supercenters also show some that Wal-Mart has had to optimize its store portfolio to avoid taking financial hits from sluggish conditions in retail. In addition, despite big spending to boost its online presence, Wal-Mart still hasn't found a way to compete effectively against the biggest online-only retailers. Moreover, Wal-Mart is facing some cost increases that not all of its competitors have to deal with right now. Wal-Mart has boosted its base wages over the past two years, with increases to $10 per hour as of February 2016. But many states are boosting minimum wages on a long-term path that could force further increases. Moreover, it will be hard for Wal-Mart to match some of its big-box peers, simply because of the nature of its business model. Will Wal-Mart raise its dividend in 2017? Even though Wal-Mart has had difficulties in generating as much growth as investors would like, however, the company does have the capacity to boost its dividend. With a payout ratio well under 50%, further increases in Wal-Mart's quarterly payout wouldn't have a dramatic impact on its available cash flow. That would still leave the retailer with plenty of options in considering what to do with the bulk of its capital. Based on its recent actions, investors shouldn't expect Wal-Mart to give them more than another $0.01 per share token increase in 2017. That would take the quarterly payment to $0.51 per share, and leave the yield at close to 3% while extending Wal-Mart's impressive streak for another year. Before investors can count on bigger hikes, Wal-Mart will have to restart its growth engines and demonstrate that it can compete effectively not only against its department store peers but also against online retail giants without the brick-and-mortar baggage that Wal-Mart has to carry. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 9:15AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $65.66 down $-1.07 (-1.60%) Read More Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Wal-Mart Raises the Stakes in E-commerce Arms Race With Amazon Berkshire Hathaway Sold $2 Billion of Wal-Mart Stock: Time for You to Sell, Too? Jet.com Holiday Sales Are Growing Fourfold Thanks to Wal-Mart When Will Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Split Its Stock Again? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Will Wal-Mart Raise Its Dividend in 2017? @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Will Wal-Mart Raise Its Dividend in 2017? The big-box discount retail giant has an impressive dividend growth streak, but its stock is down almost 25% since 2015's highs. Should investors count on a payout boost this year? Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Jan 18, 2017 at 9:15AM Big-box department stores revolutionized the retail industry in the late 20th century, and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) remains the industry's giant. With more than 2.3 million employees worldwide, Wal-Mart is the biggest private employer in the nation, and the company has rewarded long-term shareholders with 20% average annual returns over the past 40 years and an impressive streak of raising its dividend payments every year for more than 40 years. Yet recently, Wal-Mart stock has fallen dramatically, calling into question the company's future growth prospects. Let's look more closely at Wal-Mart to see whether investors can count on the Dow component to raise its dividend in 2017. Image source: Wal-Mart. Dividend Stats on Wal-Mart Current Quarterly Dividend Per Share $0.50 Current Yield 2.9% Number of Consecutive Years With Dividend Increases 43 years Payout Ratio 43% Last Increase March 2016 Source: Yahoo! Finance. Last increase refers to ex-dividend date. A look at Wal-Mart's long-term dividend growth Wal-Mart's track record of boosting its payouts has been extremely impressive, and the gains were particularly large over the past 15 years or so. Double-digit percentage boosts to the quarterly dividend payment were common, and as recently as 2013, Wal-Mart made an 18% increase to its dividend, capping a run that had almost doubled the quarterly amount just since 2008. Yet in recent years, Wal-Mart has almost done away with dividend growth. The company has made token increases of $0.01 per share in three consecutive years, amounting to raises of just over 2% each year. That has had the effect of extending Wal-Mart's streak of annual dividend increases, but it hasn't given investors any confidence about the company's true commitment to income investors. WMT Dividend data by YCharts Why has Wal-Mart's dividend growth come to a near-standstill? A combination of factors has hit Wal-Mart hard over the past couple of years. First and foremost, terrible conditions throughout the brick-and-mortar retail space have spared few companies, and it isn't entirely fair to single Wal-Mart out. In fact, some department store retailers are facing much bigger challenges than Wal-Mart is, and high-end retail in particular has had to deal with challenges that Wal-Mart's more mainstream core of shoppers hasn't yet posed. Yet Wal-Mart does have some company-specific issues as well. The company decided to close all of its Wal-Mart Express stores in early 2016. The concept had grown to more than 100 stores, but the attempt to bring the Wal-Mart name to a store size far smaller than the traditional supercenter didn't pick up traction. The retailer still has high hopes for other concepts like its Neighborhood Market offering, but closures of both that concept and traditional supercenters also show some that Wal-Mart has had to optimize its store portfolio to avoid taking financial hits from sluggish conditions in retail. In addition, despite big spending to boost its online presence, Wal-Mart still hasn't found a way to compete effectively against the biggest online-only retailers. Moreover, Wal-Mart is facing some cost increases that not all of its competitors have to deal with right now. Wal-Mart has boosted its base wages over the past two years, with increases to $10 per hour as of February 2016. But many states are boosting minimum wages on a long-term path that could force further increases. Moreover, it will be hard for Wal-Mart to match some of its big-box peers, simply because of the nature of its business model. Will Wal-Mart raise its dividend in 2017? Even though Wal-Mart has had difficulties in generating as much growth as investors would like, however, the company does have the capacity to boost its dividend. With a payout ratio well under 50%, further increases in Wal-Mart's quarterly payout wouldn't have a dramatic impact on its available cash flow. That would still leave the retailer with plenty of options in considering what to do with the bulk of its capital. Based on its recent actions, investors shouldn't expect Wal-Mart to give them more than another $0.01 per share token increase in 2017. That would take the quarterly payment to $0.51 per share, and leave the yield at close to 3% while extending Wal-Mart's impressive streak for another year. Before investors can count on bigger hikes, Wal-Mart will have to restart its growth engines and demonstrate that it can compete effectively not only against its department store peers but also against online retail giants without the brick-and-mortar baggage that Wal-Mart has to carry. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 9:15AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $65.66 down $-1.07 (-1.60%) Read More Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Wal-Mart Raises the Stakes in E-commerce Arms Race With Amazon Berkshire Hathaway Sold $2 Billion of Wal-Mart Stock: Time for You to Sell, Too? Jet.com Holiday Sales Are Growing Fourfold Thanks to Wal-Mart When Will Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Split Its Stock Again? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Will Wal-Mart Raise Its Dividend in 2017? @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports High School Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors NY Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu High School Home Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Ice Hockey Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Girls Gymnastics Competitive Cheer Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Field Hockey Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Boys Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Subscribe to our YouTube channel Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales comments Bayer-Monsanto, Wal-Mart, GM adding U.S. jobs amid pressure from Trump Donald Trump, Carrier President-elect Donald Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence wave as they visit to Carrier factory, Thursday, Dec. 1, 2016, in Indianapolis, Ind. (Evan Vucci | AP) Print Email Geoff Herbert | gherbert@syracuse.com By Geoff Herbert | gherbert@syracuse.com The Post-Standard Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 18, 2017 at 7:43 AM, updated January 18, 2017 at 7:53 AM comments Companies are continuing to add jobs to the United States amid pressure from President-elect Donald Trump. Wal-Mart said Tuesday it will add 10,000 U.S. jobs this year and General Motors announced a $1 billion investment that would create 1,500 new jobs. According to Fortune, it's a small increase in the workforce -- Wal-Mart currently has 1.4 million U.S. employees -- and most of the retailer's incoming jobs are incoming from already planned Walmart store openings, which will add 24,000 construction jobs. Reuters reports GM had similarly been planning job additions for some time, but Trump suggested credit for the business confirmations Tuesday. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!" Trump wrote on Twitter. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff,'" he added in a pair of tweets. Trump has repeatedly singled out U.S. companies during his campaign and since winning the election, pressuring them to keep more American jobs. Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer told CNN Tuesday that Bayer-Monsanto has also committed $8 billion in research and development in the U.S. after meeting with Trump. Bayer confirmed that Bayer CEO Werner Baumann and Monsanto CEO Hugh Grant both met with the president-elect, but said they had already planned to spend at least half of its $16 billion on R&D over the next six years in the United States. German drug-maker Bayer announced it would buy American seed and fertilizer company Monsanto in September. The companies said they plan to keep Monsanto's workers in St. Louis and add more than 3,000 high-tech jobs in California, but did not confirm or deny a claim by Spicer that no jobs would be lost. Trump said in November he convinced Carrier to keep 1,100 jobs from moving to Mexico, but United Steelworkers Local 1999 President Chuck Jones said the number was closer to 800. The air conditioning company, which was formerly headquartered in Syracuse, said it will receive $7 million in tax incentives over 10 years. It's unclear whether Wal-Mart, GM or Bayer-Monsanto will receive similar incentives. Store Front Retail business news The latest Syracuse and CNY commercial and retail news. ... Store Front» Sign up for the Store Front newsletter Get the latest retail news from around Central New York. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for subscribing to Store Front! The Store Front newsletter is delivered each week on Wednesday. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. More Business Topics Company News: Hirings & promotions Business certificates, bankruptcies & more Homes: Real estate news, transactions & homes for sale Active Discussions Most Read About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Syracuse Media Group Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Submit letter, commentary Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Syracuse Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Syracuse Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Friday January 27 2017 6:36 pm     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. January 18, 2017, 05:00 AM The Associated Press NEW YORK — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” and took credit for bringing jobs “back into the U.S.” However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn’t have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. ———————— Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio     Tags: announced, plans, stores, about, trump, years, Other stories from today: GM to add or keep 7,000 U.S. jobs, make $1 billion factory investment Recovered SpaceX rocket arrives in Port of Los Angeles Bank stocks drags down indexes; dollar drops     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   What do you think of Trump's first week in office? Excellent Good Surprising A bit hectic Not good Simply awful                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County employment ads  
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out05:36 GMT +328 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Trump's Jobs Creation Agenda Gains Traction on GM, Walmart Announcements © Flickr/ Mike Mozart Business 15:34 18.01.2017(updated 15:38 18.01.2017) Get short URL 2325563 General Motors and Walmart, two of the most prominent US large companies and employers, reaffirmed their plans to add US jobs, triggering a positive reaction from President-elect Donald Trump. © AP Photo/ Amy Sancetta, File General Motors Strikes Back After Trump's Tax Threat: Cruze Models Built in USKristian Rouz – Adding to the economic optimism that stems from President-elect Donald Trump's plan to "bring jobs back in the US," the automotive giant General Motors (GM) and retail chain store Walmart announced on Tuesday they would hire additional personnel nationwide. With the increased investment in their US operations, both enterprises are eyeing greater profits resulting from strengthening US consumer demand. However, as some analysts point out, these two companies planned their expansion in the US market before the presidential election in November. Yet, the anticipation of the Trump-proposed fiscal stimulus is pushing consumer sentiment higher across the US, promising even higher estimated returns for both Walmart and GM. Walmart Stores, Inc. and General Motors Co. won thumbs-up from President-elect Donald Trump on Tuesday after they both reaffirmed their plans to increase investment in domestic operations and hire additional personnel. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US!" Trump tweeted on Tuesday. Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017 Walmart plans to create 10,000 new jobs across their 60 new stores set to open this year. Meanwhile, GM intends to invest an additional $1 bln in their domestic operation, creating 1,500 new US jobs, primarily in manufacturing. © Flickr/ mrkumm Trump Threatens General Motors With Border Tax Over Car Production in MexicoTrump, naturally, welcomed these recent announcements as they fall in line with his economic policy agenda aimed at improving the US labor market by adding sustainable jobs in the private sector. Previously, Trump harshly criticized many US major enterprises for offshoring their manufacturing and operational facilities and cutting US jobs in the crucial sectors of the economy. His election in November was largely motivated by the economic despair across the Rust Belt – once heavily industrialized, and now dismayed, states of Pennsylvania, Michigan, Ohio, and Wisconsin expressed their trust in Trump’s economic agenda aimed at bringing the economy back on track. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the US (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country… I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'," Trump said in a separate tweet. The president-elect is known as a heavy user of Twitter, oftentimes drawing criticism from his opponents for his excessive reliance on this social media platform. Overall, since Trump was elected into office in early November, he has assured the creation of roughly 200,000 new US jobs by a handful of both US and overseas enterprises. Among these are the online retailer Amazon.com, the telecom giant Sprint Corp., the German pharmaceutical company Bayer, and the US seeds enterprise Monsanto Co. The latter two companies also reaffirmed their plans to create more hi-tech jobs in the US after their merger is finalized. © AFP 2016/ MOLLY RILEY Trump Promises More Action on US Jobs After Ford Scraps Mexico PlantWalmart is a prominent example of a company that up until recently was closing its brick-and-mortar shops across the US and cutting personnel due to increased competition from online retail. However, the recent pickup in domestic US consumption and the failure of online commerce to push beyond the threshold of 10pc of total US sales resulted in Walmart revising their outlook. Most likely, the expected massive money injections into the economy in the form of the Trump tax stimulus encouraged the once-bleeding Walmart to turn their business strategy around. Among other companies, SoftBank earlier announced they would create 50,000 US jobs under a $50-billion investment deal, stemming from the confidence of the Trump administration's economic policies. IBM, once the biggest producer of computers in the US, also said they would add 25,000 jobs in the US. "I share (Trump's) enthusiasm about the commitment that he's making to this country," Sergio Marchionne, CEO of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles said. Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 63 Related: Walmart Might Buy Amazon Rival Jet.com for $3Bln Former Walmart Employees Demand $15 in Hourly Wages - Reports Ex-Walmart CEO Crash Lands on Arkansas Highway US Voters Want Trump to Focus on Jobs, Healing Country in Inauguration Speech Trump Effect? Ford Cancels Plans for New Plant in Mexico, Saves 3,500 US Jobs Tags: hi-tech, jobs, Fiat Chrysler, General Electric, Walmart, Donald Trump, Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Mexico, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply cast235 15:46 18.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete THIS is where TRUMP SHINES. He could help DETROIT, fix all New York City roads tat are worst than in ALEPPO. Fix AIRPORTS that are the worst GLOBALLY. Clean the SWAMP. Remove MSM privilege in Washington and open a BIG press place. He should TWEET RT and Sputnik the publish a copy . And way MORE. Leave MSM with RABIES, TWEETING RT!! SPUTNIK!!! I will die laughing. Reply marcanhalt 15:59 18.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete How two-faced can Walmart be? They just closed 269 stores because of "plumbing problems", ran razor wire around the roof tops and put 2200 people out of work. The "plumbing problems"? That will take 6 months to "repair". All of the stores have been gutted and no local plumbing outfits have been called on to fix the "problem."Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 05:25British Actor John Hurt Dead at 77 - Reports 04:52US Vice President to Participate in Trump-Putin Phone Conversation Saturday 04:43Twitter Reveals Receiving 2 National Security Demands From FBI 04:13Soyuz ST-B Rocket With Hispasat 36W-1 Telecom Satellite Successfully Launched 03:58Trump-Putin Talks Over Telephone Scheduled for 12 Noon on SaturdayAll news Trump Foiled Soros' Master Plan to Impose New World Order - Hedge Fund Manager 12927 India's Home-Made 'Eye-in-Sky' to Fly at Republic Day March for First Time 11097 India to Buy Hundreds of Missiles for Russian Self Propelled Air Defence System 10204 India Begins Constructing Movable Bunkers on Border With China 9557 Chinese Smartphones Make Steady Inroads in India 9334All news Trump Foiled Soros' Master Plan to Impose New World Order - Hedge Fund Manager 46 US Fact-Checking Institute Sponsored by Soros on War Path Against 'Fake News' 37 Secret Service Agent Scrutinized for Refusal to ‘Take Bullet for Trump’ 34 President Trump Signs Executive Order to Build Border Wall 31 Think Tanks Stage Massive Computer Simulation of War With Russia in Warsaw 25All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures War Games Hostility Towards Russia in the Global Media News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Lake County News Grand jury indicts two in murder in Wal-Mart lot Two indicted for murder in Wal-Mart shooting Lake County Sheriffs Office / Orlando Sentinel Scott Bernard Thomas and Roderick Duane Haynes Jr., both 24 and from Leesburg, were indicted Jan. 12 by a grand jury on murder charges. Scott Bernard Thomas and Roderick Duane Haynes Jr., both 24 and from Leesburg, were indicted Jan. 12 by a grand jury on murder charges. (Lake County Sheriffs Office / Orlando Sentinel) Jason RuiterContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel After a drug deal turned into a robbery and a shooting at a Wal-Mart, two Leesburg men were indicted on murder Privacy Policy Two men accused in a shooting death in an apparent exchange of cash for marijuana outside a Lake County Wal-Mart last year were indicted this week on first-degree murder and armed-robbery charges. Authorities said Scott Bernard Thomas and Roderick Duane Haynes Jr., both 24 and from Leesburg, are responsible for killing Mark Allen Estes, 44, who was shot twice in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart that straddles Leesburg and Fruitland Park off U.S. Highway 441. "Generally, I can tell you that it appears to be a drug deal that turned into a robbery," Assistant State Attorney Rich Buxman said Friday. In reading text messages between the victim and the suspects, investigators said they discovered Estes had been at the Wal-Mart at about 7 p.m. Sept. 19 in a 2011 Cadillac to purchase "fire" — a slang term for marijuana. Video from the department store showed that Estes had been there about 7 p.m. when a 2011 Toyota Camry, that officers said had been stolen in Sumter County several weeks earlier, pulled up next to Estes' vehicle. About a minute later, it pulled out of the parking space, striking another car before driving away, according to arrest reports. Caption Teens planned 'mass shooting' at Central Florida middle school Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Caption Teens planned 'mass shooting' at Central Florida middle school Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Caption Police seek Baldwin Park armed robbery suspects Orlando police are looking for three people accused of approaching a woman sitting on her Corrine Drive porch Monday and robbing her of a computer, cell phone, and purse. Anyone with more information about the case can call Crimeline at 1-800-423-8477. Orlando police are looking for three people accused of approaching a woman sitting on her Corrine Drive porch Monday and robbing her of a computer, cell phone, and purse. Anyone with more information about the case can call Crimeline at 1-800-423-8477. Caption What happened to the $125K reward for Markeith Loyd's capture? A Crimeline reward of $125,000 brought in more than 1,400 tips but authorities say it wasn’t a tipster who helped lead them to Loyd’s hideout. A Crimeline reward of $125,000 brought in more than 1,400 tips but authorities say it wasn’t a tipster who helped lead them to Loyd’s hideout. Caption Federal agents raid Los Angeles charter school network A Celerity employee who asked to remain anonymous because of a fear of retaliation said federal agents collected laptops and copied data from computers. (Jan. 26, 2017) A Celerity employee who asked to remain anonymous because of a fear of retaliation said federal agents collected laptops and copied data from computers. (Jan. 26, 2017) Caption Local law enforcement participates in identity theft training Paige Hanson, chief of identity education for LifeLock, talks about training for local law enforcement. Paige Hanson, chief of identity education for LifeLock, talks about training for local law enforcement. Estes was lying on the ground, with spent .40-caliber ammunition nearby, the report said. "The victim was inside the Camry when he was shot," Buxman said, and officers found one bullet hole through the front seat and a "partial projectile" in the rear seat. Thomas was arrested several days later and Haynes was arrested in November in Leesburg with the help of U.S. marshals, Buxman said. The mandatory minimum sentence for those convicted of first-degree murder is life imprisonment, he said. jruiter@orlandosentinel.com or 352-742-5927. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Crime Homicide Theft Leesburg Lake County All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 58°
View dentonrc.com's mobile site dentonrc.com Web Search Member Submitted Weather Contests Contact Us Calendar Headlines Legal Notices News State National/World Education Blotter/Crime Politics Special Projects Let Us Know Blogs Advertorial Insight Denton Obits Sports Colleges High Schools Golf Other Sports Mean Green Scores/Schedules Sports AP Headlines Business Business Chronicle Denton Business Gas Prices Entertainment Denton Time Movies Calendar TV Listings Comics & Games Dining Life Couples Food/Recipes Home/Garden Health Religion Let Us Know Photos Faces and Places Opinion Editorials Columns Letters Submit a Letter Classifieds Calendar Jobs Real Estate Shopping Find & Save DealFinder Classifieds ePaper NIE Home > Business/Tech > Denton Business Headlines January 18, 2017 05:51 AM CST January 18, 2017 05:55 AM CST Wal-Mart to add about 10K U.S. jobs Wal-Mart to add about 10K U.S. jobs Comments () A Text Size By Michelle Chapmanand Anne D’Innocenzio | AP Michelle Chapmanand Anne D’Innocenzio | AP Denton Record-Chronicle Published: 18 January 2017 05:51 AM NEW YORK — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday its plans also will generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports also have said that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon.com. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Comments DentonRC.com is now using Facebook Comments. To post a comment, log into Facebook and then add your comment below. Your comment is subject to Facebook's Privacy Policy and Terms of Service on data use. If you don't want your comment to appear on Facebook, uncheck the 'Post to Facebook' box. To find out more, read the FAQ . Copyright 2011 Denton Record-Chronicle. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Connect With Us Denton Business Stories Regulation relief Kim Phillips: New era of radio dawns in Denton Yolanda Garcia Olivarez: SBA official honored to serve county businesses Scott Burns: New rules offered to achieve financial freedom Researcher turning science fiction into real-life items Video Related Sites dallasnews.com AlDiaTX.com GuideLive.com Local business listings Denton Record-Chronicle Newspaper Subscriptions Letter to Editor Submissions Advertising Place Classified Ad Home Contact Us Help Center Advertising Site Map Find Denton Jobs Get the Newspaper ©2015, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Companies pile on job announcements to avoid Trump's wrath USA TODAY Chris Woodyard 1/18/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks Click to expand Replay Video Amazon's first employee shares what he learned from Jeff Bezos Shel Kaphan, who joined Amazon in 1994, had no idea the company would become a success. CNBC Boeing unveils new spacesuit design Boeing unveiled its new spacesuit on Wednesday. The new suit is around 40% lighter than previous suits and features a wide polycarbonate visor. It is designed to be used inside Boeing’s Starliner capsule, which is set to launch in 2018. The Wall Street Journal. Super-secret survival silo will cost super rich $3M per floor A converted missile silo in an undisclosed location in Kansas provides bunker units for super rich buyers. CNBC SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Trump: 'The greatest jobs producer the God ever created' USA TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Amazon's first employee shares what he learned from Jeff Bezos CNBC 0:52 Boeing unveils new spacesuit design The Wall Street Journal. 1:17 Super-secret survival silo will cost super rich $3M per floor CNBC 2:53 The obstacles Trump faces with the border wall CBS News 2:39 10 best jobs in America in 2017, according to Glassdoor TheWrap 1:09 Best Kirkland products to buy at Costco Kiplinger 1:07 How soon will Congress move on tax reform, health care? Bloomberg 5:27 What the Dow topping 20,000 really means The Washington Post 1:45 Elon Musk's 'boring' new business idea could help L.A. traffic Newsy 0:58 The least livable cities in the world Seeker 3:54 Trump-backer Peter Thiel just became a New Zealand citizen CNBC 0:31 The next possible gun industry sales boom: Suppresors CNN Money 2:54 After Trump's TPP withdrawal, what's next for US trade deals? The Wall Street Journal. 3:00 Dutch CEO strapped himself to a windmill to make this announcement Newsy 0:41 Trump gives hope to these small business owners Fox Business 3:44 Bond markets get French election jitters Reuters 1:34 UP NEXT What started as a trickle of companies boasting about their plans to boost their U.S. employees has become a cascade -- all appearing to be aimed at currying favor with President-elect Donald Trump. General Motors and Walmart were the latest to join up Tuesday as various large companies have announced plans that have included adding thousands of jobs in the U.S., retaining plants or canceling plans to move jobs to Mexico. They range from air-conditioning maker Carrier and wireless service provider Sprint to online retailing giant Amazon. But while such declarations seem to work magic when it comes to attracting supportive tweets from Trump, they call into question whether companies are actually changing direction away from expanding in other countries and are now focusing their job-creation efforts on the U.S. Economists and others paying close attention as corporations have portrayed themselves as showing a renewed interest in the U.S. since the presidential election see a mixed picture. "There is some substance that is colored by smoke and mirrors," says Harley Shaiken, a University of California-Berkeley professor who follows labor issues and globalization. "It's really both going on." Many of the announcements about job creation in the U.S. cover plans that were already in the works, for instance, in late December, Sprint announced that it was creating or bringing back to the U.S. 5,000 new jobs, part of a commitment that Sprint owner SoftBank had previously made. Click to expand Replay Video Amazon's first employee shares what he learned from Jeff Bezos Shel Kaphan, who joined Amazon in 1994, had no idea the company would become a success. CNBC Boeing unveils new spacesuit design Boeing unveiled its new spacesuit on Wednesday. The new suit is around 40% lighter than previous suits and features a wide polycarbonate visor. It is designed to be used inside Boeing’s Starliner capsule, which is set to launch in 2018. The Wall Street Journal. Super-secret survival silo will cost super rich $3M per floor A converted missile silo in an undisclosed location in Kansas provides bunker units for super rich buyers. CNBC SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Companies pile on job announcements to avoid Trump's wrath USA TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Amazon's first employee shares what he learned from Jeff Bezos CNBC 0:52 Boeing unveils new spacesuit design The Wall Street Journal. 1:17 Super-secret survival silo will cost super rich $3M per floor CNBC 2:53 The obstacles Trump faces with the border wall CBS News 2:39 10 best jobs in America in 2017, according to Glassdoor TheWrap 1:09 Best Kirkland products to buy at Costco Kiplinger 1:07 How soon will Congress move on tax reform, health care? Bloomberg 5:27 What the Dow topping 20,000 really means The Washington Post 1:45 Elon Musk's 'boring' new business idea could help L.A. traffic Newsy 0:58 The least livable cities in the world Seeker 3:54 Trump-backer Peter Thiel just became a New Zealand citizen CNBC 0:31 The next possible gun industry sales boom: Suppresors CNN Money 2:54 After Trump's TPP withdrawal, what's next for US trade deals? The Wall Street Journal. 3:00 Dutch CEO strapped himself to a windmill to make this announcement Newsy 0:41 Trump gives hope to these small business owners Fox Business 3:44 Bond markets get French election jitters Reuters 1:34 UP NEXT And while the numbers of positions being created sound great, they pale in comparison to the jobs lost over the years. GM announced it will add 7,000 information technology and manufacturing jobs in the U.S., which is a lot by any measure, but compares to a current hourly workforce of 56,000. In 1979, the Associated Press reports, GM's U.S. workforce peaked above 618,000. GM's manufacturing jobs, as represented by the United Auto Workers union, start at $27.79 an hour under the latest contract. Walmart said it will create 10,000 new retail jobs in the U.S. this year, but that's a fraction of the company's U.S. workforce of roughly1.5 million. Walmart's starting wage is about $9 an hour. They join other companies that stepped up as well, often with similar, bittersweet news. For instance, while Amazon has said it would create 100,000 jobs in the United States in 2017, most are low-paying warehouse jobs that offer little job security. Amazon on average pays its warehouse employees 15% less than the average wage of other warehouse workers in the same region, according to Stacy Mitchell of the Institute for Local Self-Reliance, a non-profit advocacy group that works on sustainable community development. Most of the jobs had already been announced in the local markets where the warehouses are located.  “Given that there’s no real news here, one certainly has to wonder if Amazon's announcement is mainly aimed at currying favor with President-elect Trump," Mitchell says. Observers say corporations are making their announcements largely out of fear, wanting to avoid being scolded in Trump's tweets the way that Ford Motor was singled out for expanding in Mexico during the presidential campaign. (Sure enough, Ford found itself back in Trump's good graces on Twitter this month by canceling plans for a $1.6-billion plant in Mexico). "No company wants to be in the Trump crosshairs," says author and researcher Alan Tonelsen, founder of the RealityChek blog who has written extensively on labor issues. "Big multinational companies hate bad publicity." The spin may be creating the reality, he says, rather than vice versa. As the announcements pile up, it is creating a climate where companies realize they move jobs offshore at their own peril. In the case of automobiles, the mere threat of imposing 35% tariffs has been enough to entice companies to wave the flag. The question becomes whether the Trump factor will continue to be enough to compel companies to keep up the "Made in the USA" patter. Some are already lining up to say they've seen enough. "I do not believe it will be feasible or represent good policy for the president to strong-arm individual companies into making business decisions that are not in their best economic interests," says Michael Farr, CEO of Farr, Miller & Washington, a money-management firm. No matter what side you're on, what we've seen so far is likely just the beginning.  "This is the opening salvo," says Josh Bivens, research director for the Economic Policy Institute, a Washington-based think tank. "We will be seeing much more coming out of the Trump administration." Contributing: Adam Shell, Elizabeth Weise, Ed Baig and Brent Snavely Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Encouraging signs for Tiger despite missing cut USA TODAY NHL legends say Gordie Howe was the greatest USA TODAY Trump signs executive order to keep 'Islamic terrorists' out of U.S. USA TODAY In Kentucky, Trump order ‘devastating’ to local refugees USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
U.S. Search Search SIGN IN Subscribe White HousePresident Trump Is Suspending a Refugee Program and Banning Visas From 7 Countries ArtSee the Rare Propaganda Posters of World War II Food &amp; DrinkGo Behind the Scenes as Fortune Cookie History Gets Made Foreign PolicyRepublicans Have a Warning for President Trump: Don't Play Nice With Russia A wreath and flowers surround Orlando police shooting victim, officer Debra Clayton's patrol car on Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla.  John Raoux—AP Florida Suspect in Fatal Orlando Police Shooting Has Been Captured After a Weeklong Manhunt Associated Press Jan 18, 2017 (ORLANDO, Fla.) — The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando police Chief John Mina said Markeith Loyd, 41, was flushed out of an abandoned house and taken into custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd with a bloodied face as a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Mina tweeted, "Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs." Loyd was wearing body armor and carrying two handguns — one equipped with a 100-round magazine — when he surrendered after a SWAT team surrounded the house in western Orlando, Mina said at a news conference. He said Loyd resisted arrest and had some facial injuries that were being treated. Mina denied rumors that the arrest was the result of an anonymous tip, saying that Loyd was captured by the tireless efforts of law enforcement. "They've basically been living in their vehicles, using the bathroom in their vehicles, to try and do everything they could to bring justice for the Dixon family and for the Clayton family," Mina said. Before the officer's shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. Clayton had been tipped off that he was in the area while she was at the store and was shot when she approached Loyd, who then fled. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said at the news conference that the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. "I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point," Demings said. "They will sleep better knowing tonight that... this maniac is off the streets." Demings said Loyd would be charged with two counts of first-degree murder in Dixon's death last month. Loyd will also face one count of attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault with a firearm related to the shooting of Dixon's brother and threats against other relatives. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd's ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn't know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to associates of his. "Anyone who harbored, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him," Mina said. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. SIGN IN SUBSCRIBE Search Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People The 25 Best Inventions of 2015 Future of Giving Global Trade Know Right Now Next Generation Leaders Person of the Year 2015 Top 10 Everything of 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service Follow TIME SHARE Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
More Sites Times News Legals Games Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Business Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Business Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested The Christmas Box Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Signup Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Business Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US Associated Press • Jan 17, 2017 at 6:33 PM NEW YORK — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” and took credit for bringing jobs “back into the U.S.” However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn’t have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Walmart Says It Will Add 10,000 Jobs This Year 1/18/2017 1:23 AM ET Retail giant Walmart, the nation's largest private employer with nearly 1.5 million associates in the U.S., on Tuesday announced the addition of 10,000 retail jobs this year. While discussing 2017 goals for American job growth and community investment, the company said it plans $6.8 billion of capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year beginning February 1. With this, the firm will construct and remodel stores, clubs and distribution centers, as well as expand new services such as Online Grocery Pickup. The investments in the new year will support an estimated 34,000 jobs. The new retail jobs are created through the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam's Club facilities as well as e-commerce services. Further, the opening of these facilities, plus the remodeling and improvement of existing U.S. facilities, also support an estimated 24,000 construction jobs. The company also said it will open 160 new training Academies around the country, bringing the total number of Academies to 200, and will provide specialty training for more than 225,000 of the company's frontline associates. Walmart and the Walmart Foundation, along with The U.S. Conference of Mayors, also announced $3 million in grants through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund. This would advance sustainability and innovation in textile manufacturing. Under the initiative, Walmart works with suppliers to help them gain access to the retailer's shelves in stores and online. In the coming year, the program will continue to provide job-creating opportunities, the company noted. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The World's 10 Most Productive Nations, Ranked Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February In Memorium: Business Giants We Lost In 2016 More Top Stories Trump Signs Order Instituting "Extreme Vetting" Of Immigrants Stocks Close Roughly Flat For Second Straight Day - U.S. Commentary Abercrombie & Fitch Issues 150 Pink Slips Trump Discusses Mexico, Russia, Brexit In News Conference With May Trump To Speak With Putin By Phone On Saturday Feds Claim Breathometer Made False Claims About Accuracy Trump Expresses Support For "Nuclear Option" Over Supreme Court Nominee Stocks Continue To Lack Direction In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary Stocks Continue To Experience Choppy Trading - U.S. Commentary Report: Wet Seal Will Go Extinct Trump Accuses Mexico Of Taking Advantage Of U.S. Study Shows How Jet Lag Affects Baseball Teams McDonald's Sells All Of Its Nordic Restaurants U.S. Consumer Sentiment Reaches Thirteen-Year High In January Tim Hortons Coming To Mexico <<Previous        103 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Wal-Mart Reportedly Plans To Cut 200 E-Commerce Jobs In California Walmart Rebounding After Announcing U.S. Job Growth Goals Walmart Plans $6.8 Bln Of Capital Investments In U.S.; To Create 34,000 Jobs Wal-Mart Reportedly To Cut Hundreds Of Jobs This Month Wal-Mart Appoints John Furner To Succeed Rosalind Brewer As CEO Of Sam's Club Trade WMT now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed McDonald's Sells All Of Its Nordic Restaurants Tim Hortons Coming To Mexico Chevron Turns To Profit In Q4, But Results Miss Estimates Air Products Sees Q2, FY17 Adj. EPS Below Market View; Says Cautious On Outlook Tesco To Buy Food Wholesaler Booker In £3.7 Bln Cash, Stock Deal; Stock Up UBS Stock Dips On Lower Q4 Net Profit; Maintains Dividend Microsoft Q2 Profit Tops Street On Cloud Growth Alphabet Q4 Profit Misses Street Ford GT Will Be The Company's Fastest Car Ever Predictions, Gainers, Losers Ford Q4 Adj. Profit Misses Estimates Caterpillar Q4 Loss Widens; Cuts FY17 Outlook Brookfield Canada Office Properties Forms Special Committee To Evaluate Offer Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February Yahoo Reportedly Faces SEC Probe Over Data Hacking Gainers & Losers Of The Day: GNVC, NVIV, CLRB. AQB, BIOA... Elon Musk: Tesla Hardware Revisions Coming On Regular Basis Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, MRNS, BIOA, APTO, PULM... IMGN Marches Forward, FDA Nod For ZLTQ, Knight Lends Shine To PLX Skittles Spill On Highway, Were Destined For Cattle Feed Freshii Planning Sweeter IPO HP Announces Huge Battery Recall For Overheating Risk Sea Lice Leads To Spike In Salmon Prices Huawei Watch 2 Rumors Heating Up Minerals Technologies Names Matthew Garth CFO SAP Raises Outlook As Q4 Profit Climbs Alibaba Group Holding Ltd Announces 26% Fall In Q3 Earnings Sea Lice Leads To Spike In Salmon Prices Bob Evans Farms Announces Sale Of Bob Evans Restaurants; To Focus On BEF Foods HP Expands Recall Of Laptop Batteries Due To Fire Hazard LG Electronics FY16 Net Profit, Sales Down; Operating Income Rises United Rentals To Acquire NES Rentals For Approx. $965 Mln - Quick Facts Royal Caribbean Cruises Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates Heinz Gives Salaried Workers Off The Day After Super Bowl Apple Files $1 Bln Lawsuit Against Qualcomm 500.com Announces Changes To Board; Chairman Man San Law Steps Down Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Handmade red hats raise awareness for heart health The long, slow effort to get a 350,000 pound GE turbine from N.Y. scientist co-invents better Zika test After 10 years, N.Greenbush 4 & 43 project to begin News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories March for Life groups rejoice in new leadership Human cells grown in pigs embryos Pixel phone selling too well? Photos: What lies beneath Empire State Plaza Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories UAlbany basketball set for road game at Hartford Woods fails to make cut in return NYSPHSAA implements pitch counts for high school baseball Westbrook fires a 45 Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Businessman accused of attacking Muslim 2 charged with tickets scam State taxpayers kick in $500k to support Beech-Nut demolition Small drops, slow day Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Good things to do for the week ahead People on the news: Spencer gets a pudding pot Arts Talk: News in brief 24 things to do this weekend Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Sipping: Wine pick of the week Where to get a cup of coffee in the Capital Region Second Helpings: Mini restaurant reviews Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives CHS Lady Blue Devils B-Ball face Shaker @ home & EGB wknd N.Y. scientist co-invents better Zika test UUP: Repeal of ACA would be ‘perfect storm’ for SUNY Faso to GOP colleagues: Don’t defund Planned Parenthood in TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ ShopRite coming to N. Greenbush Van Rensselaer Square Letter: Small businesses boost economy in Adirondacks Amid the marching multitudes Rex Smith: When what's said simply isn't true Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog From hard-luck experience an app for renters was borne LA's latest growth spurt hits $250 million High & Low House of the Week: Brick Colonial in Albany Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings ShopRite dollar doubler coupons in today’s Times Union What to buy in February Price Chopper: Free Muuna Cottage Cheese and Chobani drink with Grab a free $5 VUDU movie streaming credit (all new and existing MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Wal-Mart-says-it-will-add-about-10-000-jobs-in-10864404.php Wal-Mart says it will add about 10,000 jobs in U.S. Expansions, new sites, e-commerce services expected to push hiring Associated Press Published 11:55 pm, Tuesday, January 17, 2017 Photo: Jae C. Hong Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) ORG XMIT: NYAG203 less FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and ... more Photo: Jae C. Hong Wal-Mart says it will add about 10,000 jobs in U.S. 1 / 1 Back to Gallery New York Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday's announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. "Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape," said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and add thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for "starting the big push back in the U.S." and took credit for bringing jobs "back into the U.S." However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn't have moved elsewhere anyway. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Jos. A. Bank Clearance: Extra 50% off + free shipping Jos. A. BankPosted 15 hr 20 min ago SHOP NOW Sur La Table Clearance Sale: Up to 75% off + free shipping w/ $59 Sur La TablePosted 10 hr 32 min ago SHOP NOW Thinklux 60W-Equivalent LED Light Bulb 6-Pack for $12 + free... No store for this deal.Posted 1 day 16 hr ago SHOP NOW Art3d 12x12" Peel and Stick Backsplash for $5 + free shipping WalmartPosted 14 hr 51 min ago Most Popular 1 Alberto Martinez, soldier acquitted of killing superiors, dies 2 Traffic Alert: GE, State Police moving massive turbine Friday 3 State Police: Drunken driver flips car, injures passenger in... 4 Weapon threat at Rensselaer County school prompts scare 5 House of the Week: Brick Colonial in Albany 6 Photos: What lies beneath Empire State Plaza 7 A.M. Roundup: Pushback on Trump’s immigration plans View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Skip to content Home Subscribe Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires Breitbart London Breitbart Jerusalem Breitbart Texas Breitbart California STORE Facebook Twitter RSS SHOP NOW > Walmart to Create 10,000 Retail Jobs, 24,000 Construction Jobs by Katherine Rodriguez17 Jan 20170 17 Jan, 2017 17 Jan, 2017 SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Walmart announced Tuesday it would be creating 10,000 jobs in the United States this year, a number that’s on par with the amount of jobs the store has created in previous years, as President-elect Donald Trump puts pressure on companies to create more jobs in the U.S. The new jobs will be retail jobs for Walmart’s 59 new stores planned for the next fiscal year that starts in February or e-commerce jobs, but there will also be 24,000 new construction jobs created in order to build the new stores, Reuters reports. SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Walmart said the number of new jobs is about the same as previous years, and is part of $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. for the new fiscal year which starts Feb. 1. The investments also include construction and remodeling of stores and distribution centers as well as expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup, KWTV reported. “Our 2017 plans to grow our business … will have a meaningful impact on the country,” Executive Vice President Dan Bartlett said in a statement. Walmart also said it would open 160 training academies around the country, adding to the 40 that already exist. The company aims to provide up to six weeks of specialty training to 225,000 workers, the company said. Walmart’s job announcement comes after the store had to close 154 poor-performing U.S. stores and slash 10,000 jobs in January 2016, USA Today reports. Read More Stories About: Big Government, Economics, Pre-Viral, construction, Executive Vice President Dan Bartlett, Jobs, President-elect Donald Trump, Retail, Stores, training academies, Walmart Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page. BREITBART CONNECT Sign Up For Our Newsletter Inauguration Weekend! What Trump Means Douglas Carswell Karl Malone MOST POPULAR VP Pence at March for Life: Supreme Court Nominee Will Uphold God-Given Constitutional Liberties0 comments - 5 hours ago March for Life 2017: Photos from Washington, DC’s Pro-Life Rally0 comments - 7 hours ago Watch Live: March for Life Rally in Washington, DC0 comments - 12 hours ago #CalExit: State Approves ‘California Nation’ to Collect Signatures0 comments - 13 hours ago Scarborough to Bannon: ‘Taking on the Press Like That — It Always Ends Badly’0 comments - 10 hours ago Hillary Clinton Received Over 800,000 Illegal Votes, Research Shows0 comments - 8 hours ago Steve Bannon Torches New York Times: ‘You Have No Power’0 comments - 1 day ago Report: NBC Cutting Third Hour of Top-Rated ‘Today’ to Make Room for Megyn Kelly0 comments - 5 hours ago Trump doubles down in Mexico feud0 comments - 11 hours ago Trump Moving to Take Bids on Building the ‘Wall’0 comments - 1 day ago FROM THE HOMEPAGE Zuckerberg Hits Trump’s Immigration Policies, Says America Must ‘Keep Door Open to Refugees’ 0 Comments Trump: Christian Refugees ‘Horribly Treated,’ ‘We Are Going to Help Them’ 0 Comments Trump Hopes to Slash EPA Staff, Carbon Footprint by 50% 0 Comments Trump Signs Order to Rebuild Military After Mattis Takes Oath of Office 0 Comments NAACP Vows to Oppose Trump’s Voter Fraud Investigation 0 Comments Report: NBC Cutting Third Hour of Top-Rated ‘Today’ to Make Room for Megyn Kelly 0 Comments Pence Joins Washington’s March for Life 0 Comments Trump and Peña Nieto Agree to Not Publicly Discuss Wall Payment 0 Comments Exclusive — Pro-Life NFL Star Ben Watson: Time for ‘Men to Step Up, Protect Women’ from Abortion 0 Comments March for Life 2017: Photos from Washington, DC’s Pro-Life Rally 0 Comments Kellyanne Conway Addresses March For Life Crowd: ‘This Is a New Day, a New Dawn for Life’ 0 Comments SEIU Union Tries to Block Trump’s Pick For the Labor Department 0 Comments ‘Hundreds’ to Protest at Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s Walled Hawaiian Estate 0 Comments Boeing Suits Up for Future of Spaceflight with New Spacesuit Design 0 Comments Final Death Toll for Italy Avalanche Reaches 29 0 Comments One Year of Water in Orange County in Just Four Days 0 Comments YouTube Disables MILO Livestream Hours Before Immigration Speech in New Mexico 0 Comments Philly Archbishop: Cult of Abortion Is ‘Subtle Genocide Posing as Rights’ 0 Comments VP Pence at March for Life: Supreme Court Nominee Will Uphold God-Given Constitutional Liberties 0 Comments Send A Tip Send A Tip Copyright © 2017 Breitbart Advertise With Us EXPLORE BREITBART Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires London Jerusalem Texas California The Conversation Privacy Policy Terms of Use Breitbart Jobs Connect Facebook Twitter RSS Send us a tip SUBSCRIBE TO THE BREITBART NEWSLETTERSwitch to Full Site Copyright © 2017 Breitbart
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Friday, Jan 27, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Retail Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club job locations ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on Jan. 17, 2017 | Updated 11:52 a. m. Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said today that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. A worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Walmart store in La Habra, Calif. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Today’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. It said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced today that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Related Items Wal-Mart Stores Inc , Macy's Inc , Donald Trump Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening Straight Talk for Teens TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Menu Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Growth Companies Human Capital & Careers Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Sign InSign Up Search for: CFO Conferences Webcasts Research White Papers Jobs Training Newsletters Magazine Search for: How CFOs Can Budget to Boost Cybersecurity Cybersecurity is no longer seen as a technology… Don’t Count on ACA Repeal Anytime Soon Republicans may not be able to quickly dismantle… Will Automation Take Over Senior Finance Jobs? Some finance executives think their positions… Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Risk & Compliance Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Strategy Technology Hiring Trump Praises Wal-Mart, GM for U.S. Job Moves The retailer and automaker join a parade of U.S. companies that have been touting their commitment to domestic job creation. Matthew Heller January 17, 2017 | CFO.com | US share Tweet Email Print - Print + Email this article To* Please enter your email address* Subject* Comments* Wal-Mart and General Motors won the blessing of President-elect Donald Trump after they announced plans to add jobs in the U.S. Whether the announcements really amounted to anything new is debatable and the additional jobs represent only a small increase in the companies’ total U.S. workforces. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced $1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 U.S. jobs. Recommended Stories: Innovative Office Spaces Attract Millennials Amazon to Increase U.S. Workforce by 50% Recruiting for Next-Generation Finance Skills But U.S. corporations have recently been eager to tout their commitment to creating domestic jobs, with Amazon, for example, announcing 100,000 positions nationwide last week. Wal-Mart’s move “comes as many companies fear being lashed by Trump,” Fortune noted. “The President-elect … has used Twitter to take to task U.S. companies that manufacture products abroad destined for the American market, or that have outsourced jobs.” Trump duly used Twitter on Tuesday to express his gratitude to Wal-Mart and GM. “Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!” he said in a tweet. As Reuters reports, Wal-Mart had announced a $6.8 billion capital spending plan in October. The additional 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 percent of its U.S. workforce, are part of that plan, with the vast majority of the positions being in Walmart and Sam’s Club stores. “With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs,” a Wal-Mart spokesman said in a news release. Wal-Mart last year cut 10,000 store jobs after closing its 154 Walmart Express stores, and some 7,000 back-office positions were also cut. But the company told The Wall Street Journal that overall headcount is rising. GM, meanwhile, said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories and shift some production from Mexico — moves that will create or retain 1,500 jobs. Company officials said the announcement reflected existing plans, not new decisions. Post navigation ← RAND Corp. Taps Nonprofit Veteran as Finance Chief Morgan Stanley Profit Almost Doubles to $1.6B → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertisement Popular Articles In Tech, Return Measures are Better than Margins The Rising Risk of Being CFO Revenue Recognition: The Clock Is Ticking When Cost Cutting Gets Expensive Trump’s Corporate Tax Reforms: What CFOs Need to Know Why Is There Still Gender Pay Disparity? Advertisement   Topics Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Media Videos Whitepapers Research Blogs Magazine Events Conferences Webcasts Services Reprints Back Issues Mobile Widgets RSS About CFO About CFO Editorial Staff Press Advertise FAQ Contact Us Want the Magazine? Relax and unplug with our award-winning coverage. Subscribe Now Follow Us
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Fed's Williams says fiscal stimulus could spur faster U.S. growth Sterling basks in glow of May's Brexit speech; global stocks slip Business Standard General Motors says to invest additional $1 billion in U.S Reuters  |  WASHINGTON  January 18, 2017 Last Updated at 05:39 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USeoR3 ALSO READ General Motors says to invest additional $1 billion in U.S. Trump attacks GM over Chevy Cruze production, threatens tax Trump threatens "big border tax" on GM over Chevy Cruze production Trump assails GM over car production in Mexico, threatens tax By David Shepardson WASHINGTON (Reuters) - General Motors Co on Tuesday confirmed it will invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories in 2017 and will move some parts production from Mexico to the United States that was previously handled by a supplier. The investments are in addition to the $2.9 billion the automaker announced last year, GM said. (http://bit.ly/2iJ9xw0) GM and other automakers have been sharply criticized by Republican U.S. President-elect Donald Trump for building vehicles in Mexico that are imported into the United States. Trump will be sworn in on Friday. GM said the $1 billion investment will create or retain 1,500 jobs. The Detroit automaker said details of individual projects will be announced throughout the year. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.," Trump tweeted, referring as well to Wal-Mart Stores Inc's announcement that it will hire 10,000 U.S. workers in 2017 as part of a plan previously announced by the discount retailer. GM also said it will begin work on bringing axle production for its next generation of full-size pickup trucks, including work previously done in Mexico, to operations in Michigan, creating 450 U.S. jobs. The part was previously built by American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc . American Axle did not immediately respond to a request for comment. GM spokeswoman Joanne Krell said the automaker planned to add 7,000 new U.S. jobs over the next two to three years. Krell said the decisions being announced "had been in the works for some time" but she added "the timing was good for us to share what we are doing." The 7,000 figure includes the 450 jobs on axle production, 1,500 jobs tied to the $1 billion announcement and more than 5,000 new jobs tied to engineering, GM Financial and advanced technology. GM in 2014 announced it was investing $5 billion in Mexico and doubling production capacity by 2018. GM said last week it had no plans to cancel Mexican investments despite Trump pressure. GM said it had added about 6,000 U.S. jobs, consisting of 4,000 hourly and 2,000 salaried positions, since the end of 2015 for a total American workforce of 103,000. Since GM's bankruptcy restructuring in 2009, when it had 77,000 U.S. employees, it has added more than 25,000 jobs as it boosted production, acquired an auto finance company and brought information technology work in house. The United Auto Workers union said GM's new investments "have emerged as a result of the 2015" contract with the union. GM shares slightly rose in midday trading, up 0.6 percent, or $0.23 per share, to $37.57. 'BIG STUFF' Trump, who made bringing back manufacturing to the United States a large part of his successful election campaign, has been touting recent automaker investments in the United States. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff," Trump said in a pair of tweets. Trump has been inaccurate in describing some U.S. auto investments, wrongly saying last week that Fiat Chrysler was planning to build a new factory in the United States. The company announced it is investing $1 billion in two existing plants, adding 2,000 jobs. On Jan. 3, Trump threatened to impose a "big border tax" on GM for making some of its Chevrolet Cruze compacts in Mexico - and he has extended that threat to German automakers like BMW AG and Toyota Motor Corp <7203.T> over building vehicles abroad. Separately, Hyundai Motor Group said Tuesday in South Korea that it plans to boost U.S. investment by 50 percent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant in the United States. Hyundai Motor Co <005380.KS> and Kia Motors Corp <000270.KS>, which make up the Hyundai Motor Group, have not been directly criticized by Trump but they may have felt vulnerable because among major brands, they have one of the lowest ratios of cars built in the United States to cars sold. GM also said an unnamed supplier has committed to make components for GM's next-generation full-size pickup trucks in Michigan, moving 100 supplier jobs from Mexico to the United States. But even as GM invests in U.S. plants, it has also been making job cuts. In recent months, the company announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories. It said in November it would cut about 2,000 jobs when it ends the third shift at its Lordstown, Ohio, and Lansing, Michigan, plants in January. Last month, it said it planned to cancel the second shift and cut nearly 1,300 jobs from its Detroit-Hamtramck assembly plant in March. GM's "general plan is to build where we sell, and we're focused on what we're doing in the United States," Chief Executive Mary Barra said in an interview with Reuters on Monday. Barra, who said she planned to attend Trump's inauguration, said GM wants to work with him, adding, "I do believe we have more in common than we have areas that we aren't aligned." (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Frances Kerry and Jonathan Oatis) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Gm | Jobs | Trump | General Motors | Washington PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? General Motors says to invest additional $1 billion in U.S WASHINGTON (Reuters) - General Motors Co on Tuesday confirmed it will invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories in 2017 and will move some parts production from Mexico to the United States that was previously handled by a supplier. By David Shepardson WASHINGTON (Reuters) - General Motors Co on Tuesday confirmed it will invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories in 2017 and will move some parts production from Mexico to the United States that was previously handled by a supplier. The investments are in addition to the $2.9 billion the automaker announced last year, GM said. (http://bit.ly/2iJ9xw0) GM and other automakers have been sharply criticized by Republican U.S. President-elect Donald Trump for building vehicles in Mexico that are imported into the United States. Trump will be sworn in on Friday. GM said the $1 billion investment will create or retain 1,500 jobs. The Detroit automaker said details of individual projects will be announced throughout the year. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.," Trump tweeted, referring as well to Wal-Mart Stores Inc's announcement that it will hire 10,000 U.S. workers in 2017 as part of a plan previously announced by the discount retailer. GM also said it will begin work on bringing axle production for its next generation of full-size pickup trucks, including work previously done in Mexico, to operations in Michigan, creating 450 U.S. jobs. The part was previously built by American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc . American Axle did not immediately respond to a request for comment. GM spokeswoman Joanne Krell said the automaker planned to add 7,000 new U.S. jobs over the next two to three years. Krell said the decisions being announced "had been in the works for some time" but she added "the timing was good for us to share what we are doing." The 7,000 figure includes the 450 jobs on axle production, 1,500 jobs tied to the $1 billion announcement and more than 5,000 new jobs tied to engineering, GM Financial and advanced technology. GM in 2014 announced it was investing $5 billion in Mexico and doubling production capacity by 2018. GM said last week it had no plans to cancel Mexican investments despite Trump pressure. GM said it had added about 6,000 U.S. jobs, consisting of 4,000 hourly and 2,000 salaried positions, since the end of 2015 for a total American workforce of 103,000. Since GM's bankruptcy restructuring in 2009, when it had 77,000 U.S. employees, it has added more than 25,000 jobs as it boosted production, acquired an auto finance company and brought information technology work in house. The United Auto Workers union said GM's new investments "have emerged as a result of the 2015" contract with the union. GM shares slightly rose in midday trading, up 0.6 percent, or $0.23 per share, to $37.57. 'BIG STUFF' Trump, who made bringing back manufacturing to the United States a large part of his successful election campaign, has been touting recent automaker investments in the United States. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff," Trump said in a pair of tweets. Trump has been inaccurate in describing some U.S. auto investments, wrongly saying last week that Fiat Chrysler was planning to build a new factory in the United States. The company announced it is investing $1 billion in two existing plants, adding 2,000 jobs. On Jan. 3, Trump threatened to impose a "big border tax" on GM for making some of its Chevrolet Cruze compacts in Mexico - and he has extended that threat to German automakers like BMW AG and Toyota Motor Corp <7203.T> over building vehicles abroad. Separately, Hyundai Motor Group said Tuesday in South Korea that it plans to boost U.S. investment by 50 percent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant in the United States. Hyundai Motor Co <005380.KS> and Kia Motors Corp <000270.KS>, which make up the Hyundai Motor Group, have not been directly criticized by Trump but they may have felt vulnerable because among major brands, they have one of the lowest ratios of cars built in the United States to cars sold. GM also said an unnamed supplier has committed to make components for GM's next-generation full-size pickup trucks in Michigan, moving 100 supplier jobs from Mexico to the United States. But even as GM invests in U.S. plants, it has also been making job cuts. In recent months, the company announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories. It said in November it would cut about 2,000 jobs when it ends the third shift at its Lordstown, Ohio, and Lansing, Michigan, plants in January. Last month, it said it planned to cancel the second shift and cut nearly 1,300 jobs from its Detroit-Hamtramck assembly plant in March. GM's "general plan is to build where we sell, and we're focused on what we're doing in the United States," Chief Executive Mary Barra said in an interview with Reuters on Monday. Barra, who said she planned to attend Trump's inauguration, said GM wants to work with him, adding, "I do believe we have more in common than we have areas that we aren't aligned." (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Frances Kerry and Jonathan Oatis) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 General Motors says to invest additional $1 billion in U.S By David Shepardson WASHINGTON (Reuters) - General Motors Co on Tuesday confirmed it will invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories in 2017 and will move some parts production from Mexico to the United States that was previously handled by a supplier. The investments are in addition to the $2.9 billion the automaker announced last year, GM said. (http://bit.ly/2iJ9xw0) GM and other automakers have been sharply criticized by Republican U.S. President-elect Donald Trump for building vehicles in Mexico that are imported into the United States. Trump will be sworn in on Friday. GM said the $1 billion investment will create or retain 1,500 jobs. The Detroit automaker said details of individual projects will be announced throughout the year. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.," Trump tweeted, referring as well to Wal-Mart Stores Inc's announcement that it will hire 10,000 U.S. workers in 2017 as part of a plan previously announced by the discount retailer. GM also said it will begin work on bringing axle production for its next generation of full-size pickup trucks, including work previously done in Mexico, to operations in Michigan, creating 450 U.S. jobs. The part was previously built by American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc . American Axle did not immediately respond to a request for comment. GM spokeswoman Joanne Krell said the automaker planned to add 7,000 new U.S. jobs over the next two to three years. Krell said the decisions being announced "had been in the works for some time" but she added "the timing was good for us to share what we are doing." The 7,000 figure includes the 450 jobs on axle production, 1,500 jobs tied to the $1 billion announcement and more than 5,000 new jobs tied to engineering, GM Financial and advanced technology. GM in 2014 announced it was investing $5 billion in Mexico and doubling production capacity by 2018. GM said last week it had no plans to cancel Mexican investments despite Trump pressure. GM said it had added about 6,000 U.S. jobs, consisting of 4,000 hourly and 2,000 salaried positions, since the end of 2015 for a total American workforce of 103,000. Since GM's bankruptcy restructuring in 2009, when it had 77,000 U.S. employees, it has added more than 25,000 jobs as it boosted production, acquired an auto finance company and brought information technology work in house. The United Auto Workers union said GM's new investments "have emerged as a result of the 2015" contract with the union. GM shares slightly rose in midday trading, up 0.6 percent, or $0.23 per share, to $37.57. 'BIG STUFF' Trump, who made bringing back manufacturing to the United States a large part of his successful election campaign, has been touting recent automaker investments in the United States. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff," Trump said in a pair of tweets. Trump has been inaccurate in describing some U.S. auto investments, wrongly saying last week that Fiat Chrysler was planning to build a new factory in the United States. The company announced it is investing $1 billion in two existing plants, adding 2,000 jobs. On Jan. 3, Trump threatened to impose a "big border tax" on GM for making some of its Chevrolet Cruze compacts in Mexico - and he has extended that threat to German automakers like BMW AG and Toyota Motor Corp <7203.T> over building vehicles abroad. Separately, Hyundai Motor Group said Tuesday in South Korea that it plans to boost U.S. investment by 50 percent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant in the United States. Hyundai Motor Co <005380.KS> and Kia Motors Corp <000270.KS>, which make up the Hyundai Motor Group, have not been directly criticized by Trump but they may have felt vulnerable because among major brands, they have one of the lowest ratios of cars built in the United States to cars sold. GM also said an unnamed supplier has committed to make components for GM's next-generation full-size pickup trucks in Michigan, moving 100 supplier jobs from Mexico to the United States. But even as GM invests in U.S. plants, it has also been making job cuts. In recent months, the company announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories. It said in November it would cut about 2,000 jobs when it ends the third shift at its Lordstown, Ohio, and Lansing, Michigan, plants in January. Last month, it said it planned to cancel the second shift and cut nearly 1,300 jobs from its Detroit-Hamtramck assembly plant in March. GM's "general plan is to build where we sell, and we're focused on what we're doing in the United States," Chief Executive Mary Barra said in an interview with Reuters on Monday. Barra, who said she planned to attend Trump's inauguration, said GM wants to work with him, adding, "I do believe we have more in common than we have areas that we aren't aligned." (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Frances Kerry and Jonathan Oatis) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Temp: 57° NEWS Seen On 13 Brevard Flagler Lake Marion Orange Osceola Seminole Sumter Volusia State National Health Space Español WEATHER StormTracker 13 Radar Weather Photos Forecast Marine Travel Sky 13 Cameras Tropical Hurricane Center Weather Experts Blog TRAFFIC Traffic News Gas Tracker Traffic Inbox Traffic Cams I-4 Ultimate SPORTS TV Schedule Scores & Schedules High School In the Community College Pro Outdoors Contact Sports Video ON THE TOWN Entertainment News Food and Dining Travel Attractions COMMUNITY Special Events Community Calendar Education Project Weather Everyday Hero Good News POLITICS Florida Decides Political Connections Inauguration D.C. Digest BUSINESS Your Job Your Transportation Technology Consumer Wise Economy Extra on the Web CES 2017 LOTTO VIDEO NEWS TRENDING: Deputy accused of stealing money | 'Ad Astra Per Aspera' exhibit | Rolex 24 COLD SNAP ON THE WAY: Get the News 13+ app for hour-by-hour temperature conditions BIG EVENTS THIS WEEKEND: Manatee Festival | Zora! Festival of the Arts | NFL Pro Bowl Walmart market's closure leaves St. Pete with one less option This Walmart Neighborhood Market in St. Petersburg used to be a Sweetbay grocery store. It will close its doors in March. (Bay News 9) By Saundra Weathers, Reporter Last Updated: Wednesday, January 18, 2017, 1:31 PM EST ST. PETERSBURG --  A local Walmart is closing its doors in St. Petersburg and it’s not the first big grocery chain closure at this location. Walmart Neighborhood Market on 22nd Street South closing March 4 Store opened in 2014, replacing Sweetbay grocery store 75 employees displaced, residents left without grocery store In a statement Tuesday it was announced the Walmart Neighborhood Market on 22nd Street South and 18th Avenue South will be closing down. The store will close on March 4. The pharmacy will close Feb. 1. The Walmart opened in 2014. It replaced a Sweetbay grocery store after that chain of stores closed. Now the 75 employees will either transfer to another Walmart location or find someplace else to work. Walmart released a statement Tuesday, citing a number of factors for the closure, including financial performance. The company also offered the 75 current employees who can't or don't want to transfer resume and application training.  This closure is also bad news for people like Curtis Williams, who catches to the bus to the store to shop once a week. “We need a store here right in the neighborhood for people who don’t have transportation. I don’t have a car. I’m sitting here now waiting on the bus. I’ve got my bag full of groceries right here,” Williams said. Like Williams, many others depend on the location. Temeika Reynolds said she takes the bus the store at least a couple times a week. “It’s real convenient, especially for a lot of people who don’t have transportation to get to the further out Walmart. It was very convenient,” she said.  St. Petersburg Councilmember Karl Nurse represents this area, and he said he doesn’t think all things were considered with this closure. “It’s a kick in the teeth,” Nurse said. “Part of what makes it so difficult is that national stores are just looking at numbers and they may know nothing about the community, they may nothing about what’s coming down the pike. It’s just, here’s our weakest stores. Here’s the line. They’re closing.” Nurse said a solution may take months or a even a year. No matter the timeline, he says he’s hoping there’s a solution that helps this community. latest news: pinellas county 2nd reduced sentencing hearing today for Nick Lindsey Motorcyclist killed in early morning crash in Clearwater Pinellas pelicans released following mysterious illness St. Pete woman accused of throwing tampon at police 'Fight for $15' protest against Trump's labor pick in St. Pete Rehabilitated pelicans to be released back into wild PCSO: Critically injured man ran into traffic, beat on hoods of cars Man dies after fleeing from deputy, running into traffic Former St. Pete mayoral candidate arrested for felony elder abuse StormTracker 13 Radar Learn more  |  BHTV for iOS  |  BHTV for Android  |  BHTV for Kindle Fire  |  PC/Laptop Get the News 13+ App Download the News 13+ app for the latest News, Weather and Real Time Traffic at your fingertips. LIVE interactive Stormtracker 13 radar Custom Safety Net storm alerts LIVE interactive Real Time Traffic Upload pictures to News 13 from the app Community Calendar Find out what's happening in your neighborhood and submit your event now! All Events Brevard County Flagler County Lake County Marion County Orange County Osceola County Seminole County Sumter County Volusia County Breaking News Alerts Get instant Breaking News, Weather & Traffic alerts delivered directly to your cell phone or email with News 13 NOW. It's easy to sign up! &amp;amp;amp;nbsp; Nominate an Everyday Hero Every Monday, News 13 salutes an Everyday Hero making a positive difference in Central Florida. Do you know someone who should be an Everyday Hero? Let us know! Project Weather Weather can be mysterious, exciting and sometimes dangerous. That's why News 13 created Project Weather to help provide kids with the information they need to stay safe. Project Weather is made up of interactive educational resources to help prepare students for the future. News 13 Partners Stay In Touch Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to our Feeds Service Tools Breaking News Alerts Severe Weather Alerts News 13 App Center News 13 Watch Live Spectrum Email Make Us Your Home Page Marketplace Advertise with Us Your Neighborhood Partners Bay News 9 Spectrum Sports Charter Communications InfoMás Orlando Business Journal CNN.com About Us Contact Us Jobs Our People Awards Crime Guidelines Studio Tour Seen on 13 Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. ©2017 Charter Communications. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Bright House Networks' parent, Charter Communications Operating, LLC.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  BREAKING NEWS: Double Oscar nominated actor John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer and suffering an intestinal complaint Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to terrorists, end ALL refugee resettlement for 120 days, and freeze Syrians out indefinitely Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned her down and threatened to kill her while he was having oxycodone withdrawal 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass' question listing his policies she claimed worried Britons KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in. Now I can't wait for the return visit - let the hating commence!  Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Team Trump makes embarrassing gaffe by spelling British Prime Minister's name 'Teresa' THREE TIMES in press release Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the President still has his personal handset David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite I believe in torture - but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding and insists he'll let 'general's general' override him Trump orders a 'great rebuilding' of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to smash ISIS - and says Mattis will lead the Pentagon 'brilliantly' What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and reveals he's meeting the Queen (let's just hope he keeps his hands to himself that day) Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left empty - because the White House hasn't sent out his photo 'You are selfish and spineless': Daughter of disgraced Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich hits out at Obama for refusing to pardon her father Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still likes his call sign Chaos) As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime Minister's cheeks, asks QUENTIN LETTS HOLY GUACOMOLE! Mexican minister stokes fears that Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados and Corona beer after presidents suggests 20 percent import tax Trump fires latest shot in Mexico standoff by saying southern neighbor has 'taken advantage' of U.S. - then holds hour-long phone call with Mexican president Trump doubles down on claim '3 million votes were illegal' as Pence promises Republican lawmakers 'a full evaluation'  Staff at Mar-a-Lago are being inundated with angry callers venting their rage against Trump  First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obamas... unlike Barack, George and Bill did with their wives? 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after she warns Donald Trump about forging close relationship with Moscow Previous Next Captured alive: Bloodied Orlando 'cop killer' who 'murdered' veteran female officer at a Walmart is arrested after a week on the run - and then paraded covered in BANDAGES after struggle with cops  Police have arrested Markeith Loyd, 41, who allegedly fatally shot an officer Officer Debra Clayton was killed January 9 outside a Walmart Police chief Mina said they arrested Loyd using Clayton's handcuffs  Loyd was previously sought for the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend   By Anna Hopkins For Dailymail.com Published: 20:14 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 08:05 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail 3.5k shares 350 View comments Video of a bloodied suspect wanted in the murder of an Orlando police officer has emerged as he was apprehended after a nine-day manhunt on Tuesday evening.  The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a laborious search that began with the January 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Walmart store. Loyd was wanted in connection to the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and shot dead Lt. Clayton when she spotted and approached him. Another officer, Deputy Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle accident when he joined in the manhunt for Loyd. Local television stations showed Loyd with a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters, as he told a crowd that authorities had 'beat him up'. Police Chief John Mina tweeted confirmation of the arrest, stating: 'Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs.'  Scroll down for video Minor scuffle: Loyd was seen being escorted out of the Orlando Police Department extremely bloodied, with bandages covered his eyes, head, and left cheek Killed in the line of duty: Lieutenant Debra Clayton, a 17 year veteran of the Orlando Police Department, was shot and killed outside a Wal-Mart in Orlando on January 9 - Markeith Loyd, left, has been arrested for her murder Loyd was seen being escorted out of the Orlando Police Department extremely bloodied, with bandages covered his eyes, head, and left cheek. Orlando Fire & Paramedics were seen leaving police headquarters shortly after Loyd was brought in with head injuries following his arrest.  Law enforcement said that authorities surrounded a house at 1157 Lescot Lane in Metro West Orlando and ordered Loyd to surrender Tuesday just before 7pm, according to Click Orlando.  Bloodied and bruised: Orlando Fire & Paramedics were seen leaving police headquarters shortly after Loyd was brought in with head injuries following his arrest Battered: Video of Loyd being brought out of police headquarters has emerged  Justice: Police arrested Loyd using Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs, which is a tradition in the force  Loyd crawled out of the house protected with body armor and armed with two guns, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said during a news conference Tuesday night. He said Loyd initially attempted to flee from a back sliding glass door, but then came to the front and surrendered his firearms. One of the guns had a 100-round capacity, Chief Mina said.  Upset: Law enforcement said that authorities surrounded a house at 1157 Lescot Lane in Metro West Orlando and ordered Loyd to surrender Tuesday just before 7pm Last stand: Loyd crawled out of the house protected with body armor and armed with two guns, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said during a news conference Tuesday night Crying out: He said Loyd initially attempted to flee from a back sliding glass door, but then came to the front and surrendered his firearms Hold out: Officers ordered Loyd to surrender at this home in West Orlando around 7pm on Tuesday  Firepower: Police say Loyd was armed with these two weapons, one of which has a 100-round capacity, when he was apprehended Tuesday evening He continued: 'Debra Clayton risked her life for this community that she loved so dearly.  'To put her handcuffs on the bad guy that she was trying to catch when she was killed was significant and meaningful to her family, its meaningful to her OPD family as well.'  Video has emerged of police escorting Loyd to headquarters, in which the bloodied suspect can be heard saying that the officers 'beat him up'. In a press conference, Chief Mina discussed the emotional toll the nine-day manhunt took on his officers. 'It's been a rollercoaster of emotions throughout the week,' he said. 'Many of the officers I spoke with tonight actually broke down in tears because they felt that they were finally able to cry, and to weep, because it was over.' Before Clayton's shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend Sade Dixon last month. Death: Loyd, right, is pictured with his pregnant ex-girlfriend Sade Dixon, left, for which he was wanted in for murder  While at the store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he filed multiple shots at her. Clayton returned fire but didn't hit him. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy's SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff's office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff's office said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Casualty: A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt Wreckage: A boot lies on Pine Hills Road on Monday after Lewis, an 11-year veteran, was struck by a van while responding to the manhunt for Loyd Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Clayton, 42, was a 'committed' officer and 'a hero' who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. 'She was always the first to step up and help kids,' the chief said. Final salute: Police officers carry Lt Debra Clayton's casket on Saturday Tragedy: Lt Debra Clayton's family waits outside of First Baptist Church in Orlando A 17-year veteran of the force, Clayton supervised a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and previously worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. 'She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,' Rolon said. Hundreds attended Lt. Clayton and Deputy Lewis's funerals over the weekend. She was promoted to lieutenant posthumously at her funeral service by the Orlando Police Department Chief John Mina, according to the Orlando Sentinel.  Service: Debra Clayton was promoted to lieutenant posthumously at her funeral  Respect: Hundreds attended Debra Clayton's funeral at First Baptist Church in Orlando Deputy Lewis was posthumously awarded a Purple Heart. Sheriff Jerry Demings spoke at his funeral, and said through tears: 'Our beloved Norman Lewis now joins the ranks of more than 19,000 men and women who’ve paid the ultimate sacrifice.  'Norm died doing what he loved best – helping others,“ "As sheriff, I wish I had 1,500 deputy sheriffs like Norman,” he later added, according to Click Orlando.  Clayton had worked for the Orlando Police Department for 17 years, most recently as a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot.  Tradition: Flowers were placed on Debra Clayton's patrol vehicle  She previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer. Lt Debra Clayton was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse nightclub in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June's massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. She was married and has a college-aged son. Zarghee Mayan was arrested on Tuesday for assisting Loyd escape arrest One man has been arrested under suspicion of aiding Loyd evade arrest after killing Clayton. Zarghee Mayan was arrested on Tuesday for assisting Loyd escape arrest. Police believe he was with the man as recently as Saturday and was helping him hide from authorities after Dixon's murder. He told police Loyd had been wearing a bullet proof vest since his girlfriend's death.  Dixon, Loyd's girlfriend, posted a haunting Facebook live stream to her social media page before her death. In the video, the jokingly says to the camera that Loyd would kill her, because of his manic driving. She says: 'I'm not going to live past 25. I'm not going to make it. Not like this. I might as well pray every day and make sure I make it into heaven. 'I don't know what I was getting myself in to or what I signed up for.'  Share or comment on this article e-mail 3.5k shares Most watched News videos Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat Trump calls Islamic State 'sneaky, dirty rats' during Hannity interview Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border Settling in nicely! Ivanka Trump shares bedtime snap of baby... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● Comments (350) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor dies aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint  Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks amid sole custody battle after bombshell allegations about Thicke having an affair  Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Rod Stewart borrows style tips from UK TV's Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends      DON'T MISS 'It's easier when you're younger!' Audrina Patridge reveals why she wants to have three babies back-to-back with husband Corey Bohan Courtney Stodden flaunts her ample cleavage as she heads out for dinner with friends Attention-loving blonde, 22, was hard to miss 'It's how I'm wired': Emma Stone talks crippling anxiety which put her in therapy from age 7 as she reveals she dropped out of high school at 15 to act Gwyneth Paltrow the trendsetter wears bizarre wide leg trousers cropped to the ankle on breezy outing in LA  Goop queen  Nice ice! Mariah Carey continues to wear James Packer's engagement ring as she and boyfriend Brian Tanaka take her twins out for frozen yoghurt Bella Hadid parades around in skimpy black underwear for Dior make-up tutorial video The 20-year-old model flaunted her endless lean limbs Baywatch babe Kelly Rohrbach swaps her lifeguard suit for a skimpy bikini as she flaunts her buxom bust for new fashion campaign Natalie Portman cradles her bare baby bump in striking Vanity Fair image for magazine's Hollywood Issue Shot by Annie Leibovitz Pregnant Natalie Portman, Amy Adams, Lupita Nyong'o and Emma Stone among A-list actresses showcased in Vanity Fair's Hollywood Issue Iranian actress Taraneh Alidoosti, star of Oscar-nominated The Salesman, vows to boycott awards in protest at Trump's 'racist' visa ban EXCLUSIVE: Omarosa pushed Trump to hire black entertainers for inauguration but he didn't want to because 'black people didn't support me' Oprah coming to a fridge near you! Winfrey set to launch a line of ready-meals to help more people eat healthy after her 42 pound weight loss Nina Dobrev confirms she's returning to The Vampire Diaries for season finale as she shares snap of script for last episode Return of the star  'A lot of secrets are going to come out!': Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie documentary set to 'reveal reasons behind their divorce' To go inside the divorce 'I was scared to death!' Molly Sims describes going into labour with baby Grey after two C-sections Introduced the world to her third child  'Is this an opportunity for a three-way?' Dax Shepard jokes introducing Kristen Bell to her celebrity crush Riz Ahmed came off as X-rated proposition Madeleine Albright and Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik say they will register as Muslims in solidarity if Trump creates Islamic database   'I can't wait to sink my teeth into this!' Elton John to co-write musical version of The Devil Wears Prada bound for Broadway Wrote the Lion King  'It hurts... he was my first true love': Chrisley Knows Best star Savannah tearfully reveals split from boyfriend Opened up about split Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich look stunning as they stop by GMA to promote Resident Evil film in NYC Busy promoting the latest installment 'I love you with all my heart': Kim Richards pays tribute to late ex husband Monty Brinson on one year anniversary of his death Gone but not forgotten 'My first sexual encounter was abuse': Thandie Newton reveals she's had candid discussions with her daughters about her assault and racism  On the royal run! Prince Harry dons Lycra leggings as he takes to the streets of London for a jog with young homeless people on a charity visit  Does this prove there's a royal engagement on the way? Meghan Markle's Suits co-star hints she could be 'a future princess of England' Make-up free Calista Flockhart, 52, steps out in rainy Los Angeles to take her teenage son to the barber Took her 16-year-old boy to get his hair cut  Bowled over! Matthew McConaughey blows off some steam at LA bowling alley in between promoting his latest movie Gold Enjoyed some downtime Zayn Malik cuts a low-key figure as he steps out solo in New York... ahead of the video release of Fifty Shades Darker collaboration with Taylor Swift 'There's nothing wrong with a little sag': Kanye's video girl Teyana Taylor showcases her athletic figure in SELF as she discusses her post-baby body Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, nips out in New York to go shopping for newborn Deveraux Headed out to a baby store in the Big Apple Feeling the love! Kylie Jenner is going all out for Valentine's Day with an expansive new make-up collection that she calls her 'favorite so far'  Karaoke singing and dancing fit for Strictly: Why La La Land is the Best Picture we deserve in an era that and celebrates the amateur Suited for the Trump era  As the world pays tribute to late actress Mary Tyler Moore, FEMAIL reveals how the star paved the way for fashion-loving women with her bold style  Scarlett Johansson and husband Romain Dauriac hit back at 'split' rumours as they put on a united front at NYC exhibition... but where is her wedding ring?   That's love all!  Serena Williams blows her fiance Alexis Ohanian a court side kiss at the Australian Open as Reddit co-founder looks on adoringly Lottie Moss flaunts TINY waist as she channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous 'basic b****' meltdown 'I still can't believe Mary Tyler Moore touched my face. Will love her forever': Oprah Winfrey pays tribute to her heroine and relives THAT sweet TV moment EXCLUSIVE: Madonna is trying to adopt four-year-old TWIN SISTERS called Stella and Esther from Malawi A government official told DailyMail.com  And action! Heidi Klum directs sexy photo shoot between two near naked Next Top Model contestants on a bed moving down Hollywood Boulevard Madonna and Matthew McConaughey set to become millionaires (all over again) as investors in Vito Coco, which may be looking to sell for up to $1billion   'We'll do something special': Olivia Newton-John, 68, hints at Grease reunion to mark 40th anniversary of the iconic musical  Delighted fans Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks tired as he grabs a coffee in New York... days after split from girlfriend Danielle Campbell is revealed Dressed down  Romee Strijd bares her taut tummy for date with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen at Catch LA Just returned from a romantic Mexican getaway Winter's coming! Modern Family star Ariel cuts a casual figure in skinny ripped jeans as she steps out for a pampering session Kept her head down  Flying under the radar? Rita Ora cuts a low-key and casual figure as she lands at London's Heathrow airport Cutting a very casual figure  PICTURED: Moving truck spotted at Bel Air estate of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West... amid ongoing work at duo's Hidden Hills home Baseball beauty Meghan King Edmonds 'will not be returning to Real Housewives of Orange County' Wife of former baseball All-Star Jim Edmonds Agony for George Michael's family as his body has STILL not been released for funeral a month since his death as the coroner awaits toxicology results  'An incredible milestone': Ivanka Trump shares sweet video of 10-month-old Theodore crawling for the FIRST TIME in the White House 'I'm going to protect my daughter': Corinne Olympios' mother Peri insists Bachelor 'villain' isn't engaged, a w**** or a slave-owner Biting back A couple that dresses alike: Emily Blunt looks chic in skinny leather trousers and stylish coat as she enjoys dinner with matching husband John Krasinski Mother of former Love & Hip Hop Atlanta reality TV star is FOUND safe at home amid kidnapping fears Police in Georgia were  searching  Lady in red! Queen Letizia is a vision in a figure-hugging gown as she welcomes foreign ambassadors to the palace in Madrid   Impeccably-dressed  Shia LaBeouf is ARRESTED live on camera during anti-Trump livestream after 'getting in a fight with a passing protester'  'I don't think it served our purpose': Cyndi Lauper criticizes Madonna's Women's March speech on WWHL Speaking on Watch What Happens Live It had to be Dunn! Jourdan flaunts her supermodel figure in a plunging black bikini top as she snaps a sizzling selfie Catwalk queen Hello, Norma Jeane! Unique negative of Marilyn Monroe while she was still plain 20-year-old Miss Baker hoping for fame is being sold for $3,700 Doting mum Charlize Theron beams as she joins son Jackson and daughter August on the rides at Disneyland Charlize adopted Jackson in March 2012  Iskra Lawrence displays her peachy posterior and hourglass curves in black lingerie and crop top as she pouts up a storm in new video 'Well that just made my lifetime': Topless Kelly Brook sends Twitter wild over her VERY sexy  commercial aired during Britain's National Television Awards Fancy footwear! Make-up free Drew Barrymore steps out in gold platform heels as she arrives at NYC airport On the promotional trail 'Give up the pursuit for perfection': Size 10 model Iskra Lawrence dismisses airbrushing as she proudly displays her curves in a thong for untouched shoot Taking the plunge! Jamie Chung rocks extremely low-cut one piece and slashed jeans for night out in LA Spotted leaving Delilah after meal  Camilla becomes a plumber! Duchess of Cornwall is made an honorary member of a 650-year-old livery company Honored in London  'I'm not ashamed of a few lumps, bumps or cellulite': Ashley Graham posts snap of leg while urging followers to 'love the skin' they're in Plus-sized model Peter Capaldi flashes a broad smile as he films dramatic Doctor Who scenes with Pearl Mackie in Cardiff Filmed scenes for series 10  Kate Hudson shows off her long legs in skinny black jeans and khaki bomber jacket as she enjoys casual day in Malibu Exited Soho House  Can they fine him for this? Scott Eastwood shares video of his Australia Day celebration as he surfs behind a boat while drinking a BEER Rachel McAdams conceals her lithe frame in a chunky coat as she shoots scenes as Rachel Weisz's lover for new film Disobedience Thriller about murder  The look of love? Crown Prince of Denmark Frederik gives wife Mary a very quizzical look as they attend dinner to honour President of Iceland Penny Lancaster reveals she went to work in Rod Stewart's dressing gown after leaving her clothes following attendance at British tv awards show Giving the cold shoulder: Braless Mel B shows off her toned figure in black cut-out dress with flesh-flashing mesh panel for Today show appearance Arm of support! Christina Ricci is joined by onscreen husband David Hoflin at premiere of her new Amazon show Z: The Beginning Of Everything 'I bet he can't wait': Niall Horan says One Direction bandmate Liam Payne is 'nervous' about welcoming a baby with pregnant girlfriend Cheryl Bleary-eyed Simon Cowell looks in high spirits as he parties with girlfriend Lauren Silverman and Ellie Goulding Entertainment mogul  'I feel so enlightened by our convo!': Kim Kardashian boasts about speaking with her 'favorite' author Betty J. Eadie She has 49.8m followers Working out ALL the muscles! Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off fit figure in sleeveless top and leggings while hosting pelvic fitness class George Michael's former partner Kenny Goss looks solemn as he is comforted by a pal on LA stroll weeks after the singer's tragic death  As fashion ice queen Anna Wintour's rival tells weeping staff she's leaving as editor of British Vogue, was it a case of... stilettos at dawn? A twist on the LBD! Melanie Griffith shows off her long legs in black mini dress while heading to dinner Dinner at Craig's restaurant  Mars attacks! Pop superstar Bruno confirmed as latest act to play the 2017 Grammy Awards  Bringing his live-wire act to the awards ceremony Who needs Sundance? Denise Richards attends LA premiere of her latest film American Violence  Decided to break the mould  Back to black! Peter Dinklage returns to his dark locks for Rememory premiere at Sundance... after debuting fiery red hairstyle days earlier New couple alert? Nina Dobrev and Glen Powell 'have been seeing each other on the low' E! News have also quoted a rep insisting 'they are good friends' It was a very good year! Rob Kardashian shares compilation video as he toasts 12 months of bliss with his baby mama Blac Chyna Looking back Magic Johnson has 'secret 35-year-old love child he abandoned says woman who claims he had his advisor try and strong-arm her into getting an abortion' Jennifer Lopez looks incredible in all white for World Of Dance photo call...while Jenna Dewan Tatum stands out with bold lipstick She's from the block  Iggy Azalea's rumored new beau LJay Currie appears to be wearing the diamond ring her ex-boyfriend French Montana previously bought her Who brings instruments to an a capella fight? Ruby Rose fronts a ROCK BAND in behind the scenes video shared from Pitch Perfect 3 'I don't think she was ready for all of that attention': Army soldier, 29, opens up about dance with Melania Trump First Lady dance partner Baggy lady! Kelly Rowland dons two over-sized wintry outfits for chat show appearances in New York Loose-fitting looks EXCLUSIVE: Ice queen Tonya Harding smokes a cigarette and sips some coffee in her Mickey Mouse PJs outside battered Washington home Meghan Markle is reunited with her on-screen fiance as Suits airs for first time since her relationship with Prince Harry went public EXCLUSIVE: Tom Cruise partied on the deck of Scientology's ship but ex member claims was punished at age 16 for not sexually satisfying her husband Shock split! Scarlett Johansson emerges without her wedding ring after 'secretly ending two-year marriage to Frenchman Romain Dauriac' On-the-go: Sofia Vergara wolfs down a snack in between takes while on set for Modern Family In between takes whilst filming the ABC sitcom  Boys' night out! Lamar Odom flashes his silver grillz as he enjoys a night out in West Hollywood post-rehab Lamar Odom was seen beaming on Tuesday  Taking the lead! Sophia Ecclestone, two, takes her pet pooch for a walk... as doting mum Tamara shows off her $10.8k personalized designer bag Leo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal goes topless in racy Sports Illustrated Swimsuit photo shoot  She is a seasoned veteran of the magazine  Bryce Dallas Howard cuts a trim figure in clinging black patterned dress while heading to appearance in New York The 35-year-old looked every bit the A-list star AnnaSophia Robb goes make-up free as she steps out with a mystery man in New York City Not the usual trappings of famous actresses  Melania Trump is hiring a team to help her fight back against social media attacks from the likes of Chelsea Handler  Insiders say Marvel at the mini Minogues! Kylie shares adorable Australia Day flashback as sister Dannii joins in posting a retro photo of her own Australian treasures  'Don't let Donald Trump find out': Ellen Pompeo jokes she doesn't want new US President to know she's 'practicing fake medicine' on Grey's Anatomy It's Margot Roo-bie: Australian star posts home as Sophie Monk, Skye Wheatley, Roxy Jacenko and stars share sunny Australia Day posts  'She was a pioneer on television and will be so missed': Carol Burnett leads tributes to Mary Tyler Moore after TV icon dies at 80  Comedic legend 'You've left a legacy that I don't think will be matched in my lifetime': Christine Anu pens moving letter to her 'role model' Michelle Obama Made a name for herself  Television icon Mary Tyler Moore dies aged 80 after 'being on a respirator for more than a week at a Connecticut hospital' Beloved star  Pucker up! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell share steamy kisses during romantic getaway together in Milan All over each other  'I was at a breaking point': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie talks bridal shower botch and failed marriage to Mike Shay Opened up  Natural beauty: Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her fabulous figure in a field to protest Donald Trump's plans to advance oil pipelines Instagram snap New mom Peta Murgatroyd pumps breast milk while her glam squad does her hair and make-up for new secret project DWTS star  Show Me What You Got! Jay Z looks engrossed at Sundance premiere of Time: The Kalief Browder Story The Show Me What You Got star  'Are you really gonna marry this guy?' Bryan Tanaka confront Mariah Carey about James Packer engagement on season finale of Mariah's World Elle Fanning dons a suit while Michelle Monaghan flashes skin in sheer top for Sundance Film Festival premiere of Sidney Hall Striking looks Frances Bean Cobain asks judge to order estranged ex to return her father Kurt's guitar worth millions The Nirvana frontman's lefty six-string 'Put through hell': Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa allegedly 'joked about raping' estranged wife Christina on set Another explosive allegation  Glee! Lea Michele beams while stepping out in a pair of sexy knee-high boots in NYC She wore a revealing gold trimmed black dress  Lap of luxury: Kylie Jenner shares selfie in $800 hoodie on Instagram before giving tour of new Mercedes and Rolls Royce She is 19 'I'm ready to move on from sex scenes': Dakota Johnson reveals hopes for 'completely opposite' projects after end of steamy Fifty Shades franchise Sarah Palin's reality show gets the chop before making it to air because she's no Judge Judy and 'doesn't resonate' because she has no legal training  Talk about sibling rivalry! Sisters Venus, 36, and Serena Williams, 35, will play EACH OTHER for Australian Open title after both turned back the clock Ricky Martin slashes the price of his Upper East Side condo to $7.1M... as he plans his Las Vegas residency it went up for sale in October for $8.4M Jacqui Ritchie cuts a seriously chic figure as she and husband Guy put on a loved-up display at luxury gym bash Arriving at the grand-opening  Stylish in stripes! Kelly Osbourne jets out of LA rocking skintight black denim with a wide brimmed hat She was spotted at LAX airport  G is for Gigi! Ms Hadid slips into personalized hoodie and sports nerd glasses to pick up art supplies in NYC She went for a casual look Today's headlines Most Read The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's... Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after... 'We all know what that means': Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to terrorists,... Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass'... KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in.... Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Team Trump makes embarrassing gaffe by spelling PM's name 'Teresa' THREE TIMES in press release Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new... I believe in torture – but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding... Trump orders a ‘great rebuilding’ of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and... Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left... 'You are selfish and spineless': Daughter of disgraced Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich hits out at Obama... Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still... As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime... Holy guacamole! Mexican minister warns Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados Trump fires latest shot in Mexico standoff by saying southern neighbor has 'taken advantage' of U.S. – then... Trump hails vote fraud campaign run by Texan grandfather who boasts it has evidence of 3 million illegals... Staff at Mar-a-Lago are being inundated with angry callers venting their rage against Trump  First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to... 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after... Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored... Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000... Kellyanne Conway slams press for 'snarky comments' and 'eye-rolls' as she blasts 'individuals who call... Donald Trump could be the new Margaret Thatcher because he's going to destroy the Left, Newt Gingrich says  Trump says he hopes to have a 'fantastic' relationship with Putin - who he's due to talk to tomorrow - but... MORE HEADLINES Settling in nicely! Ivanka Trump shares bedtime snap of baby Theodore in his brand new bedroom at the family's Washington DC home  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow World January 17, 2017 9:21 pm Updated: January 18, 2017 5:04 pm Fugitive wanted in Orlando officer’s fatal shooting captured By Staff The Associated Press WATCH: Man accused of killing an Orlando police officer outside a Walmart is in custody Tuesday evening after a nine day massive manhunt. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen ORLANDO, Fla. – A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd had a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. READ MORE: Police hunt for suspect after Orlando cop fatally shot outside a Walmart Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted, “Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs.” We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD ICustody. Details to come. Media: stand by for details on press conference. pic.twitter.com/SVjFUEvNak — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Before Clayton’s shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd’s ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. WATCH: Suspected gunman in fatal Florida cop shooting captured While at the Wal-Mart store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he filed multiple shots at her. She was wearing body armour, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Investigators found clothing belonging to Loyd that suggested Clayton returned fire after she was shot but that a bulletproof vest protected the suspect. Markeith Loyd was wearing body armor when he was apprehended. And had these guns in his possession. pic.twitter.com/T0AfzZibmA Story continues below — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy’s SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff’s office said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff’s Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Clayton, 42, was a “committed” officer and “a hero” who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” the chief said. A 17-year veteran of the force, Clayton supervised a patrol division in the neighbourhood where she was shot, and previously worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Debra Clayton Markeith Loyd Orlando Orlando Police Department Orlando police shooting Police Shooting Walmart police shooting Editor's Picks Canada Booze, jobs, infrastructure: How a new internal trade deal could affect Canadians Politics Ottawa has paid out $3.7 billion (so far) to end public service perk Canada Trudeau says his message on oilsands 'phase out' echoes Stephen Harper's Politics Donald Trump believes millions of Americans voted illegally: Here are the facts Canada Renee was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, depression and agoraphobia. Here’s how she got help Commentary Time for Canada to hit Trump with the strategic schmooze reserve Politics Here’s why the picture of Donald Trump’s inauguration did not undersell crowd size FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Student asks Justin Trudeau why his father gave western Canada 'the middle finger' 78646 ‘Big Bang Theory’ star Mayim Bialik, Madeleine Albright promise to join Trump’s Muslim registry 72129 Kevin O’Leary tears up while revealing his family’s input on his conservative party leadership 38048 Justin Trudeau to protesters: 'Allow me to continue my answer' 29982 Stand with Mexico or Donald Trump will turn on Canada, says former Mexican congressman 18632 Sponsored content Popular Videos Toronto Public Health confirms norovirus at Humber College North Campus WATCH NOW Great White shark photo-bombs 10-year-old’s surfing picture WATCH NOW Brazen ATV thefts prompt Moncton dealerships to step up security WATCH NOW Confrontation with parking employee posted online WATCH NOW Edmonton soccer coach charged with sexual offences WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe From the editor Keeping journalism alive begins with you. If you don't subscribe to The Seattle Times, we invite you to do so today. Business Economy Wal-Mart joins other companies touting jobs growth before Trump inauguration Originally published January 17, 2017 at 5:39 pm Wal-Mart said it will add 10,000 retail jobs as it opens and expands stores this year, though that growth is far smaller than in many previous years. Share story By Molly Smith Bloomberg News Wal-Mart Stores’ slowdown in opening new stores — part of an effort to cope with sluggish brick-and-mortar sales — is now being touted as a growth plan. On Tuesday, the company announced its intention to open, expand or relocate 59 Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations this year. While that adds 10,000 retail jobs, the expansion is far smaller than in many previous years and would increase its head count by less than 1 percent in the U.S. Wal-Mart said it plans $6.8 billion in U.S. capital spending, including the construction of stores and distribution centers, though it previously announced that number last year. Those building projects will generate an estimated 24,000 construction jobs this year, the company said. Wal-Mart faces pressure to show that it’s creating U.S. jobs before Friday’s inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump, who has made the issue a signature of his campaign. Most Read Stories Seattle ‘won’t be bullied,’ will fight Trump’s sanctuary-city order, mayor says Seattle cop’s son killed after trying to stop car prowler in Sammamish  VIEW For thousands, light rail could be the only way through downtown Seattle next year What does Trump’s action on sanctuary cities mean for Seattle? Here’s what we know Seahawks assistant head coach for defense Rocky Seto leaves team to enter ministryUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. “Trump is not afraid to get out in the press and tweet,” said Brian Yarbrough, an analyst at Edward Jones. “This is another sign of them trying to get out in front of things.” Wal-Mart joins many of the largest U.S. businesses in boasting about job creation. General Motors announced a $1 billion investment plan on Tuesday, though those efforts involving new models and plant updates have been long in the works. The nation’s top automaker said it will add or retain about 7,000 salaried and hourly workers, including almost 2,000 in domestic factories. Last week, Amazon.com vowed to hire more than 100,000 people in the U.S. in the next 18 months. Trump saluted GM and Wal-Mart in a tweet on Tuesday, thanking them for “starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!” But when Wal-Mart originally announced its capital-spending plan in October, it was characterized as a slowdown of new-store openings. Wal-Mart “plans to slow new-store openings, while increasing investments in e-commerce, technology, store remodels and other customer initiatives,” the company said at the time. Publicity aside, Wal-Mart doesn’t really need to add a bunch of new stores, Yarbrough said. “Opening more supercenters to me is probably the wrong avenue,” he said. “If e-commerce becomes as big as everyone thinks it’s going to be, you’re not going to need 3,800 retail and discount stores across the U.S. When you have that many, do you really need to open more?” Molly Smith Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Seoul court begins reviewing arrest of Samsung heir Previous Story Business group: China preparing to retaliate on trade Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
null
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Business Wal-Mart opens training center for new managers in Airway Heights UPDATED: TUESDAY, JAN. 17, 2017, 11:07 P.M. Wal-Mart associates celebrate the end of their training program Tuesday in Airway Heights. (Photo courtesy of Wal-Mart) Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Wal-Mart has opened a facility in Airway Heights to train entry-level managers from around the region. The center can train up to 90 people at a time, though most of the classes will have about 15 members, said Kristen Wilkinson, senior director with the Wal-Mart U.S. Academy team. The managers will go through two weeks of classes to prepare them for their new duties. Wal-Mart plans to open 200 of the new training centers by the end of the year, Wilkinson said. The Airway Heights facility is a 2,500-square-foot modular building on the parking lot of the existing Wal-Mart at 1221 S. Hayford Road. It will draw trainees from Eastern Washington, Oregon and North Idaho. The first class of trainees graduated Tuesday. Walmart also has awarded $365,000 to Washington State University for research related to recycling waste cotton through spinning techniques. The grant comes from the company’s U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund. Becky Kramer Updated: Jan. 17, 2017, 11:07 p.m.  Tags: Airway Heights, business, walmart, Washington State University Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Edmonton LIVE Edmonton More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada Edmonton Law firm considers class-action suit against Walmart for allegedly selling wildfire-contaminated food ‘Whether you have symptoms or not, many of the contaminants are carcinogenic.’ By David Thurton, CBC News Posted: Jan 17, 2017 5:16 PM MT Last Updated: Jan 17, 2017 5:16 PM MT Charges laid under the Public Health Act allege that Walmart Canada failed to ensure that food that had been contaminated the May 2016 wildfire was not stocked or sold at its outlet in downtown Fort McMurray. (Joe Raedle/Getty Images) David Thurton David Thurton is CBC's mobile journalist in Fort McMurray. He's worked for CBC in the Maritimes & in Canada's Arctic. Email: david.thurton@cbc.ca Twitter: @CBCDavid A law firm is testing the waters to see if there's interest among Fort McMurray residents who may have bought wildfire-contaminated food from the downtown Walmart. Calgary-based Higgerty Law announced Saturday on its website that it may launch a class-action lawsuit on behalf of Fort McMurray customers who have purchased contaminated food in the weeks after the wildfire. The law firm is asking people impacted to complete an online questionnaire. "Whether you have symptoms or not, many of the contaminants are carcinogenic," the post reads. "So even though they won't affect you immediately they could put you at higher risk of cancer later, if taken over a course of time." Fort McMurray Walmart customers react to charges of selling wildfire-contaminated food Walmart faces 174 charges related to sale of fire-contaminated food Walmart Canada and four of its senior managers face 174 charges under the Alberta Public Health Act related to the sale of food contaminated during the wildfire, which engulfed the city last May. A 31-page charge sheet alleges the store sold various contaminated food items, ranging from chocolate bars to bacon and chicken. The charges also allege that Walmart Canada failed to ensure that food that had been contaminated or was unfit for human consumption in the wake of the wildfire was not stocked or sold at its location in downtown Fort McMurray. Four additional charges allege that Walmart lied to public health inspectors by saying it was not selling food that had been contaminated in the fire. A look inside Fort McMurray's Walmart on June 8, 2016, days after residents returned to the city following the wildfire. (Radio-Canada) Before residents were allowed to re-enter the city after the wildfire, health officials repeatedly advised residents and businesses to throw out any food products not stored safely in cans and tins. Higgerty Law's general counsel, Clint Docken, said a handful of customers have already contacted the law firm. "We have talked to people that have suffered some health issues," Docken said in an interview. "Which they are blaming on groceries that they purchased in Walmart." Walmart accused of selling contaminated food after Alberta wildfire2:05 Alex Robertson, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, reiterated a statement the company issued on Friday. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to re-open the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community" he said. Walmart said the company follows strict procedures to ensure customer safety. Follow David Thurton, CBC's Fort McMurray correspondent, on Facebook, Twitter and via email. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Saturday Cloudy 8°C Sunday A mix of sun and cloud 6°C Monday Sunny -3°C Tuesday Sunny -10°C Wednesday Sunny -12°C More Weather | | Latest Edmonton News Headlines 'You better watch your back': Edmonton freelance photographer fielding death threats Controversial concrete barriers in Belgravia intersection coming down Man killed in targeted Saddle Lake shooting, RCMP say 'Seriously?': Edmonton police issue $465 ticket for cracked driver's licence 'Smooth like 60-grit sandpaper': HGTV couple talks renovations together video Edmonton Index Promos Edmonton Catholic school board reinstates school fees Sudden death of Edmonton homeless artist leads to outpouring of grief 'In the lion's den': Trudeau defends oilsands statements at Calgary town hall Want winter tires on your rental car? Good luck Top News Headlines 'I don't know how we can protect the victims': Domestic violence penalties rolled back in Russia 'Closing the door': Trump bars all Syrian refugees from entering the U.S. Do you recognize this Canadian WWII soldier? Belgian woman makes final push to find her father read comments Air Miles quietly devalues some points, shocks collectors read comments Struggling HMV Canada goes into receivership Most Viewed 'Seriously?': Edmonton police issue $465 ticket for cracked driver's licence Travis Vader files notice of appeal two days after life sentence handed down 'You better watch your back': Edmonton freelance photographer fielding death threats Hunter facing charge after 4 moose shot on rural Alberta property Former Edmonton junior high student recalls nightmare of being bullied at school Only in Canada? Toboggan hill closures protested with crazy carpets Edmonton soccer coach faces child-sex charges Man killed in targeted Saddle Lake shooting, RCMP say 'Smooth like 60-grit sandpaper': HGTV couple talks renovations together Don't Miss Luggage mangled on Air Canada flight 'looked like it was out of a war zone' Post-fire construction boom in Fort McMurray expected to surpass height of oilsands frenzy Video Red Deer man punches cougar at Tim Hortons to save dog YEAR IN REVIEW Edmonton's best restaurants 2016 Exclusive Son caught Edmonton mother fatally stabbing her daughter, police sources say Video Syrian family's arrival at Edmonton airport becomes music jam session Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Presented by In Association With Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies Deutsche Bank signs $7.2 billion deal with US over risky mortgages Nigeria bombs refugee camp instead of Boko Haram extremists, kills over 100 Business Standard Walmart, GM reaffirms long planned jobs, Trump says thanks And Hyundai Motor said it plans to increase investment in US by 50% to $3.1 billion over five years Reuters  January 18, 2017 Last Updated at 04:59 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USfHmC ALSO READ After Trump's criticism, General Motors to announce $1 bn in US investment GM invests in Mexico as Ford absorbs blows from Trump After rebuking Trump, China to now target US automaker for monopolistic behaviour Scuttled Ford plant has Mexico fearing more under Donald Trump Hyundai Motor to boost US investment by 50% as automakers respond to Trump Walmart Stores Inc and General Motors Co on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding US jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced $1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 US jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticised US companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States and has put pressure on them to hire more US workers. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US!" Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday reacting to the moves. Bringing manufacturing back to the United States was a major theme in Trump's presidential campaign. In a separate tweet, he said, "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the US (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'." Announcements by Walmart and GM come as both companies are cutting jobs in the country, and their hiring, which was planned for some time, represent a small increase in their total US workforce. German drugs and agriculture group Bayer and US seeds company Monsanto Co also pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 US jobs and add 3,000 new US high-tech positions. Both companies announced plans to create thousands of high-tech US jobs previously when they announced their merger. Some of America's largest companies including General Motors, Lockheed Martin Corp, and United Technologies Corp have been publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter. Many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have cut US jobs or raised prices for consumers. Trump's criticism of Ford Motor Co on Twitter turned to praise after the carmaker scrapped a planned Mexican car factory and added 700 jobs in Michigan earlier this month. It has also forced overseas companies that sell in the US market to lift their US investment. Hyundai Motor Group said it plans to increase investment in the United States by 50 per cent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant. Not New Both Walmart and GM's new US job plans are also part of previously announced investment plans. Walmart said it would create 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 per cent of its US workforce, this year as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan announced in October. General Motors said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its US factories and move some production from Mexico — moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 US workers. GM's announcements also reflected existing plans, not new decisions, company officials and the United Auto Workers union said on Tuesday. The UAW in a statement said the announcement "continues GM investments that have emerged as a result of the 2015 national bargaining agreement" between the union and the automaker. Both companies have also been cutting jobs recently. Walmart has been letting thousands of US employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. GM has also announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories in recent months. Most of Walmart's 10,000 new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores that will be opened in the financial year beginning in February. The retailer opened 130 stores in the current fiscal year.     (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Additional reporting by Joe White in Detroit, Georgina Prodhan in Frankfurt, Karl Plume in Chicago and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Matthew Lewis) Read More On Walmart | General Motors | Ge | Hyundai Motor | Ford | Donald Trump | Trump PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? Walmart, GM reaffirms long planned jobs, Trump says thanks And Hyundai Motor said it plans to increase investment in US by 50% to $3.1 billion over five years And Hyundai Motor said it plans to increase investment in the US by 50% to $3.1 billion over five years Walmart Stores Inc and General Motors Co on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding US jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced $1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 US jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticised US companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States and has put pressure on them to hire more US workers. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US!" Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday reacting to the moves. Bringing manufacturing back to the United States was a major theme in Trump's presidential campaign. In a separate tweet, he said, "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the US (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'." Announcements by Walmart and GM come as both companies are cutting jobs in the country, and their hiring, which was planned for some time, represent a small increase in their total US workforce. German drugs and agriculture group Bayer and US seeds company Monsanto Co also pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 US jobs and add 3,000 new US high-tech positions. Both companies announced plans to create thousands of high-tech US jobs previously when they announced their merger. Some of America's largest companies including General Motors, Lockheed Martin Corp, and United Technologies Corp have been publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter. Many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have cut US jobs or raised prices for consumers. Trump's criticism of Ford Motor Co on Twitter turned to praise after the carmaker scrapped a planned Mexican car factory and added 700 jobs in Michigan earlier this month. It has also forced overseas companies that sell in the US market to lift their US investment. Hyundai Motor Group said it plans to increase investment in the United States by 50 per cent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant. Not New Both Walmart and GM's new US job plans are also part of previously announced investment plans. Walmart said it would create 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 per cent of its US workforce, this year as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan announced in October. General Motors said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its US factories and move some production from Mexico — moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 US workers. GM's announcements also reflected existing plans, not new decisions, company officials and the United Auto Workers union said on Tuesday. The UAW in a statement said the announcement "continues GM investments that have emerged as a result of the 2015 national bargaining agreement" between the union and the automaker. Both companies have also been cutting jobs recently. Walmart has been letting thousands of US employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. GM has also announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories in recent months. Most of Walmart's 10,000 new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores that will be opened in the financial year beginning in February. The retailer opened 130 stores in the current fiscal year.     (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Additional reporting by Joe White in Detroit, Georgina Prodhan in Frankfurt, Karl Plume in Chicago and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Matthew Lewis) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Walmart, GM reaffirms long planned jobs, Trump says thanks And Hyundai Motor said it plans to increase investment in US by 50% to $3.1 billion over five years Walmart Stores Inc and General Motors Co on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding US jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced $1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 US jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticised US companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States and has put pressure on them to hire more US workers. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US!" Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday reacting to the moves. Bringing manufacturing back to the United States was a major theme in Trump's presidential campaign. In a separate tweet, he said, "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the US (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'." Announcements by Walmart and GM come as both companies are cutting jobs in the country, and their hiring, which was planned for some time, represent a small increase in their total US workforce. German drugs and agriculture group Bayer and US seeds company Monsanto Co also pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 US jobs and add 3,000 new US high-tech positions. Both companies announced plans to create thousands of high-tech US jobs previously when they announced their merger. Some of America's largest companies including General Motors, Lockheed Martin Corp, and United Technologies Corp have been publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter. Many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have cut US jobs or raised prices for consumers. Trump's criticism of Ford Motor Co on Twitter turned to praise after the carmaker scrapped a planned Mexican car factory and added 700 jobs in Michigan earlier this month. It has also forced overseas companies that sell in the US market to lift their US investment. Hyundai Motor Group said it plans to increase investment in the United States by 50 per cent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant. Not New Both Walmart and GM's new US job plans are also part of previously announced investment plans. Walmart said it would create 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 per cent of its US workforce, this year as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan announced in October. General Motors said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its US factories and move some production from Mexico — moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 US workers. GM's announcements also reflected existing plans, not new decisions, company officials and the United Auto Workers union said on Tuesday. The UAW in a statement said the announcement "continues GM investments that have emerged as a result of the 2015 national bargaining agreement" between the union and the automaker. Both companies have also been cutting jobs recently. Walmart has been letting thousands of US employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. GM has also announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories in recent months. Most of Walmart's 10,000 new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores that will be opened in the financial year beginning in February. The retailer opened 130 stores in the current fiscal year.     (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Additional reporting by Joe White in Detroit, Georgina Prodhan in Frankfurt, Karl Plume in Chicago and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Matthew Lewis) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Break♦ing 9♦1♦1 (noun): Newly Received Information About an Event That Is Currently Occurring or Developing. Home contact us News Tips For Your Entertainment Good News Stupid People Stupid Criminals Weird news Funny news People & Culture Animals Celebrities Election 2016 Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Jeb Bush Rand Paul Scott Walker Gay Pride / Marriage Gun Control Illegal Immigration Police LAPD NYPD Officer Shot Politics Bad News Car Accidents Cyber Attacks Domestic Violence Child Abuse Drug Busts Gangs Guns Iran Natural Disasters and Weather Police Brutality Racism Terrorism ISIS Violent Crime VIDEOS Viral Videos ISIS Videos HOME CONTACT US NEWS TIPS January 17, 2017 | 7:18 PM CAPTURED: Alleged Orlando Cop Killer Is In Custody January 17, 2017 | 7:18 PM Home » BREAKING NEWS » CAPTURED: Alleged Orlando Cop Killer Is In Custody BREAKING NEWS January 17, 2017 UPDATE: Suspect Markeith Loyd is in custody, Orlando police announce. More to come… Schools were locked down, roads closed and two law enforcement officers died near Orlando, Florida, Monday, as a month-long hunt for a murder suspect closed in and turned violent. Accused of killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month, Markeith D. Loyd shot Sgt. Debra Clayton multiple times when she confronted him outside a Walmart near the Pine Hills area, police said. That wasn’t the end of the violence: A sheriff’s deputy was struck and killed by a sport-utility vehicle while responding to the shooting, and another deputy took fire while trying to stop Loyd’s presumed getaway vehicle. Hours later-as hundreds of local, state and federal officers scoured streets and apartment blocks-Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings looked into a bank of TV cameras and urged Loyd to turn himself in. “Otherwise this is going to be a very, very risky operation for all of us,” he said. The mayhem began early in the morning – apparently when a 17-year police veteran went shopping at a Walmart in the Pine Hills area. A witness told ABC affiliate WFTV that Clayton, a married mother of two, was putting her bags in her trunk when a customer walked up and told her a wanted man was inside the store. Police had been looking for Loyd since Dec. 13, the day he allegedly shot and killed his pregnant ex-girlfriend and wounded her brother, according to the Orlando Sentinel. He was considered armed and dangerous, even then. Clayton turned back toward the Walmart just as the suspect walked out, James Herman told WFTV. “I heard her tell him: Stop,” Herman said. “He shot her down and he took off running.” The suspect fired backward as he ran, the witness said. Clayton was shot twice in the chest and once in the abdomen, WFTV reported. Her heart stopped in the ambulance on the way to the hospital. Paramedics briefly revived her, but a flag-covered gurney was later wheeled out of a hospital as police officers lined up to salute it. “Oh God!!!” Orlando commissioner Regina Hill wrote on Facebook. “Please pray for my OPD Liaison. She’s been shot down in Pinehills.” In the early scramble for the suspect, an Orange County sheriff’s deputy on a motorcycle was struck by a vehicle. “He squeezed my hand. His arm was going cold,” a witness who tried to save the deputy told WFTV. “I thought he was going to make it.” The deputy died of his injuries. His name was being withheld until his family is notified. Another deputy spotted a speeding vehicle that matched the description of Loyd’s, and made a U-turn to pursue it, Sheriff Jerry Demings said at a news conference. The driver opened fire, the sheriff said, hitting the deputy’s vehicle but not harming him. According to WFTV, Loyd allegedly carjacked a vehicle and escaped again. Large swaths of the Pine Hills area were cordoned off as officers hunted for Loyd. After several hours, the Orlando Sentinel reported that SWAT police had surrounded an apartment and were calling Loyd out – rifles ready and helicopters circling. “He will be brought to justice,” Orlando Police Chief John Mina told reporters at the news conference. “I can assure the community of that.” But more hours passed with no sign of Loyd, as the searchers roved across the city. A reward for his capture was increased to $60,000, and authorities warned that anyone helping him hide would be prosecuted. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared an official day of mourning. Florida Gov. Rick Scott prayed. City officials and law enforcement officers wept openly in front of TV cameras. Clayton was one of the first officers who responded to the Pulse nightclub shooting in June, arriving minutes after 911 calls came in about shots fired, according to police records. The Orlando officer appears to be the first law enforcement official fatally shot this year. Her death comes after a year that saw a surge in the number of law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty, a toll pushed upward by an increase in deadly shootings and ambush attacks. These shootings included high-profile attacks in Dallas and Baton Rouge that left a combined eight officers dead, ambushes that rattled law enforcement officers nationwide at a time of tension between police and the communities they serve. Although statistics show a steep drop in the number of line-of-duty deaths since the 1970s, officers and others in law enforcement have said in recent years that they are increasingly on edge amid protests against how police use deadly force and concerned about the public perception of police. Others have expressed concern about antigovernment attackers targeting law enforcement officers and the number of guns available on the streets. Last year, 65 police officers were killed in shootings, up from 41 the year before, according to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, a nonprofit group that monitors line-of-duty deaths. Gunfire was the common factor in nearly half of the 136 law enforcement deaths in 2016, according to the National Law Enforcement Memorial Fund, the highest percentage in more than two decades. Before 2016, it was more common in recent years for officers to die in traffic accidents than shootings. Ambushes were behind an unusually high share of these deaths, with nearly 1 in 3 officers fatally shot in such an attack. The surge in officers killed by gunfire last year was the largest on record, up 56 percent over the previous year, according to data from the memorial fund. (c) 2017, The Washington Post · Avi Selk, Mark Berman ---- #breaking now LIVE: President Trump Holds Joint Press Conference With UK PM Theresa May 0 Comments 38758 Views Melania Trump is on the cover of Vanity Fair Mexico Melania Trump’s first glossy magazine cover as first lady is on Vanity Fair Mexico – but the timing (just… 0 Comments 52139 Views WATCH LIVE: March For Life 2017 Rally ALL TIMES EST: 11:45 a.m. Musical Opening with Transform DJs 12:00 p.m. Rally Program 1:00 p.m. March up Constitution… 0 Comments 26422 Views March for Life: Thousands assemble at Washington Monument Thousands of abortion opponents began gathering in cold, blustery weather at the Washington Monument Friday for the annual March… 0 Comments 85453 Views Draft executive order shows how Trump wants to grow the U.S. military significantly The Trump administration has drafted an executive order stating the president will significantly grow the U.S. military, spending money… 0 Comments 75998 Views Trump says Mexico ‘has taken advantage’ of U.S. amid trade clash The chaos surrounding U.S. and Mexico relations continued Friday, pushing the countries closer to a trade war that threatens… 0 Comments 29024 Views All-Stars? Nah. Here is the NBA All-Snub Team. And Joel Embiid leads the way. Thursday night, 14 players found out they’ll be representing the Eastern and Western Conferences at the All-Star Game next… 0 Comments 26350 Views Miami-Dade abandons “sanctuary” status one day after Trump’s crackdown Mayors of cities across the nation sounded off Thursday in defiance of President Donald Trump’s executive order aimed at… 0 Comments 31693 Views #connect Never Miss Breaking News - Follow Breaking911 Follow us on Facebook likes Follow us on Twitter 172,020 followers #trending Miami-Dade Mayor Complies With Pres. Trump, Effectively Ending ‘Sanctuary City’ Policy comments 1140221 Views SHERIFF: Florida middle school students arrested after plotting Columbine-style mass shooting comments 550397 Views 15 Official Vehicles Stolen From State Dept. comments 511523 Views Ex-gang member ‘executed’ after Obama commutes sentence comments 487851 Views AMBER ALERT: Police Search For Missing Toddler In ‘Grave Danger’ comments 443086 Views ‘Not race. Not gender. Just American’: 3 Trump supporters leave black waitress a $450 tip comments 428711 Views Secret Service Aware Of Video Showing Teacher Shouting Die While Shooting Trump With Water Gun comments 368352 Views White House press secretary says border wall will be funded by 20 percent import tax on Mexican goods comments 365576 Views LEAKED: Draft executive order would begin ‘extreme vetting’ of immigrants, visitors to U.S. comments 323917 Views The Doomsday Clock Just Advanced Again: It’s now 2-and-a-half minutes to ‘midnight.’ comments 277738 Views U.S. Border Patrol Chief Resigns After Only 6 Months on the Job comments 270892 Views A former model starved to death, but not from anorexia comments 243474 Views [related_posts_by_tax]
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wal-Mart to boost US job count by 10,000 USA TODAY Adam Shell 1/17/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks Click to expand Replay Video Amazon's first employee shares what he learned from Jeff Bezos Shel Kaphan, who joined Amazon in 1994, had no idea the company would become a success. CNBC Boeing unveils new spacesuit design Boeing unveiled its new spacesuit on Wednesday. The new suit is around 40% lighter than previous suits and features a wide polycarbonate visor. It is designed to be used inside Boeing’s Starliner capsule, which is set to launch in 2018. The Wall Street Journal. Super-secret survival silo will cost super rich $3M per floor A converted missile silo in an undisclosed location in Kansas provides bunker units for super rich buyers. CNBC SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 USA TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Amazon's first employee shares what he learned from Jeff Bezos CNBC 0:52 Boeing unveils new spacesuit design The Wall Street Journal. 1:17 Super-secret survival silo will cost super rich $3M per floor CNBC 2:53 The obstacles Trump faces with the border wall CBS News 2:39 10 best jobs in America in 2017, according to Glassdoor TheWrap 1:09 Best Kirkland products to buy at Costco Kiplinger 1:07 How soon will Congress move on tax reform, health care? Bloomberg 5:27 What the Dow topping 20,000 really means The Washington Post 1:45 Elon Musk's 'boring' new business idea could help L.A. traffic Newsy 0:58 The least livable cities in the world Seeker 3:54 Trump-backer Peter Thiel just became a New Zealand citizen CNBC 0:31 The next possible gun industry sales boom: Suppresors CNN Money 2:54 After Trump's TPP withdrawal, what's next for US trade deals? The Wall Street Journal. 3:00 Dutch CEO strapped himself to a windmill to make this announcement Newsy 0:41 Trump gives hope to these small business owners Fox Business 3:44 Bond markets get French election jitters Reuters 1:34 UP NEXT Retail giant Walmart said Tuesday that it will create 10,000 new retail jobs in the U.S. this year, the latest American company to promote its domestic-focused hiring and investment ahead of Friday's transfer of power from President Obama to president-elect Donald Trump. Trump, of course, won the White House partly on his "America First" focus. The new Walmart hires will work at new soon-to-be-opened stores, expanded existing stores and e-commerce services, the company said Tuesday. In addition, Walmart said an estimated 24,000 construction jobs will support its plans to open new stores and remodel existing ones. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we can play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," Dan Bartlett, Walmart's executive vice president for corporate affairs, said in a statement. Walmart (WMT) shares rose 2.2%. The retailer's shares rose nearly 13% in 2016. The low-price retailer, which is well into the second year of its pay increase plan, touts an hourly pay rate ranging from $9 per hour to $24.70 per hour, according to a year-ago press release announcing 2016 pay hikes for associates that went into effect last February. The average wage for full-time workers was $13.38 per hour, and $10.58 per hour, on average, for part-time workers, according to a Walmart press release.  Walmart, which employs 1.5 million U.S. workers, is the latest American company to go on the public relations offensive and emphasize its commitment to U.S. workers since Trump won the presidential election in November. The billionaire businessman has stressed via tweets and public statements his preference for U.S. firms to boost investment and create more jobs in the U.S., rather than set up shop in cheaper locales around the globe. The Trump factor is not lost on Wall Street pros. "Companies (are) getting in front of the shape of things to come, and that is Trump will think USA first at all times; so politics matter to these companies," says Gary Kaltbaum, president of Kaltbaum Capital Management. "Politically, it puts them 'in favor' with the new administration while creating jobs here." The list of companies stressing their commitment to the U.S. is growing. Auto giant General Motors, for example, announced Tuesday that it will invest an additional $1 billion in U.S. manufacturing, on top of the $21 billion it has invested in U.S. operations since 2009. In a statement, GM said a "combination of 1,500 new and retained jobs are tied to the new investments." The moves by Walmart and GM follow last week's announcement by online retail giant Amazon.com that it plans on creating more than 100,000 U.S. jobs in the next 18 months. Earlier in January, auto maker Ford said it was canceling plans to build a new plant in Mexico and instead making a $700 million investment in Michigan, creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. Back in November, air conditioner maker Carrier announced a deal to keep roughly 1,000 jobs in Indianapolis after nixing plans to move jobs to Mexico. Walmart's job announcement follows the retailer's decision in January 2016 to announce the closing of 154 poor-performing U.S. stores, which affected 10,000 U.S. workers. Walmart also said Tuesday that it would open 160 new "training Academies around the country" and provide "specialty training" for more than 225,000 of its workers. The retailer also is planning $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year.  Longer term, Walmart reiterated a commitment made in 2013 to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Encouraging signs for Tiger despite missing cut USA TODAY NHL legends say Gordie Howe was the greatest USA TODAY Trump signs executive order to keep 'Islamic terrorists' out of U.S. USA TODAY In Kentucky, Trump order ‘devastating’ to local refugees USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
GoSearch 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 40° Low 28° High 51° Fayetteville 36° Low 26° High 44° Bentonville 36° Low 27° High 45° See complete forecast Walmart To Add 10,000 Retail Jobs, Invest In Training In 2017 Posted 8:34 am, January 17, 2017, by Shawnya Meyers, Updated at 01:56PM, January 17, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Walmart To Add 10,000 Retail Jobs, Invest In Training In 2017 BENTONVILLE (KFSM) — Walmart announced on Tuesday (Jan. 17) they will be adding more than 30,000 jobs and investing in training hundreds of thousands of employees in 2017. The company, which employs about 1.5 million people in the United States, will be creating an estimated 34,000 jobs through expanding and improving the company’s network and e-commerce services, according to a company news release. Approximately 10,000 retail jobs will be added thanks to the addition of 59 new, expanded or relocated Sam’s Club and Walmart stores. The remaining new jobs will come through constructing and remodeling those facilities. Walmart will be spending about $6.8 billion on capital investments during the year, including building and remodeling facilities and expanding new services like the online grocery pickup, the release states. Additionally, Walmart will be adding 160 training academies in the nation, which should be open by July. The release states that an estimated 225,000 employees will graduate from the training academies in 2017, after receiving six weeks of specialty training in retail fundamentals, leadership skills and running store departments.     Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. 2 comments Linda Camacho So many of those are not permanent jobs. January 17, 2017 at 11:08 am Reply Report comment Never go full liberal Neither permanent nor full time, they just have to throw that out there to make themselves look good and feel better about themselves. January 17, 2017 at 2:17 pm Reply Report comment Adventure Arkansas Check the latest 5NEWS adventure. Popular 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule Burger King Employees Accused Of Selling Marijuana To Customers Ordering ‘Fries Extra Crispy’ Deputies: Crawford County Couple Arrested In Child Abuse Investigation Fort Smith Man Contestant On Wheel Of Fortune Episode Motorcyclist Dies In Crawford County Collision Latest News 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule John Hurt Dies: Legendary ‘Harry Potter’ Actor Was 77 Tyson Donates 70,000 Pounds Of Protein To Aid Tornado Recovery In Georgia, Mississippi Promotion For Local Firefighter Celebrated Near Firefighter Recognition Day Vian Hires First Ever Paid Female Police Officer News 130 Employees Cut During ArcBest Restructuring News Walton Family Donates $2 Million Toward NWACC Education, Workforce Training Center News Pernod Ricard Announces Facility Expansion, Malibu Rum To Be Bottled In Fort Smith Plant News Mars Petcare Announces $72 Million Investment Into Fort Smith Operations, Adding 130 Jobs News Report: Walmart To Cut Nearly 1,000 Jobs By End Of Month News Walmart Eyewear Facility Tour News ORT To Offer Fayetteville/Bentonville Commuter Route News Woman Finds Snake In Shopping Cart At Van Buren Walmart News As Crawford Co. Unveils New Jail, Other Counties Discuss Need For New Facilities News The Lumineers & Their Music Light Up The Walmart AMP News Local Small Businesses Reaching New Heights News Amazon Says It Will Create 100,000 Jobs Across The U.S. News Sears Sells Craftsman Brand To Stanley Black & Decker Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 499 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Companies pile on job announcements to avoid Trump's wrath All appear to be aimed at currying favor with President-elect Donald Trump. Post to Facebook Companies pile on job announcements to avoid Trump's wrath All appear to be aimed at currying favor with President-elect Donald Trump.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k2iB0O {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 85 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Companies pile on job announcements to avoid Trump's wrath Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY Published 6:12 p.m. ET Jan. 17, 2017 | Updated 9:15 a.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share General Motors says it will invest $1 billion in its factories and add thousands of new U.S. white-collar jobs in moves that have been in the works for years but released Tuesday in response to criticism from President-elect Donald Trump (Jan. 17) AP General Motors' truck plant in Wentzville Assembly plant in Missouri (Photo: Melissa Vaeth for General Motors) 499 CONNECTTWEET 7 LINKEDIN 85 COMMENTEMAILMORE What started as a trickle of companies boasting about their plans to boost their U.S. employees has become a cascade -- all appearing to be aimed at currying favor with President-elect Donald Trump. General Motors and Walmart were the latest to join up Tuesday as various large companies have announced plans that have included adding thousands of jobs in the U.S., retaining plants or canceling plans to move jobs to Mexico. They range from air-conditioning maker Carrier and wireless service provider Sprint to online retailing giant Amazon. But while such declarations seem to work magic when it comes to attracting supportive tweets from Trump, they call into question whether companies are actually changing direction away from expanding in other countries and are now focusing their job-creation efforts on the U.S. Economists and others paying close attention as corporations have portrayed themselves as showing a renewed interest in the U.S. since the presidential election see a mixed picture. "There is some substance that is colored by smoke and mirrors," says Harley Shaiken, a University of California-Berkeley professor who follows labor issues and globalization. "It's really both going on." USA TODAY GM to invest $1 billion in U.S. after pressure from Trump Many of the announcements about job creation in the U.S. cover plans that were already in the works, for instance, in late December, Sprint announced that it was creating or bringing back to the U.S. 5,000 new jobs, part of a commitment that Sprint owner SoftBank had previously made. And while the numbers of positions being created sound great, they pale in comparison to the jobs lost over the years. GM announced it will add 7,000 information technology and manufacturing jobs in the U.S., which is a lot by any measure, but compares to a current hourly workforce of 56,000. In 1979, the Associated Press reports, GM's U.S. workforce peaked above 618,000. GM's manufacturing jobs, as represented by the United Auto Workers union, start at $27.79 an hour under the latest contract. Walmart said it will create 10,000 new retail jobs in the U.S. this year, but that's a fraction of the company's U.S. workforce of roughly1.5 million. Walmart's starting wage is about $9 an hour. They join other companies that stepped up as well, often with similar, bittersweet news. For instance, while Amazon has said it would create 100,000 jobs in the United States in 2017, most are low-paying warehouse jobs that offer little job security. Amazon on average pays its warehouse employees 15% less than the average wage of other warehouse workers in the same region, according to Stacy Mitchell of the Institute for Local Self-Reliance, a non-profit advocacy group that works on sustainable community development. Most of the jobs had already been announced in the local markets where the warehouses are located. USA TODAY Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 “Given that there’s no real news here, one certainly has to wonder if Amazon's announcement is mainly aimed at currying favor with President-elect Trump," Mitchell says. Observers say corporations are making their announcements largely out of fear, wanting to avoid being scolded in Trump's tweets the way that Ford Motor was singled out for expanding in Mexico during the presidential campaign. (Sure enough, Ford found itself back in Trump's good graces on Twitter this month by canceling plans for a $1.6-billion plant in Mexico). CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Anthony Scaramucci, entrepreneur and senior adviser to President-elect Donald Trump, speaks to USA TODAY from the World Economic Forum in Davos. USA TODAY NETWORK "No company wants to be in the Trump crosshairs," says author and researcher Alan Tonelsen, founder of the RealityChek blog who has written extensively on labor issues. "Big multinational companies hate bad publicity." The spin may be creating the reality, he says, rather than vice versa. As the announcements pile up, it is creating a climate where companies realize they move jobs offshore at their own peril. In the case of automobiles, the mere threat of imposing 35% tariffs has been enough to entice companies to wave the flag. The question becomes whether the Trump factor will continue to be enough to compel companies to keep up the "Made in the USA" patter. Some are already lining up to say they've seen enough. "I do not believe it will be feasible or represent good policy for the president to strong-arm individual companies into making business decisions that are not in their best economic interests," says Michael Farr, CEO of Farr, Miller & Washington, a money-management firm. No matter what side you're on, what we've seen so far is likely just the beginning. "This is the opening salvo," says Josh Bivens, research director for the Economic Policy Institute, a Washington-based think tank. "We will be seeing much more coming out of the Trump administration." FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn President Trump's picks for his Cabinet and advisers  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Steven Mnuchin, nominee for secretary of the Treasury, appears before the Senate Finance Committee for his confirmation hearing on Jan. 19, 2017.  Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY Fullscreen Rick Perry, nominee for Energy secretary, is sworn in for his confirmation hearing before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee on Jan. 19, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Sonny Perdue, the former governor of the Georgia, is Trump's pick to be Agriculture secretary.  Albin Lohr-Jones, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Nikki Haley, nominee for U.N. ambassador, during her confirmation hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Jan. 18, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Scott Pruitt, nominee for administrator of the EPA, during his confirmation hearing before the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee on Jan. 18, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Rep. Tom Price, who is nominated for secretary of Health and Human Services, during his confirmation hearing before the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee on Jan. 18, 2017.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen James N. Mattis, center, nominee for secretary of Defense, arrives with former senator Sam Nunn, left, and former senator William Cohen on Jan. 12, 2017, prior to the start of his confirmation hearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Ben Carson, nominee for Housing and Urban Development secretary, with Trump staffer Omarosa Manigault sitting behind him, waits for the start of his confirmation hearing before the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee on Jan. 12, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Mike Pompeo, nominee for CIA director, appears before the Senate Intelligence Committee for his confirmation hearing on Jan. 12, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Rex Tillerson, nominee for secretary of State, testifies during his confirmation hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Jan. 11, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Elaine Chao, nominee for secretary of Transportation, testifies before the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee during her confirmation hearing on Jan. 11, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen John Kelly, nominee for secretary of Homeland Security, appears before the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee during his confirmation hearing on Jan. 10, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Sen. Jeff Sessions, nominee for attorney general, reads his opening statement during his confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Jan. 10, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Jared Kushner, son-in-law of President-elect Donald Trump, arrives for a meeting with House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wis., on Capitol Hill, in Washington on Jan. 9, 2017. President-elect Donald Trump said he is appointing Jared Kushner as a White House senior adviser.  Cliff Owen, AP Fullscreen David Shulkin, current undersecretary for health at the VA, is Trump's pick to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Former Indiana senator Dan Coats is Trump's choice for director of national intelligence.  Albin Lohr-Jones, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump has selected former Reagan administration official Robert Lighthizer to be his U.S. trade representative.  Skadden Fullscreen Rep. Ryan Zinke, R-Mont., is Trump's choice to be secretary of the Interior.  Richard Drew, AP Fullscreen Trump has nominated ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson for secretary of State.  Ben Stansall, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Former Texas governor Rick Perry is Trump's choice to lead the Energy Department.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Andy Puzder, chief executive of CKE Restaurants, is Trump's pick for Labor secretary.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump plans to nominate Linda McMahon — co-founder of World Wrestling Entertainment — to be the leader of the Small Business Administration.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt is the president-elect's pick to head the Environmental Protection Agency.  John Taggart, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Retired Marine general John Kelly is Trump's choice to head the Department of Homeland Security.  Carolyn Kaster, AP Fullscreen Ben Carson is Trump's pick to be Housing and Urban Development secretary.  Behar Anthony, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Retired Marine Corps general James Mattis is Trump's pick for Defense secretary.  Carolyn Kaster, AP Fullscreen Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus has been selected for chief of staff.  Alex Wong, Getty Images Fullscreen Retired Lt. Gen. Mike Flynn is Trump's pick for national security adviser.  Alex Wong, Getty Images Fullscreen South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley has been nominated for U.N. ambassador.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Stephen Bannon, a top adviser to President Trump.  Gerald Herbert, AP Fullscreen Elaine Chao has been nominated for Transportation secretary. She was Labor secretary under former president George W. Bush and assistant secretary of Transportation under president George H.W. Bush.  Carolyn Kaster, AP Fullscreen Mike Pompeo  Jacquelyn Martin, AP Fullscreen Betsy DeVos, a strong advocate of school choice and school vouchers, has been nominated for Education secretary.  Carolyn Kaster, AP Fullscreen Rep. Tom Price, R-Ga., is Trump's choice for Health and Human Services secretary.  Jim Lo Scalzo, european pressphoto agency Fullscreen Don McGahn, a veteran Washington campaign finance attorney and former chairman of the Federal Election Commission, has been selected for White House counsel.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross is Trump's pick for Commerce secretary.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Seema Verma, CEO of the health policy consulting firm SVC Inc. and the architect of Indiana's alternative approach to Medicaid, has been selected for administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Steve Mnuchin, right, who was chairman of the Trump campaign's finance operation and previously worked as an executive at Goldman Sachs, has been nominated for Treasury secretary.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Sen Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., has been nominated for attorney general.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen Republican National Committee Chief Strategist and Communications Director Sean Spicer is Trump's pick for press secretary.  Cliff Owen, AP Fullscreen Kellyanne Conway, Trump's campaign manager, is slated to serve as counselor to the president.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 41 2 of 41 3 of 41 4 of 41 5 of 41 6 of 41 7 of 41 8 of 41 9 of 41 10 of 41 11 of 41 12 of 41 13 of 41 14 of 41 15 of 41 16 of 41 17 of 41 18 of 41 19 of 41 20 of 41 21 of 41 22 of 41 23 of 41 24 of 41 25 of 41 26 of 41 27 of 41 28 of 41 29 of 41 30 of 41 31 of 41 32 of 41 33 of 41 34 of 41 35 of 41 36 of 41 37 of 41 38 of 41 39 of 41 40 of 41 41 of 41 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Contributing: Adam Shell, Elizabeth Weise, Ed Baig and Brent Snavely 499 CONNECTTWEET 7 LINKEDIN 85 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k2iB0O NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
skip to main content NPR News & Classical Music Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Connecticut News Long Island News New England News Collaborative National and International News News and Talk Programs Essays by David Bouchier Music Classical Music Highlights Music Programs/Playlists Interviews Sunday Baroque Music Playlist Search Programs News and Talk Programs Music Programs Entertainment Programs Schedule Calendar About Us Contact Us WSHU Mission Frequencies and Locations Underwriting Standards Community Advisory Board Jobs at WSHU Annual Reports to Listeners Program Policy Statements CPB Reporting Support WSHU Pledge Now Individual Giving Matching Gifts WSHU Broadcast Society WSHU Leadership Circle Legacy Giving Foundation Support Local News Initiative Fund New Media Initiative Fund Corporate Sponsorship Update Giving Information Vehicle Donation Search Menu Home News Connecticut News Long Island News New England News Collaborative National and International News News and Talk Programs Essays by David Bouchier Music Classical Music Highlights Music Programs/Playlists Interviews Sunday Baroque Music Playlist Search Programs News and Talk Programs Music Programs Entertainment Programs Schedule Calendar About Us Contact Us WSHU Mission Frequencies and Locations Underwriting Standards Community Advisory Board Jobs at WSHU Annual Reports to Listeners Program Policy Statements CPB Reporting Support WSHU Pledge Now Individual Giving Matching Gifts WSHU Broadcast Society WSHU Leadership Circle Legacy Giving Foundation Support Local News Initiative Fund New Media Initiative Fund Corporate Sponsorship Update Giving Information Vehicle Donation Search Listen Live 91.1 WSHU 1260 WSHU 89.9 WSUF 103.3 WQQQ Classical Music Sunday Baroque Congressional Republicans Take Aim On Import And Export Taxes By Charles Lane • Jan 17, 2017 TweetShareGoogle+Email Walmart customers score deals while shopping during the retailer’s Black Friday event in November in Bentonville, AR. Gunnar Rathbun / AP Big box retailers and advocates for the poor are teaming up for their “biggest fight ever.” It’s against congressional Republicans who want to change the corporate tax code, in particular, taxes on imports and exports. Debbie Hickey just bought some slacks for her sons, and she wanted to buy them at Walmart, “because they’re young and starting out in the business world. And they’re clothes are very economical." What makes them economical is this. “Vietnam. Made in Vietnam.” The U.S. imports about $2.7 trillion worth of goods a year. Imports are cheap because labor costs are much lower in places like Vietnam and, for the most part, the U.S. doesn’t impose a lot of special taxes on them. When Walmart buys pants from Vietnam for $20 and sells them to Hickey for $25, the company is only taxed on that $5 of profit. Part of the Republican tax plan would change that. It would tax Walmart for the full $25. It’s called a "border adjustment tax." And Wall Street analysts expect some retail prices to go up as much as 15 percent. “Wow. Ok. So that would make a difference on where I buy things like that. Honestly, 15 percent, I think is a lot,” Hickey says. At the same time, the border adjustment would hike taxes for companies that import, it would cut taxes for companies that export. University of California, Berkeley Economics Professor Alan Auerbach is one of the architects of the plan. Auerbach says, “Our current corporate tax system is just broken, there are just so many problems.” The corporate tax code has been accused of slowing growth, forcing companies to shift profits overseas, or even shifting the entire company. Advocates say border adjustment would solve that. And Republicans love it for one more reason. “The fact that it’s encouraging companies to locate profitable, productive activities in the United States, companies that might otherwise locate them in countries where the taxes are lower. There’s no longer an incentive to do that,” Auerbach says. Even if this plan sounds like one dreamed up by President-elect Donald Trump, it actually predates his campaign by several years. In fact, it originates from the left, and Auerbach — who advised Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry — thinks labor unions should embrace border adjustment. But right now, that seems unlikely. Bob McIntyre, director of the left-leaning Citizens for Tax Justice, think that since the poor and middle class spend the vast majority of their income, they shoulder most of the import tax. “The Republican Party has been trying to get some weirdo consumption tax for at least the last 40 years,” McIntyre says. Meanwhile, companies that export a lot will pass their new tax windfall on to shareholders. McIntyre says this is the same regressive tax Republicans have always pitched. “They like taxes that hit the middle class and poor and they hate taxes that the rich have to pay, and now they’re in power.” Academics point to economic theory which says, as the U.S. reduces its trade deficit, the dollar will gain in value and offset any benefits to U.S. exports. Wall Street buys the theory, but not the simplicity. Brian McGough, a retail analyst for Hedgeye, says, “This is a paradigm shift. And a paradigm that’s been in place for 30 years won’t change in a week, won’t change in a month, and it won’t change in even three or four years." McGough predicts major bankruptcies. And this is where the retail lobbyists come in. They have been marshaling resources and planning a full-on, “battle royale” to keep border adjustment out of the tax bill. McGough gives border adjustment only a 30 percent chance of getting to the president’s desk. Proponents, however, say Congress has run out of options. If the corporate tax code is going to change, border adjustment might be the only thing both sides could agree on. Tags:  business economy taxes Corporate Tax Code Walmart TweetShareGoogle+Email © 2017 WSHU Contact Us Privacy Policy EEO Documentation CPB Report FCC Public Files Contest Rules
thedailynews.cc News Greenville Belding Carson City Lakeview Edmore Stanton Panhandle Classifieds Deals E-edition More Latest Funeral Notices Scanner Free Time PLUG IN January 28, 2017 News local politics business beat Opinions Lifestyle Sports local high school Outdoors Community Events Calendar Funeral Notices Classifieds More Videos Lottery Photos Subscribe E-edition E-book NIE Subscriber Services Submit News Click Now! Posted: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 Planning Commission OKs ‘conditional site plan’ for Brann’s Retail Center By Cory Smith • Last Updated 12:11 pm on Tuesday, January 17, 2017 Tweet Ken Dixon of Dixon Architecture presents designs for a proposed Brann’s Retail Center at 10990 W. Carson City Road (M-57), which would feature four retail locations, two of them offering drive-thru services. — Daily News/Cory Smith GREENVILLE — Brann’s Retail Center is one step closer to bringing four new retail locations to town, but onekey word still stands between now and any physical construction: “Conditional.” During Thursday’s Greenville Planning Commission meeting, members debated nearly an hour and half throughout a public hearing and meeting discussion on whether to approve a site plan for the site at 10990 W. Carson City Road (M-57), a 1-acre piece of property on the northeast corner of M-57 and Satterlee Roads in front of Walmart and directly west of Murphy Oil. Jan Johnson of Main Street Planning and Kyle Wilson with Nederville Associates go back and forth on conflicting details of a site plan proposal for Brann’s Retail Center at 10990 W. Carson City Road (M-57). The Commission eventually voted 4-1 in favor of approving a “conditional site plan,” meaning several outlying conditions will have to be met before final approval, as well as the acceptance of three variance requests from the owners, Mike Brann Jr. and Mike Brann Sr., that will have to be approved by the Zoning Board of Appeals. Commissioner Pete Frye said he didn’t want to make the owners wait any longer. “We either have to pass something tonight, or they have to come back,” he said. “I’m going to make a motion so they can at least proceed forward, so they can seek further approval. To make them wait, I don’t think that’s fair.” According to Jan Johnson of Main Street Planning, the company that Greenville uses for city planning services, the two biggest conditional concerns are curb cut approvals from the Road Commission of Montcalm County on Satterlee Road, and the Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) on M-57. As of now, the Branns are awaiting confirmation from both organizations to approve the entryways on the property. The largest point of contention came regarding the entrance-exit drive onto Satterlee Road, of which City Manager George Bosanic introduced concerns. “I’m very concerned with the glossing over of the curb cut issue,” he said. “We spent an awful lot of time talking about bushes and lighting, but the big issue here is the location of this curb cut.” Greenville Planning Commission members Brian Greene, left, and Pete Frye, listen as a presentation is given on the proposed Brann’s Retail Center at 10990 W. Carson City Road (M-57). Bosanic believes, as currently designed, Satterlee Road would not be prepared to handle the extra traffic generated by four new retail spaces — two of them including drive-thru businesses, with one ofthem confirmed to be a Biggby Coffee — combined withexiting traffic from Walmart. He said traffic waiting at the light on Satterlee Road coming from Walmart already backs up further than where the proposed curb cut entry-exit is planned. “What we’re going to have, especially with drive-thru business — which is fast in-and-out, high-volume business — they are coming in to go through the drive-thru, and if these businesses are successful, which everyone wants them to be, then we are going to have a traffic jam on Satterlee,” he said. “People coming in and out, heading north, trying to get into that curb cut to access those buildings … I’m just very concerned.” Bosanic said the lack of a center turn lane concerns him most. He compared it to the Meijer Gas Station and Burger King curb cuts on Greenville West Drive, which in design are similar, but the roadway features a center turn lane. “Those that are traveling in opposite directions have a safe haven in the center turn lane,” he said. “In this situation, you’re going to have the number of cars that are stacking to the north far exceed the length of where this curb-cut is located. It’s happening already.  The width of Satterlee Road does not provide for a center turn lane.” Bosanic said he is willing to reach out to Walmart, of which the Branns said they have had no success, to discuss adding a new entry-exit drive into the Walmart parking lot and service drive; however, that would possibly reduce parking spaces and compromise the site plan of the retail center. Members of the Greenville Planning Commission, from left, Dale Reyburn, Jack Corner, Chairman David Ralph, Brian Greene and Pete Frye, evaluate a proposed site plan for Brann’s Retail Center at 10990 W. Carson City Road (M-57), which would feature four retail locations, two of them offering drive-thru services. “I’m just sharing myconcerns, because it would be unfortunate … we are being accommodating, as we should be, but if and when the Road Commission makes an approval on this, to have that type of situation exist, I want to make you aware that you are going into this with your eyes open,” Bosanic said. “If these problems occur, I don’t want to say I told you so, I don’t want to see that scenario happen.” Commission Chairman David Ralph, who cast the lone opposing vote against the site plan, said he would have felt more comfortable moving forward knowing that the Road Commission and MDOT were already on board. “I still do have a level of concern about an access (drive) off of M-57 that goes immediately into stacking for a drive-through, which also has traffic coming from the west across the parking lot, which also has (adjacent) parking spaces,” he said. “I would be uncomfortable granting full unconditional approval tonight. I would simply ask that the applicant complete that process that has not been completed.” Frye does not believe approval will come from the Road Commission or MDOT, however, he doesn’t believe the Brann’s will have much luck if the Planning Commission did not first approve a conditional site plan. “I don’t see how the Brann organization can go to the county and say, ‘The city hasn’t approved this proposal, but we want you to approve the access to Satterlee Road and approve it without a turnoff lane,’” he said. “I don’t think they are going to go anywhere with those approvals unless we give them a conditional approval.” Commissioner Dale Reyburn said he had no problem with giving conditional approval to allow the Brann’s to move forward in their additional requests. “I’m prepared to say yes to this, and let the county decide if they are going to give them access,” he said. “Yes it is going to be tight, yes you probably do need a center lane on Satterlee. I can see where it’s going to be slow getting out of there for sure, but I just think it’s going to be slow. That’s not speeding traffic, it’s slow. If you have an accident there, it’s not going to be life-threatening, and I think that the entry on M-57 will be curved enough.” The Planning Commission will review the issue again once the Branns have gone through their three variance requests with the Zoning Board of Appeals, and after they have met the necessary conditions as laid out at the request of the Commission. About the Author Cory Smith Cory is the Greenville beat reporter for The Daily News. He also covers the Carson City area and specializes in photography and multimedia. Cory is a hometown kid, having graduated from Greenville High School in 2004. He then went on to study journalism at Michigan State University where he also played trumpet and marched as a member of the Spartan Marching Band for four years. Cory Smith has written 1306 articles. Related Stories Greenville EZ Mart plan reviewed by Planning Commission Wednesday, April 1st, 2015 Posted in: G.Slider, Local, News Top Story No one can say the Greenville Planning Commission was not in the zone during Thursday night’s meeting. During the meeting, the Planning Commission discussed how to feasibly make an expansion request by the EZ Mart Mobil gas station fit the zoning standards of the city. Read More » Montcalm Community College gets site plan approval Friday, February 24th, 2012 Posted in: Greenville, Local, News Montcalm Community College (MCC) is able to move forward with its expansion of the Greenville campus. During Thursday night’s Greenville Planning Commission meeting, the commission approved MCC’s final site plan and a land use permit under certain conditions. Read More » Greenville Planning Commission looks at rezoning Friday, October 25th, 2013 Posted in: Local The Greenville Planning Commission is moving forward with the next step of a rezoning plan which could potentially set up part of the city for upstairs apartments above retail stores, while also placing design standards for new commercial buildings. Read More » Biggby, Culver’s may be coming to Greenville Monday, November 14th, 2016 Posted in: G.Slider, Local, News Top Story As the finishing touches are being placed on the soon-to-open Murphy Oil gas station, plans are in the works to add yet another commercial neighbor on the west end of town. Read More » Follow Us Facebook:   Twitter: Follow @greenvilledn Email Alerts: Coming Soon… Rate this Article VN:R_U [1.9.10_1130] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes)  0     CommentsCommenting Guidelines Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Name Email Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Videos Most Commented 59 Montcalm County gets homeland security snow cone machine 37 Alley Cat Bar & Grill owner charged with multiple sex crimes 11 JUST IN: Friday afternoon crash leaves at least 2 injured 10 Central Montcalm confiscates 550 laptops after security tampering News local politics business beat Sports local high school outdoors Classifieds Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Community forum calendar funeral notices submit news More video lottery photos Subscribe E-edition E-book NIE Stafford Media Solutions ®2011 advertise here contact us E-edition privacy policy sitemap terms Belding E-edition Carson City Greenville Lakeview Stanton Panhandle Edmore
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart, GM reaffirm jobs long planned, Trump says thanks By Reuters Published: 17:35 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 17:35 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail By Nandita Bose Jan 17 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc and General Motors Co on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding U.S. jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced $1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 U.S. jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized U.S. companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States and has put pressure on them to hire more U.S. workers. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!" Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday reacting to the moves. Bringing manufacturing back to the United States was a major theme in Trump's presidential campaign. In a separate tweet he said, "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'." Announcements by Wal-Mart and GM come as both companies are cutting jobs in the country, and their hiring, which was planned for some time, represent a small increase in their total U.S. workforce. German drugs and agriculture group Bayer and U.S. seeds company Monsanto Co also pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 U.S. jobs and add 3,000 new U.S. high-tech positions. . Both companies announced plans to create thousands of high-tech U.S. jobs previously when they announced their merger. Some of America's largest companies including General Motors, Lockheed Martin Corp and United Technologies Corp have been publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter. Many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have cut U.S. jobs or raised prices for consumers. Trump's criticism of Ford Motor Co on Twitter turned to praise after the carmaker scrapped a planned Mexican car factory and added 700 jobs in Michigan earlier this month. It has also forced overseas companies that sell in the U.S. market to lift their U.S. investment. Hyundai Motor Group said it plans to increase investment in the United States by 50 percent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant. NOT NEW Both Wal-Mart and GM's new U.S. job plans are also part of previously announced investment plans. Wal-Mart said it would create 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 percent of its U.S. workforce, this year as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan announced in October. General Motors said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories and move some production from Mexico - moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 U.S. workers. GM's announcements also reflected existing plans, not new decisions, company officials and the United Auto Workers union said on Tuesday. The UAW in a statement said the announcement "continues GM investments that have emerged as a result of the 2015 national bargaining agreement" between the union and the automaker. Both companies have also been cutting jobs recently. Wal-Mart has been letting thousands of U.S. employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. GM has also announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories in recent months. Most of Wal-Mart's 10,000 new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores that will be opened in the fiscal year beginning in February. The retailer opened 130 stores in the current fiscal year. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Additional reporting by Joe White in Detroit, Georgina Prodhan in Frankfurt, Karl Plume in Chicago and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Matthew Lewis) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 28° F Overcast Hi: 34° F Lo: 24° F 11 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines Trump’s immigration curbs no surprise, those affected say Updated: 6 mins ago DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Many citizens of Muslim-majority countries affected by President Donald Trump’s curbs on travel to the Un… Alaska volcano erupts again, sending up another ash cloud 8:27 pm ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — A volcano in Alaska’s Aleutian Islands has erupted again, sending a cloud of ash and ice particles 30,000 feet in t… Los Angeles freeway claims 3rd mountain lion in 2 months 8:27 pm Study says grass carp have invaded 3 of the Great Lakes 8:27 pm AP WAS THERE: 50 years ago, AP reported on fatal Apollo fire 8:26 pm Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 28° F Overcast Feels Like: 17° F Wind: W 14 Humidity: 69% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 8:01 AM Sunset: 6:04 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 28° F Overcast Hi: 34° F Lo: 24° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US Anne D'Innocenzio Published: January 17, 2017, 5:09 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” and took credit for bringing jobs “back into the U.S.” However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn’t have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. ________ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Kroger to add 10,000 jobs this year Macy’s to close stores, cut jobs amid weak sales 122 million people expected to shop online on Cyber Monday Three arrests made after $2,000 worth of merchandise stolen from Robinson Wal-Mart Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Photo Galleries Heroic actions help two escape Terre Haute apartment fire; victims listed in critical but stable condition Hello Santa! PHOTOS: Items confiscated by TSA Holiday shopping 2016: This year’s most dangerous toys Dec. 13: Snow in the Wabash Valley PHOTOS: Santa’s North Pole home valued at $656,957 Photos: Light Your Way Christmas Parade Go Orange to help support awareness for hunger problems Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Haircuts with a purpose; support members in your community battling cancer Photos: Halloween costumes for 2016 Latest News First human-pig embryos made in transplant research “From Womb to Tomb,” local group joins nationwide march Fire crews fight blaze in Brazil Search for cause of ‘suspicious’ Vermillion Fairground fire continues Wabash Valley county no longer number one in unemployment Two Terre Haute women busted on prostitution charges Thousands of rounds of ammo made fighting Edgar County fire impossible Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2017 Terre Haute TV, LLC . All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Business The New Economy What Wal-Mart's higher wages, better training mean for US retail shift in thinking Wal-Mart's plan to pay higher wages and invest more in training suggest a major shift in its business model. But to succeed, America's largest private employer may need to overcome steep mistrust from labor unions. Monitor's Best: Top 5 Why Republicans and Democrats see different things in an inauguration photo Difference Maker Almost all girls were cut in her Ethiopian village. Not anymore, thanks to her. Why police worry about Trump's 'sanctuary cities' crackdown Russia's decriminalization of domestic abuse: a sign of conservatives' influence? Is an Obamacare solution already staring Congress in the face? Popular Now US no longer a 'full democracy' in 2016 Democracy Index: Where do we go from here? Has a Harvard team solved the mystery of metallic hydrogen? Why Republicans and Democrats see different things in an inauguration photo Difference Maker Almost all girls were cut in her Ethiopian village. Not anymore, thanks to her. First Look Top officials at US State Department abruptly resign (+video) Photos of the day 01/27 SUBSCRIBE Job postings are shown outside a new Wal-Mart Super Center as the company opens its first store in Compton, Calif. on Jan. 10, 2017. Mike Blake/Reuters | Caption Fullscreen Loading... Patrick Reilly Staff | @PatrickfReilly January 17, 2017 —On Tuesday, Wal-Mart announced plans to hire approximately 10,000 US employees in 2017. This comes on the heels of hourly wage hikes from from $9 per hour – the current starting wage – to $10. But there's a catch: Employees will need to complete a six-month online training program called Pathways. The company is also building 200 “Academies,” where managers will need to attend hands-on training modules to be eligible for promotion. “When fully implemented, we expect to train about 225,000 people a year at these Academy facilities,” Scott Markley, a member of Wal-Mart’s Media Relations staff, tells The Christian Science Monitor in an email. Wal-Mart is making a fundamental shift in its business model: from low-cost, no-frills retailing, to investing in its workers to take a more customer-service oriented approach. In effect, America's largest private employer (with 1.1 million hourly workers) is now borrowing a page from the small, local stores that have been threatened by the arrival of big-box stores.  Wal-Mart is also trying to stave off competition from e-commerce firms, including Amazon, that have shuttered hundreds of stores from retailers like Sears and Macy’s. “They’re recognizing that the competition from the internet retailers like Amazon and so on can only be addressed by demonstrating that we’ve got really good customer service,” says Thomas Kochan, a professor at MIT’s Sloan School of Management. Minimum wage: States ranked from lowest to highest In 2015, this approach – along with years of pressure from activists – coincided with Wal-Mart raising its starting salary to $9 per hour.  The push for higher hourly wages is spreading across the US. In 2017, 19 states began the new year with higher minimum wages. Five states (Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Maine, and Washington) increased their rates through ballot initiatives, reports the National Conference of State Legislatures. But when large corporations like Wal-Mart need to pay a higher wage, it increases their incentive to make other improvements – and reduce worker turnover.  Higher wages at Wal-Mart means that “now they have to recoup that in higher levels of productivity of their employees,” MIT’s Professor Kochan tells the Monitor in a phone interview. “That’s where the training should make a contribution.” Kochan pointed out that other firms, including Costco and Trader Joe’s, have already strengthened training to improve customer service in the era of e-commerce. With the US’s largest retailer now focusing on productivity, other retail chains could follow suit. But first Wal-Mart may need to gain acceptance from both workers and consumers.  A 2011 Berkeley study found that the company could pay its workers $12 per hour, and only increase the cost of a typical shopping visit by 46 cents. In recent months, the company has coped with dwindling profit margins by cutting back at the corporate level, leaving both workers’ raises and customer savings intact. Gaining acceptance from labor activists will likely prove more difficult. “This is a deep-seated anti-union company, and all of its managers get trained in trying to identify any forms of worker unrest or organizing,” Kochan explains. Leaked company manuals and PowerPoints dating back to 1991 suggest that Wal-Mart has trained store managers to prevent unionization. Already, some labor unions see this as reason to dismiss the new "Academies," where Wal-Mart will send its managers for training. The United Food and Commercial Workers International union (UFCW) has organized – but not unionized – Wal-Mart employees through a campaign called Making Change at Wal-Mart. UFCW Local 1776 covers Pennsylvania’s Montgomery County, where one of the new Academies will be based. In a statement given to the Monitor, local president, Wendell W. Young, IV, argues: “These Wal-Mart Training Academies are too little, too late. Wal-Mart is well-known for their mistreatment of workers. As a result, Wal-Mart has attempted to rebrand themselves over and over again. These academies are just another gimmick with no real-world benefits for the workers. Wal-Mart is merely attempting to divert attention from the fact that they pay employees paltry wages and provide little benefits, leaving taxpayers to pick up the bill.” Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign-Up × If Wal-Mart continues to train managers to prevent unionization, labor activists will have little reason to change their stance. In addition, workers could see the anti-union policies as a sign of indifference, complicating the company’s larger push to improve customer service. As Kochan explains, “you can’t get there at the same time that you suppress worker voice … so tightly that workers are afraid to challenge management when they feel that their interests are at stake. So Wal-Mart has a long way to go, and it’s going to take a long time to change that culture." Did this story deliver on 'shift in thinking'? Thanks for your feedback. Great, thanks for your feedback. Please share this story! What'd we miss? × We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Submit Thank you for contacting The Christian Science Monitor. Next Up Minimum wage: States ranked from lowest to highest By Olivia Lowenberg How L.A. garment district shows promise and peril of higher minimum wage By Jessica Mendoza Focus Seattle's struggle to prosper and keep its soul By Chelsea Sheasley Photos of the Day Photos of the day 01/27 Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Chicago train study comes up short on state funding Holiday Inn near 3M HQ fetches $15M South Minneapolis Indian center seeks makeover U of M ponders new home for institute Just Sold: TPI buys site in Doran’s Maple Grove project United buys 24-acre site for Eagan development Six-story building planned in downtown Rochester Wellington is sole responder to Bassett Creek RFP MN Snapshot: Globe University sells Moorhead campus U.S. Bank CEO touts ‘resurgence’ in optimism Finance & Commerce News Business & Economy Construction & Development Economic Development Finance & Banking Real Estate Regional Planning & Transit Nation & World In Brief Finance & Commerce Regular Features Building Blocks How To Just Sold MN Snapshot Point Person Sustainable Top Transactions Special Sections Focus on Data Center Construction Focus on Commercial Real Estate Health Care Sector Transit-Oriented Development Investment Guide 2014 State of the Construction Industry Top Women in Finance Progress Minnesota Top Projects Twin Cities Tenant Cybersecurity Developing Healthcare Space Public Notices Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Events CRE Class Progress Minnesota Top Projects Top Women in Finance Advertising Advertise Digital Marketing Marketplace Reprints Subscribe Classifieds Trackers Rochester on the Rise Tracker Hotel Development and Sales Tracker Apartment Development Tracker Apartment Sales Tracker Home / Nation & World / Wal-Mart to add jobs, open new locations Wal-Mart to add jobs, open new locations By: The Associated Press January 17, 2017 5:12 pm 0 NEW YORK — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Share this: Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google 5:12 pm Tue, January 17, 2017 The Associated Press Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Latest Posts Chicago train study comes up short on state funding January 27, 2017 5:19 pm Holiday Inn near 3M HQ fetches $15M January 27, 2017 4:34 pm South Minneapolis Indian center seeks makeover January 27, 2017 4:20 pm U of M ponders new home for institute January 27, 2017 7:02 am Just Sold: TPI buys site in Doran’s Maple Grove project January 27, 2017 7:02 am United buys 24-acre site for Eagan development January 26, 2017 5:02 pm Six-story building planned in downtown Rochester January 26, 2017 4:47 pm Editors’ Picks Our best, right now. Chicago train study comes up short on state funding by Matt M. Johnson | Jan. 27 Holiday Inn near 3M HQ fetches $15M by Hank Long | Jan. 27 South Minneapolis Indian center seeks makeover by Brian Johnson | Jan. 27 U of M ponders new home for institute by Brian Johnson | Jan. 27 Just Sold: TPI buys site in Doran’s Maple Grove project by Anne Bretts | Jan. 27 In Brief It’s official: United team chosen for terminal redevelopment January 27, 2017 5:22 pm BMO selects Brian Jones as director January 26, 2017 4:43 pm Metro area construction starts rise in 2016 January 26, 2017 3:26 pm Textron pays $247M for Arctic Cat January 25, 2017 2:28 pm Twin Cities exec named state BBB president January 23, 2017 4:36 pm Features Legal Matters: Potential defense to construction defect claims January 26, 2017 7:02 am Building Blocks: Emerson Automation Solutions January 20, 2017 7:02 am Sustainable: Reducing the energy waste of ‘plug load’ January 3, 2017 7:01 am Building Blocks: 510 Marquette December 27, 2016 7:04 am Nation & World Study: Investing in the PawSox stadium likely won’t pay off January 27, 2017 5:23 pm TransCanada reapplies for Keystone XL January 27, 2017 5:23 pm Charlotte City Council rejects vote on soccer stadium January 27, 2017 5:22 pm U.S. economic growth slowed in fourth quarter January 27, 2017 1:42 pm Businesses boost spending on durable goods January 27, 2017 1:42 pm Get the Morning Memo Subscribe to F&C's free email alert and receive business news updates every weekday. Email Address * Twitter Buzz My Tweets Most-Read Content United buys 24-acre site for Eagan development Six-story building planned in downtown Rochester U of M ponders new home for institute Just Sold: TPI buys site in Doran’s Maple Grove project Wellington is sole responder to Bassett Creek RFP Top Women in Finance 2016 Top Projects of 2015 Awards Magazine Twin Cities Tenant — Fall 2016 Rochester’s Rx for growth: City has become investor destination Digital Edition The Digital Edition of Finance & Commerce is available to both print and online subscribers. Current edition Recent Comments b.hoyt@leasespace.com: LRT has nothing to do with transportation. It is an illegal... Hawt: Why doesn't he build his utopia in Detroit; it has already b... Robin Fischer: What if you just can not afford the space. We signed a 15 yr... My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Jan. 28, 2017 Digital Edition Study: Investing in the PawSox stadium likely won’t pay off TransCanada reapplies for Keystone XL Charlotte City Council rejects vote on soccer stadium It’s official: United team chosen for terminal redevelopment Finance and Commerce ABOUT CONTACT US ADVERTISE REPRINTS FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Copyright © 2017 Finance and Commerce | Suite 2300, Campbell Mithun Tower, 222 South Ninth Street, Minneapolis, MN 55402 | (612) 333-4244
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 37° Clear North Andover, MA (01845) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds. Low 31F. Winds WSW at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 8:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Merrimack Valley Methuen fentanyl trafficking case tossed after lab tests negative  By Jill Harmacinski jharmacinski@eagletribune.com  37 min ago New bill helps care for animals in cruelty cases New legislation aims to help those battling pulmonary hypertension Most local legislators vote in favor of pay hikes Pence: Life is winning in America Police: Tip leads to Haverhill man with loaded gun SLIDESHOW: Anti-abortion groups, protesters gather in Washington for March for Life rally Gov. Baker vetoes $18M pay raise bill Shen Yun concert trip planned Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Local Sports featured D'Urso siblings dominate in net for Andover High and Lowell Catholic +4 High School Hockey David Willis 19 hrs ago NORTHWARD BOUND: Local players to compete in "Little League World Series" of youth hockey Surging Sanborn: Statezni, senior leadership guiding Indians to new heights Merrimack Valley Conference gymnastics meet Ex-BC product has taken game to new heights Want to go Super Bowl? Go to bank first It's official: David Ortiz's number retirement on June 23 Memory of loss last winter sparks Central to statement victory over Andover Unlikely hero lifts North reading for CAL mat title Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Reunions Jan 22, 2017 Club News Community Calendar Substance abuse support group's quarterly meeting tonight Club News Community Calendar Reunions A Haverhill tradition: Church, synagogue join hands to honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. A Haverhill tradition: Church, synagogue join hands to honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion Sound off Jan 23, 2017 Like it or not, Trump's the president Congressional Republicans must decode Trump's remarks Salem land sale opposition has nothing to do water quality Our view: Lawmakers, governor must work together to close DA funding gap Sound Off Our view: Lawmakers should resist the urge to erase the past Sound Off Jack Clarke: Time to deliver on Baker's pledge of 1 percent for nature Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices AP Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US By MICHELLE CHAPMAN and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Business Writers Jan 17, 2017 NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday's announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. "Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration," said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for "starting the big push back in the U.S." and took credit for bringing jobs "back into the U.S." However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn't have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy's, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. ________ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Tags Business General News Hiring And Recruitment Personnel Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Labor Economy Economy Products And Services Corporate News Locations United States North America We have recently upgraded our commenting system. If you wish to comment please login using your social ID or create a new account. ADVERTISERS Featured Homes of the Week Tradine places in Massachusetts Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Woman, 23, dies in single-car crash in Methuen UPDATE: DA says Lawrence death is a homicide Lawrence police investigating Prospect Street death Haverhill woman charged in home invasion Chaos erupts at Ventura arraignment UPDATE: Injured passenger in fatal crash identified 17-year-old in custody after stolen vehicle pursuit in Methuen Councilor's son charged with rape, strangulation Derry man arrested on child porn charges Ex-Marine guilty in Haverhill shooting death of friend Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Latest Video MORE VIDEOS Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. Sections News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Close Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 52° Clear Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Testimony over, closing arguments set in Luna brothers’ trial After more than a week’s worth of testimony in the capital murder trial of former U.S. Border Patrol agent Joel Luna and his brother, Eduardo, closing arguments are expected to begin today. Posted: January 26 rss Texas News Long, storied history behind the footballs of the NFL Trump voters thrilled with promised action on border wall More delays in executions as some states find lethal drugs Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Cash 5' game Man convicted of killing 2 at Texas sandwich shop executed Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Serena, Venus say all-Williams Aussie final is a win-win AP New! MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — When a euphoric Venus Williams picked up the pace of her celebratory pirouette and the crowd responded with thunderous applause, Serena Williams waited quietly in the adjacent corridor for the buzz to subside. Posted: January 27 General News, Sports, Women's Tennis More From The Latest The Latest: Mattek-Sands and Safarova win women's doubles California once again on center stage with NFL on the move Political football: For some, Super Bowl reflects US divide Long, storied history behind the footballs of the NFL Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Jae C. Hong Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) Posted: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 2:55 pm | Updated: 3:15 pm, Tue Jan 17, 2017. Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US Associated Press | NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday's announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. "Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration," said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for "starting the big push back in the U.S." and took credit for bringing jobs "back into the U.S." However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn't have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy's, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. ________ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Trump's choice for labor secretary outsourced jobs ARTICLE: Trump's choice for labor secretary outsourced jobs ARTICLE: Al-Shabab, Kenya trade claims in morning attack in Somalia California once again on center stage with NFL on the move California once again on center stage with NFL on the move More about General News Serena, Venus say all-Williams Aussie final is a win-win Serena, Venus say all-Williams Aussie final is a win-win Serena, Venus say all-Williams Aussie final is a win-win Serena, Venus say all-Williams Aussie final is a win-win Serena, Venus say all-Williams Aussie final is a win-win More about Hiring And Recruitment ARTICLE: TransCanada makes new application for Keystone XL Ford CEO hopeful that Trump will ease gas mileage standards ARTICLE: Ford CEO hopeful that Trump will ease gas mileage standards Senate Democrats propose $1 trillion infrastructure plan Senate Democrats propose $1 trillion infrastructure plan Discuss Print Posted in Business on Tuesday, January 17, 2017 2:55 pm. Updated: 3:15 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Hiring And Recruitment, Personnel, Consumer Services, Consumer Products And Services, Labor Economy, Economy, Products And Services, Corporate News | Location Tags: United States, North America Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate Six factors driving the cost of your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Where to find rebates, tax credits an... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot bathroom design trends that don... Brandpoint (BPT) Plumbing the power of a powder room a... Brandpoint (BPT) Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Beyond the front door: The benefits o... Brandpoint (BPT) New neutrals dominate the color trend... Brandpoint (BPT) Bathroom renovations even the pickies... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 tips to help keep your home warm, c... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Las Resacas Apts. Remodeled 2bdrm/1ba 275 Morningside Rd. (956) 544-6462. Updated: January 25 Does Your Home Need a Home ? Buena Vista Mobile Updated: Yesterday Edinburg & Pharr TH style apt. 2 & 3/2 appl/ Updated: January 25 More Homes Cars 2016 GMC Canyon, Diesel, 4x4, Very Clean, Must Drive. Call posted: January 26 2013 M-B GLK SUV posted: January 26 2014 Ferrari California Conv, Very Fast, Must See. Call Eddie posted: January 26 More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Six factors driving the cost of your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Where to find rebates, tax credits an... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot bathroom design trends that don... Brandpoint (BPT) Plumbing the power of a powder room a... Brandpoint (BPT) Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Beyond the front door: The benefits o... Brandpoint (BPT) New neutrals dominate the color trend... Brandpoint (BPT) Bathroom renovations even the pickies... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 tips to help keep your home warm, c... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS WBXH-TV Hourly Forecast Information Editorials Contact Us NEWS Health Anchors and Reporters Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Hand It On Crime Stoppers Links Mentioned Investigators Slideshows Power of 9 9News This Morning WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines SFN Player of the Week Sportsline Friday Nite Pelicans Headlines Traffic Baton Rouge Area Traffic Incidents DOTD Road Closures and Traffic Cameras National Highway Traffic Safety Adminstration Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Community Stirrin It Up Recipes About Programming 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US By MICHELLE CHAPMAN and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Business Writers NEW YORK (AP) - Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday's announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. "Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration," said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for "starting the big push back in the U.S." and took credit for bringing jobs "back into the U.S." However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn't have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy's, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. ________ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, the actress who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94. Hale appeared in the courtroom drama on CBS from 1957 to 1966 and...More >> A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94More >> A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:45 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:45 GMT American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >> New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >> Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson became ill and waivered on his feet during a news conference Friday morningMore >> Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson says he is on a waiting list for a kidney transplant because of a condition he has been dealing with for 32 yearsMore >> Judge refuses to toss lawsuit on harsh CIA interrogation Judge refuses to toss lawsuit on harsh CIA interrogation A federal judge has refused to dismiss a lawsuit against two psychologists who designed the CIA's harsh interrogation methods used on terror detaineesMore >> A federal judge has refused to dismiss a lawsuit against two psychologists who designed the CIA's harsh interrogation methods used on terror detaineesMore >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences. More >> President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences.More >> Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight. More >> The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight.More >> Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to Washington More >> President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to WashingtonMore >> Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia.  More >> Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia. More >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agenda More >> President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agendaMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreat More >> President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreatMore >> Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world events More >> Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world eventsMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Walmart Outlines 2017 Goals For American Job Growth And Community Investment by Walmart Posted: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 at 3:38PM EST WASHINGTON -- Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer with nearly 1.5 million associates in the U.S., today will discuss company plans to create American jobs and invest in local communities across the country. The investments in the coming year will support an estimated 34,000 jobs through continued expansion and improvement in the company’s store network, as well as e-commerce services, while providing specialty training for more than 225,000 of the company’s frontline associates. The company and the Walmart Foundation, in conjunction with The U.S. Conference of Mayors, are also announcing grants through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund to advance sustainability and innovation in textile manufacturing. "Walmart is investing to better serve customers,” said Dan Bartlett, Walmart executive vice president for corporate affairs. “With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs. Our 2017 plans to grow our business – and our support for innovation in the textile industry – will have a meaningful impact across the county.” Walmart is planning $6.8 billion of capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which includes construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, as well as the expansion of new services such as Online Grocery Pickup. Walmart’s fiscal year begins Feb. 1; the company’s capital plans were first shared in October. Bartlett will discuss the company’s investments in job creation and associates -- and announce Innovation Fund grants to support the U.S. textile sector -- at the 85th Winter Meeting of the U.S. Conference of Mayors in Washington, D.C. Details are highlighted below. American Jobs Approximately 10,000 retail jobs created through the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam’s Club facilities as well as e-commerce services. An estimated 24,000 construction jobs supported through the opening of those facilities, plus the remodeling and improvement of existing U.S. facilities. Workforce Investment By July of this year, Walmart will open 160 new training Academies around the country, bringing the total number of Academies to 200. More than 225,000 associates will receive up to six weeks of specialty training and graduate from the academies in 2017. The Walmart Academies are a network of facilities where frontline hourly supervisors and assistant store managers receive hands-on training in retail fundamentals, leadership skills and the specifics of how to run individual store departments. The training is designed to help associates be successful in their careers and in meeting the changing needs of customers. U.S. Manufacturing Jobs The company’s investment in American jobs includes a 2013 commitment to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023, estimated to help create one million jobs.* Under the initiative, Walmart works with thousands of suppliers to help them gain access to the retailer’s shelves in stores and online. In the coming year, the program will continue to provide job-creating opportunities. Examples include: California Innovations, producer of the Ozark Trail “super cooler.” The Canadian company with U.S. operations is moving production of the cooler from China to a factory in Atlanta, Ga., creating 350 jobs. Edgewell Personal Care, a maker of personal hygiene products, which is bringing production from Canada to Dover, Del., creating 272 jobs. Renfro Corporation, which will create a total of 442 jobs as a result of a deal to produce athletic socks in Fort Payne, Ala. Textile Industry Innovation This year, the Walmart Foundation will provide $3 million in grants through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund to six leading universities working to advance sustainability and innovations in textile manufacturing, which has proven to be one of the most challenging industries to reshore to the U.S. Through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have funded $10 million in grants since 2014. The 2017 Innovation Fund grant recipients will be announced as part of Bartlett’s remarks to U.S. mayors: Washington State University: to establish a sustainable process to recycle cotton waste by fiber regeneration using a wet spinning technique. North Carolina State University: to create a universal and sustainable commercial textile dyeing method that doesn't use salt or alkali; doesn’t produce effluent; and produces more than 95 percent savings of both energy and water. Clemson University: for development of sustainable polyester fibers that achieve a high level of water and oil repellency. Oregon State University: to develop a sustainable, cost-effective dyeing and printing of smart fabrics process. Texas Tech University: to support research on various aspects of textile manufacturing, dyeing efficiency and specialty finishes. University of Massachusetts Lowell: to develop magnetic dyeing technology to address the technical and environmental issues of current dyeing techniques. * Based on data from Boston Consulting Group. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,593 stores under 63 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.4 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Source: Walmart Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
January 27, 2017 | 80° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Business Breaking| Top News Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. Associated Press Posted January 17, 2017 January 17, 2017 Updated January 17, 2017 11:22am ASSOCIATED PRESS A worker pushed shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. in May 2013. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. NEW YORK >> Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said today that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Today’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans today to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” and took credit for bringing jobs “back into the U.S.” However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn’t have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced today that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Body found on side of H-1 westbound in Kalihi ‘Peace’ woman jumps to soothe, delight by waving along Pali DOE deputy Stephen Schatz accepts UH position In Trump’s White House, a day of confusion and change Prosecutor: Businessman invokes Trump in attack on Muslim airline employee 4 comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. Because only subscribers are allowed to comment, we have your personal information and are able to contact you. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. kennie1933 says: January 17, 2017 at 11:27 am Interesting in light of how many other retailers are closing brick and mortar stores. I think the future is investing in delivery companies like UPS or FedEx or any upstart company that can do delivery cheaper or faster. Online purchasing is soon going to be the way most of us will purchase things as long as you don’t need it right away. Log in to Reply 808comp says: January 17, 2017 at 12:05 pm I think you’re right, i kinda got hooked ordering online especially with Amazon. Log in to Reply MillionMonkeys says: January 17, 2017 at 1:47 pm Whenever I’m out shopping and see something interesting on the shelf, I look it up on my smart phone to see what other users think of that product (and I see a lot of other people beside me doing the same). I can’t help noticing that it’s $20 cheaper if I order from Amazon. So if it’s something I can wait a week for, guess where I’m buying it from and guess which shipping company gets a little extra business? Log in to Reply MillionMonkeys says: January 17, 2017 at 1:41 pm “Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” and took credit for bringing jobs “back into the U.S.” However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn’t have moved elsewhere anyway.” For all the undereducated complaining that the “liberal media” unfairly reports in a way to discredit Trump, isn’t it nice that they buried this way down at the end of the article? They could easily have made the headline: “Trump lies, takes undeserved credit for Walmart decision to add 10,000 jobs in the US.” But the mainstream media is generally fair and balanced. Sometimes, when an article makes a person look bad or stoopid, it’s because what that person did or said was bad or stoopid. Log in to Reply Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Finding Shelter From Trump's Tweet Storm By Brooke Sutherland Photographer: Mark Lyons/Getty Images Autos Brooke Sutherland Brooke Sutherland is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals. She previously wrote an M&A column for Bloomberg News. Follow @blsuth Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Jan 17, 2017 3:08 PM EST GENERAL MOTORS CO -0.51 At Closing, Jan 27th 37.01 USD WAL-MART STORES INC -1.07 At Closing, Jan 27th 65.66 USD Dealing with Donald Trump's Twitter rants is a new phenomenon for U.S. companies. For many of his favorite targets, creating jobs isn't. General Motors Co. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. on Tuesday became the latest corporations to talk up the part they're playing in the president-elect's plan to become "the greatest jobs producer that God ever created." GM largely just summed up U.S. spending plans that had been in the works for a while, but it did so with panache, touting a $1 billion headline number and pledging to create or retain (emphasis on retain) about 7,000 jobs. Only about 2,000 of those will be in factories. Wal-Mart, meanwhile, celebrated the planned addition of 10,000 retail jobs, even as it expands its store count at a slower pace. Times They Are A'Changing Wal-Mart spiked on its jobs plan, but last year when it said it was closing 269 stores and putting 10,000 U.S. jobs at risk , the shares faltered in part because some investors didn't think the closures went far enough. Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Wal-Mart and GM aren't the first companies to retool past plans into a good PR moment. Honestly, given how easily companies can turn Trump's ire into praise with a few "big league" numbers, more power to them. This time two weeks ago, Trump was openly attacking GM on Twitter, claiming (without context, according to the company) that it made Chevrolet Cruze vehicles sold in the U.S. in Mexico. By midday on Tuesday, Trump had already tweeted his thanks to the company. Moving on!  Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017 These are real jobs that are being preserved or created, and that is a good thing. But while such announcements have taken on new meaning in the wake of Tweet Storm Trump, GM and Wal-Mart have been making them since well before he came along and neither company is demonstrating a significant shift in strategy. Here is a sampling. In August 2014, GM said it would move production of the Cadillac SRX sport-utility vehicle from Mexico to a Tennessee facility. A contract signed in 2015 with the United Auto Workers union included a commitment by GM to invest $8.3 billion in U.S. factories in total and create or retain (there's that word again) more than 3,300 jobs. GM has also cut a number of jobs, often in response to shifting demand -- see here and here -- but the net effect on U.S. employment in the wake of the financial crisis has been positive.  Digging Out of a Hole GM had to be bailed out by the U.S. government in 2009. Since then, it's been adding jobs. Source: Bloomberg, company filings GM says it's invested more than $21 billion in its U.S. operations since 2009. The planned $1 billion in spending actually pales in comparison to the $2.9 billion of investments announced in 2016.  Wal-Mart, like most retailers, has had to close stores to cope with the shift to online shopping, and with that has come job cuts. But the company has still managed to keep its overall U.S. employment flat to trending upward following the financial crisis. A Sam's Club opening in Ankeny, Iowa, in May 2015 brought 160 jobs to the area, while a location in El Paso that opened earlier that year added 170 positions. Neither of those sound particularly impressive on their own, but those jobs add up over time. Then, of course, there is Wal-Mart's decision to raise minimum wages for its employees. All Aboard Wal-Mart has kept employment in the U.S. generally flat over the past few years, a feat at a time when many retailers are shutting stores Source: Bloomberg, company filings There are real issues undermining an American manufacturing revival and focusing on nice-sounding jobs announcements keeps us from addressing them. While Trump has spent plenty of time railing against companies that manufacture goods in Mexico, he's failed to give a solid answer as to how he will manage an ongoing effort to automate more factory work. Robots are coming for U.S. jobs. United Technologies Corp. CEO Greg Hayes acknowledged as much after "saving" 800 positions at the company's Carrier unit. The automation trend was implicit in the fact that Ford Motor Co.'s $700 million Michigan investment plan will create just 700 jobs. Meanwhile, Carrier is still moving some jobs to Mexico and GM hasn’t backed away from its plan to invest $5 billion in Mexico plants by 2018. Companies know how to play the job-creation and press-release games. Does Trump? This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. Reynolds American Inc. on Tuesday claimed that its takeover by British American Tobacco Plc could increase -- yes, increase -- job growth potential. To contact the author of this story: Brooke Sutherland in New York at bsutherland7@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net Over It Over It Honeywell cut its overall revenue guidance for 2017 and investors were unfazed as they focused on other things Source: Bloomberg Bottom Line Honeywell Delivers Where It Counts Industrials Brooke Sutherland Weak Spot Google Has a Chink in Its Ad Armor Tech Shira Ovide Share Of Memory Chip Business Toshiba Might Sell 20% Yum Toshiba Chips Make for Tasty Chinese Takeout Tech Tim Culpan Mo' Money Mo' Money The swell of assets chasing hedge fund strategies has been too much for the industry to bear Source: Bloomberg Smart Money Harvard Goes Back to Hedge Fund Basics Markets Nir Kaissar Publicis shares, intraday +1.01% Au Revoir Levy Ends an Era Management Leila Abboud Hello ECB We Have a Problem With You Here Hello ECB We Have a Problem With You Here Inflation is anathema to Germans and with elections this September the heat is on Source: Bloomberg Big Jump German Inflation's Back. Look Out, Bonds Markets Marcus Ashworth Rearview Mirror Rearview Mirror Favored sectors for buyout deals may be completely different under a new tax code, compared to last year Source: Preqin Private Equity Online *Data is global. 54% of all private equity-backed buyout deals in 2016 were for assets located in North America Code Blues Private Equity's Taxing Times Deals Gillian Tan Happy Days Happy Days Tesco needs Booker to kickstart its stalling recovery Source: Bloomberg Intelligence, Company Reports Excludes sales paid for using vouchers Left-Field Deal Tesco's Cunning Succession Plan Consumer Andrea Felsted Caffeine Jolt Caffeine Jolt Starbucks shares posted their first annual drop since 2008 but still outperformed the restaurant industry Source: Bloomberg Drip, drip A Slow Brew at Starbucks Consumer Shelly Banjo Bad News Bad News Wealth-management worries hit UBS' share price on Friday, dragging down rival Credit Suisse Intraday times are displayed in ET. Swiss Banking UBS Misses Out on the Trump Bump Finance Lionel Laurent Defying Gravity Defying Gravity India's top three private-sector lenders have consistently boosted their net interest margins to a point where investors underestimate the likelihood of a compression Source: Bloomberg *Data are for standalone banks. Mirror, Mirror Ugly's Coming for India's Best Banks Finance Andy Mukherjee Gambling Whale Gambling Whale More than a third of Macau's hotel rooms are in Sands China properties Source: Company reports and websites cheap shot Don't Bet Against Adelson Consumer David Fickling Value of Ant Financial's purchase of MoneyGram $880M Better Together Alibaba, U.S. Have Aligned Interests Tim Culpan Consecutive Quarters of 13%+ Net Revenue Growth at Alphabet 12 Your Ad Here Google Rides One-Trick Pony Tech Shira Ovide Ailing Ailing Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb took another hit after it lowered guidance for 2017 Source: Bloomberg Prey Time Bristol-Myers Goes From Hunter to Target Health Max Nisen Air Products' bid premium to Yingde stock 17% Failure to Launch Someone Should Goad Yingde Deals Nisha Gopalan The Next $100 Billion Deal Charter? Tuning In Verizon's Pipe Dream Deals Tara Lachapelle Back It Up Back It Up Caterpillar is trading at a premium to its average Ebitda valuation over the past five years, despite repeated efforts to indicate how struggles in its main markets will persist throughout the year Source: Bloomberg Listen Up Hey Investors, Caterpillar Is Talking to You Industrials Brooke Sutherland Money Flows Money Flows China's Ant Financial is acquiring MoneyGram, which many immigrants use to transfer money from the U.S. back home to their families. Here are the world's top 10 remittance-receiving countries: Source: World Bank MoneyGram Deal Jack Ma Takes Aim at Trump's Wall Deals Tara Lachapelle Trump Droptimism Trump Droptimism Biotech shares and the stock of the leading independent pharmacy benefit manager soared with Donald Trump's election, but have given those gains back as he has proven to be less friendly than expected Source: Bloomberg Nudge Report Tom Price Cracks the Drug-Price Negotiation Door Health Max Nisen Losing Ground Losing Ground Unilever's stale strategy has opened up its gap with Nestle Source: Bloomberg Too Much Fat Unilever Drags its Feet Consumer Andrea Felsted J&J is paying $30 billion Scarcity Value J&J Wrung Out Health Chris Hughes EBay 4Q gross merchandise volume $22.3 billion Window Dressing EBay, Time to Go Shopping Consumer Shelly Banjo Two Step Two Step Ericsson and Nokia shares have been slammed as sales declined by double digits last year. Source: Bloomberg Impatient Capitalism Ericsson Needs to Get Its Skates On Tech Leila Abboud The Crude Effect on Russia The Crude Effect on Russia As oil has recovered so has the ruble Source: Bloomberg Party Like a Russian Russia's Smoldering Bond Romance Markets Marcus Ashworth
Home News Grand Rapids Allegan County Barry County Ionia County Kent County Kzoo and BC Muskegon County Montcalm County Ottawa County Southwest Mich Michigan National To The Point Live video Gas Prices Traffic Conditions Weather Alerts Almanac Bill’s Blog Closings & Delays Current Conditions Forecast Power Outages Radar Rivers Satellite SatRad Severe Webcams Target 8 Report It Photo Galleries Sports Michigan Sports Scores Red Wings Griffins Pistons NCAA Hoops Lions NCAA Football River Bank Run High School Tigers Whitecaps Football Frenzy eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal A New You Contests Entertainment Social Sizzle Community Connecting With Community Awards Calendar Pet of the Week More Blogs Email Alerts Text Alerts School Closing Emails Weather Warn Emails Submit Your Closing Mobile apps and sites About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Drone 8 Obituaries 28° F Overcast Hi: 33° F Lo: 28° F Forecast Radar Bill’s Blog 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Grand Rapids Allegan County Barry County Ionia County Kent County Kzoo and BC Muskegon County Montcalm County Ottawa County Southwest Mich Michigan National To The Point Live video Gas Prices Traffic Conditions Featured: News Links President Trump's first 100 days Weekly Quiz Latest Headlines Victim of tainted steroids hopes to see justice in Boston trial Updated: 10 mins ago Pharmacy owner Barry Cadden faces federal charges that include racketeering and 25 counts second-degree murder. US-Mexico trade war could hit Mexico economy, spur migration 7:59 pm Economists say Trump risks a trade war that could lead to huge surge in Mexican migration to the United States. Federal judge again blocks Texas fetal remains rules 6:34 pm GR honors local astronaut killed in first NASA disaster 6:20 pm Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists Updated: 19 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Bill’s Blog Closings & Delays Current Conditions Forecast Power Outages Radar Rivers Satellite SatRad Severe Webcams Current Conditions 28° F Overcast Feels Like: 16° F Wind: W 16 Humidity: 72% Dewpoint: 20° F Sunrise: 8:01 AM Sunset: 5:49 PM Grand Rapids Weather Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: Target 8 Report It Photo Galleries Sports Sports Michigan Sports Scores Red Wings Griffins Pistons NCAA Hoops Lions NCAA Football River Bank Run High School Tigers Whitecaps Football Frenzy Latest Headlines Why Griffin Dan Cleary hasn’t played a game this season 6:12 pm While the Red Wings great regularly practices with the Griffins he has yet to grace the ice at game time this season. USA Fat Bike National Championship comes to Grand Rapids January 26, 2017 Sunshine, rain or snow, a big bike race is scheduled for Saturday in Grand Rapids. Jim Harbaugh poses for photo with man who hit him with mail truck as a kid January 26, 2017 Missing Bertuzzi and Callahan, Griffins lose to Wild January 25, 2017 Matthews’ 23rd goal helps Maple Leafs beat Red Wings January 25, 2017 eightWest eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal A New You Contests Entertainment Social Sizzle Latest Headlines Tough health advice? Just Ask Mary! January 27, 2017 eightWest staff Mary Free Bed talks about health and wellness. Head and neck cancer: Treatment options and information January 27, 2017 eightWest staff Cancer and Hematology Centers of West Michigan visits eightWest. Chiaroscuro International Film Series at UICA January 27, 2017 eightWest staff It’s time to register for Art Van Ladies Night Out January 27, 2017 eightWest staff GRPS supt. agreed to all-expenses-paid trip to support DeVos January 26, 2017 Ken Kolker, Target 8 investigator Community Community Connecting With Community Awards Calendar Pet of the Week Latest Headlines KCAS Pets of the Week: Little Mama and Mary 1:39 pm This week’s pets of the week are looking for a good home. Tough health advice? Just Ask Mary! 11:42 am Mary Free Bed talks about health and wellness. Over $1 Million in Scholarships Available January 26, 2017 The Art Van 68 Day Challenge: How to get involved January 25, 2017 Ottawa County Students Hold Summit for Suicide Prevention January 25, 2017 More Blogs Email Alerts Text Alerts School Closing Emails Weather Warn Emails Submit Your Closing Mobile apps and sites About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Drone 8 Obituaries Search for: Search the site 28° F Overcast Hi: 33° F Lo: 28° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US MICHELLE CHAPMAN and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 4:08 pm Updated: January 17, 2017, 4:18 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (AP File Photo) Related Coverage Wal-Mart plans to slow new store openings, invest in online Wal-Mart closing 154 US stores, including 2 in MI GM announces $1B factory investment, new jobs NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” and took credit for bringing jobs “back into the U.S.” However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn’t have moved elsewhere anyway. Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017 Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest More LinkedIn Tumblr Reddit Related Posts The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power HP expands recall of laptop batteries for fire, burn hazard Internet is the new anchor: Woodland Mall Sears closing Thanksgiving Day shopping: Who will be open? Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending now on WOODTV.com Photo Galleries Photos: Local First LocalMotion Awards 2017 Photos: Mary Tyler Moore through the years Photos: Harlem Globetrotters 2017 World Tour Photos: West MI VEX Regional Robotics Championship Photos: Kids & Family Expo 2017 Featured on eightWest Tough health advice? Just Ask Mary! Head and neck cancer: Treatment options and information Chiaroscuro International Film Series at UICA It’s time to register for Art Van Ladies Night Out GRPS supt. agreed to all-expenses-paid trip to support DeVos Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WOODTV.com © 1998-2017 woodtv.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Community eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal a New You Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Report Children’s TV Report Partners WOTV 4 Women Media General Station About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Jobs at WOOD TV8 Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Apple Rally After Trump Pans GOP Border Adjustment Tax Wal-Mart and other retail stocks rallied Tuesday after President-elect Trump criticized a House GOP plan to tax imports. (Walmart) JED GRAHAM 1/17/2017 Reprints After a solid month of bad news, Wal-Mart (WMT), Best Buy (BBY), Dollar Tree (DLTR) and other retail stocks were among the biggest winners on Tuesday as doubts emerged over President-elect Donald Trump's plan to slash corporate taxes. Apple (AAPL) also may be seeing a benefit from a disagreement between Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan over how to make a big corporate tax cut fiscally viable. Even as doubts about tax reform helped drag down broad stock market indexes on Tuesday, retailers bucked the trend. Wal-Mart rose 1.9% to 68.42 on the stock market today. Best Buy climbed 2.4% to 44.88 and Dollar Tree jumped 3.1% to 79.51. Gap (GPS) rose 2.1% to 24.15. Meanwhile, Apple edged up 0.8% to 120, extending its breakout past a 118.12 buy point to a 14-month high. A plan backed by Ryan and other House GOP leaders would raise more than $1 trillion by imposing a 20% tax on imports, while making exports tax-free and lowering the federal corporate tax rate to 20%. Trump, in an interview with the Wall Street Journal published Monday, took issue with Ryan's approach. Trump criticized the border-adjusted tax as "too complicated" and said it could result in "a bad deal." While prospects for corporate tax reform have been one of the key drivers of the Trump stock market rally, financial markets and Wall Street analysts see Ryan's border-adjusted tax as bad news for big importers, with retailers especially hard hit. RBC Capital Markets analyst Scott Ciccarelli found that a 20% import tax could wipe out profits at Best Buy and raise Wal-Mart's tax bill by close to $10 billion. While Apple stands to be the biggest beneficiary of a reduced tax rate on profits held overseas, UBS analyst Steve Milunovich has estimated that the company could actually see an earnings drop under the full House GOP approach. Not only would the company face a tax on the value of iPhones it imports to sell in the U.S., but the value of foreign earnings could shrink in dollar terms. IBD'S TAKE: The House GOP tax reform that Trump is considering would likely help foreigners holding U.S. stocks and hit U.S. investors in foreign investments, such as Alibaba's ADRs or overseas ETFs. Trump's chief problem with Ryan's plan appears to be the consensus that a 20% tax on all imports would lead to a significant appreciation of the dollar vs. other currencies. In weekend comments, he specifically called out China and its weakening currency. "Our companies can't compete with them now because our currency is too strong. And it's killing us," Trump said. Trump's comments sent the U.S. dollar index skidding 1.2%, while gold rose 1.6%. The 10-year Treasury yield fell to 2.33%, the lowest since late November, and closed below its 50-day moving average for the first time since late September. Trump has vowed to level the playing field for U.S.-based producers by imposing tariffs, threatening a 35% border tax on automakers producing in Mexico for the U.S. market. But he's skeptical of Ryan's approach because economists expect the 20% tax on imports to lead the U.S. dollar to appreciate vs. foreign currencies, neutralizing any competitive advantage from imposing an import tax. Trump's disagreement with Ryan raises a number of questions. If he doesn't back the border-adjusted tax plan, how will the GOP offset the cost of tax reform? Offsets are needed because legislation passed on a partisan basis in the Senate via reconciliation must be budget neutral after the 10th year. Further, does Trump's dismissal of Ryan's plan mean that he's more likely to make good on his threat to hit imports from Mexico and China with 35% to 45% tariffs? Such a fallback could pose even greater risks to retailers and Apple than the border adjustment tax. RELATED: Trump Trade, Tax Talk Hits Dollar As Mexico Warns On Tariffs Bank Stock Losses Intensify After Trump Rips GOP Tax Plan   JED GRAHAM | Facebook | @IBD_JGraham Share this: Related news Several chip manufacturers blasted higher Friday on upbeat quarterly earnings reports, including STMicroelectronics and Maxim Integrated Products. (GrayMark/Shutterstock) STMicro, Maxim Integrated Products Among Big Chip Gainers 5:26 PM ET Several chip manufacturers blasted higher Friday on upbeat quarterly earnings reports, including STMicroelectronics and Maxim Integrated Products. 5:26 PM ET Several chip manufacturers blasted higher Friday on upbeat quarterly earnings... Trump Tax Fears: Wal-Mart, Target, Macy's Hit New Lows Treasury Might Write Checks To Boeing Under GOP Tax Reform Apple iPhone Loses No. 1 Position In China Smartphone Market Nasdaq Scores 1.9% Weekly Gain; Facebook, Apple Steady Ahead Of Earnings The Only Thing Investors Have To Fear Is No Fear Itself Comcast Joins Apple, Netflix As Stock Splits Rarer Why Tax Reform Could End In Tears For Trump And GOP Nasdaq Edges Up; Why Apple Is Emerging As A Big Cap Leader Again Today's Spotlight Capture Top Stocks in 2017 Hear O’Neil protégé David Ryan discuss current market action and his routine to find winning stocks. New IBD App Download our new free iOS and Android App! It’s a faster, cleaner, and mobile optimized experience. Investors and Fear As the Dow hits 20,000, it’s “America First” in a fast-paced twitter shot calling world on tax and trade policy. But what does it all mean for investors? More News Who needs a centerpiece kitchen when there are delivery services like Blue Apron or Amazon Prime Now? (Perry Mastrovito/Newscom) Why These Luxury-Home Features May Go The Way Of The Carriage House (© adrenalinapura/stock.adobe.com) The Only Thing Investors Have To Fear Is No Fear Itself Exploring independence: Why do advisors choose the RIA model? Promoted Content By Schwab Advisor Services Special Report 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review Get the right "recipe" for making money in 2017 with stocks, ETFs, mutual funds and bonds. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Iowa state employees being asked to give up raises Cedar Rapids police officer Jones remains on paid administrative leave Marion vaults to No. 1 for first time Independence closes strong at West Delaware for 47-24 Clash of Highway 20 victory Potential of Cedar Rapids-owned properties examined: 152 sites available now for redevelopment City High rec basketball league brings noise Podcast: On Iowa Politics talks new Iowa Democratic Leadership, and President Trump's first week Iowa City woman accused of threatening student newspaper employees U.N. tiptoes around Trump stance on torture, refugees Regulations add hurdles to drilling on Native American reservations Wal-Mart pledges to create 10,000 jobs in U.S. this year Part of previously announced plan by company Video Photo Shopping carts are seen outside a new Wal-Mart Express store in Chicago July 26, 2011. (REUTERS/John Gress/Files) By By Nandita Bose and Sruthi Ramakrishnan, Reuters Jan 17, 2017 at 2:22 pm | Print View Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will create about 10,000 jobs in the United States this year as part of a previously announced plan, it said on Tuesday, as President-elect Donald Trump puts pressure on companies to hire more U.S. workers. The world’s largest retailer joined companies like General Motors Co and Amazon.com Inc, which have rushed to announce their plans to add U.S. jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized U.S. companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States. The additional jobs at Wal-Mart, the largest private U.S. employer, would represent less than 1 percent of its U.S. workforce of about 1.5 million and are consistent with its hiring in previous years. Most of the new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores announced in October as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan for the fiscal year beginning in February. Store openings will decline from 130 this year. Wal-Mart hopes to offset that drop by adding positions for e-commerce services like online grocery pickup, a spokesman said. The new stores in the next fiscal year will also support about 24,000 construction jobs. “We view this as an opportunity to participate in an ongoing conversation about the private sector’s role and address the contribution we are making to the community,” Wal-Mart spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said. Wal-Mart’s announcement comes as it has been letting thousands of U.S. employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. The company said last week that it would cut hundreds of human resources jobs and last year announced plans to eliminate thousands of back-office positions. Wal-Mart said it had offered “customer-facing jobs” to many of those workers. Other companies have also announced plans to add or save jobs. GM said on Tuesday that it would invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories and move some production from Mexico, moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 U.S. workers. German drug and pesticide maker Bayer AG, which is buying U.S. seed company Monsanto Co, pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 U.S. jobs and add 3,000 new U.S. high-tech positions. Trump has taken credit for these statements. “With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing ‘big stuff,’” he tweeted on Tuesday. Wal-Mart also said that by July, it would open 160 training academies, adding to the 40 it already has. More than 225,000 workers will receive up to six weeks of specialty training and graduate from the academies in the coming fiscal year, the company said. Your next Business articles Grassley talks farming with school kids, ... In contrast to fellow tech start up Uber ... After months of close calls, Dow finally ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Retail sales Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Directory Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/ladailynews Home â News â Business â Economy â Retail sales Wal-Mart to add 10,000 retail jobs File photo by Frederic Brown, AFP/Getty Images. By Michelle Chapman and Annie D’Innocenzio , AP Business Writers Posted: 01/17/17, 12:03 PM PST | Updated: 1 week, 2 days ago # Comments NEW YORK — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. It said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. Advertisement It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LA Daily News Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © LA Daily News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES RETAIL January 28, 2017 | Last updated less than one minute ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: UAE in India Miss Universe DSF Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2017 The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies Gold Rate Sectors Markets Automotives Banking Construction Employment Features General Investment Media Careers Energy Retail Shipping Technology Telecoms Tourism Renewables Aviation Live Flights Economy Property GN Property Money Visas Analysis Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus This company is hiring 10,000 people in 2017 President-elect Donald Trump puts pressure on companies to hire more US workers Published: 23:25 January 17, 2017 Reuters   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Wal-Mart Stores Inc said it would create about 10,000 jobs in the United States this year, about the same as in previous years, as President-elect Donald Trump puts pressure on companies to hire more US workers. Most of Wal-Mart's new jobs will be in 59 new stores planned for the fiscal year beginning in February as well as in e-commerce services, the retailer said on Tuesday. The new stores will also support about 24,000 construction jobs. The additional retail jobs would represent less than 1 percent of Wal-Mart's US workforce of about 1.5 million. US automakers, Amazon.com Inc and other companies have announced plans to create US jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized US companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States. General Motors Co said on Tuesday that it would invest an additional $1 billion in its US factories and move some production from Mexico. Wal-Mart said the number of its new jobs would be consistent with previous years. They will be part of a previously announced $6.8 billion capital expenditure plan, which includes construction and remodeling of stores and distribution centers, for the fiscal year starting on Feb. 1. "Our 2017 plans to grow our business ... will have a meaningful impact on the country," Executive Vice President Dan Bartlett said in a statement. Wal-Mart also said that by July, it would open 160 training academies, adding to the 40 it already has. More than 225,000 workers will receive up to six weeks of specialty training and graduate from the academies in the coming fiscal year, the company said. tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsRetail tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGN FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Global brands take on many forms in UAE 02Alshaya takes 100,000 sq ft at Al Khail Avenue 03Marka announces licensing pact with Real Madrid Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Inside Emirates airline's engineering hangar Sep 20, 2015 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 9Images Pictures: Mohammad Bin Zayed in Mumbai Feb 13, 2016 34Images Dubai Shopping Festival 2012 in pictures Jan 31, 2012 10Images LG unveils flagship V20 smartphone Sep 07, 2016 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Mohammad concludes three-day India visit No visa-free facility for Indians here... Kuwait executes Shaikh Faisal, 6 others Miss Universe: Vote for your candidate here Trump to limit access for certain immigrants 8 things to stop wasting money on Drugs worth Dh46m seized in Sharjah How to buy fresh fish: official explains What's special this Indian Republic Day Close Recommended For You Miss Universe: Vote for your candidate herePUBLISHED ON Jan 24, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wal-Mart's Slowdown Gets Repackaged as a Growth Plan by Molly Smith @MollySmithNews More stories by Molly Smith January 17, 2017, 9:44 AM EST January 17, 2017, 2:27 PM EST Chain adding 10,000 retail jobs, less than 1% of U.S. total Retailer reiterates $6.8 billion target for capital spending Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s slowdown in opening new stores -- part of an effort to cope with sluggish brick-and-mortar sales -- is now being touted as a growth plan. On Tuesday, the company announced its intention to open, expand or relocate 59 Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations this year. While that adds 10,000 retail jobs, the expansion is far smaller than in many previous years and would increase its headcount by less than 1 percent in the U.S. Wal-Mart faces more pressure to show that it’s creating U.S. jobs ahead of Friday’s inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump, who has made the issue a signature of his campaign. In a statement Tuesday, Wal-Mart pointed to a plan for $6.8 billion in U.S. capital spending, including the construction of stores and distribution centers, though it previously announced that number last year. “Trump is not afraid to get out in the press and tweet,” said Brian Yarbrough, an analyst at Edward Jones. “This is another sign of them trying to get out in front of things.” Investors applauded the approach, sending Wal-Mart’s shares up as much as 3.2 percent to $69.29. The gain was the biggest intraday increase since May and moved the stock into positive territory for the year. Wal-Mart is the largest private employer in the U.S., casting a big spotlight on the company as Trump heads for the White House. It has almost 1.5 million workers in the U.S., out of 2.3 million total. In addition to the 10,000 retail positions, the new and expanded stores will bring an estimated 24,000 construction jobs this year, the company said. ‘Be Selective’ “We’re going to be selective in what we’re opening,” said Randy Hargrove, a spokesman for the Bentonville, Arkansas-based company. “We know we’re driving our U.S. growth.” The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter The company joins many of the largest U.S. businesses in boasting about job creation. General Motors Co. announced a $1 billion investment plan on Tuesday, though the money mostly came from models and plants that have been long in the works. The nation’s top automaker said it will add or retain about 7,000 salaried and hourly workers, including almost 2,000 in domestic factories. Last week, Amazon.com Inc. vowed to hire more than 100,000 people in the U.S. in the next 18 months. Trump saluted GM and Wal-Mart in a tweet on Tuesday, thanking them for “starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!” But when Wal-Mart originally announced its capital-spending plan in October, it was characterized as a slowdown of new store openings. The company told investors it would count more on e-commerce and existing stores. Wal-Mart “plans to slow new-store openings, while increasing investments in e-commerce, technology, store remodels and other customer initiatives,” the company said at the time. Supplier Push The customer initiatives include Wal-Mart’s pledge to invest $250 billion in products that support the creation of American jobs by 2023 -- a commitment that remains on track, said Dan Bartlett, executive vice president of corporate affairs. “We’re aggressively pursuing to remove barriers to make manufacturing in the United States as strong as possible,” Bartlett said Tuesday at the U.S. Conference of Mayors in Washington. The traditionally brick-and-mortar retailer also has made a big e-commerce push, including last year’s $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com. While the acquisition seems to have helped boost online sales growth, Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon said on Tuesday that there’s still a long way to go. “We gave some others a head start -- we’re trying to catch up,” McMillon said at the annual World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. “We have to build technology into the company more than ever before and become more of a digital enterprise. That requires different ways of working.” Publicity aside, Wal-Mart doesn’t really need to add a bunch of new stores, Yarbrough said. “Opening more supercenters to me is probably the wrong avenue,” he said. “If e-commerce becomes as big as everyone thinks it’s going to be, you’re not going to need 3,800 retail and discount stores across the U.S. When you have that many, do you really need to open more?” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Wall St slips after soft GDP data, earnings - 01:12 Alexa versus Siri - 01:53 Mexico tariffs could hurt Americans - 01:40 Goldbean's Jane Barratt on the winners and losers of Trump's first week - 03:22 The ups and down of trading with Trump - 01:51 Breakingviews TV: Trump's GDP dilemma - 05:46 Cuba launches exports to U.S. - 01:08 Euro zone leaders talk banking rules, unity - 01:37 U.S. growth slows - 01:22 Abe preps for Trump talks after America's TPP exit - 01:23 Apple and Amazon battle to control our homes - 02:13 BT boss tries to reconnect with investors - 01:29 Help wanted at Wal-Mart, GM Wednesday, January 18, 2017 - 01:39 Wal-Mart said it'll create 10,000 jobs in the U.S. this year. GM says it'll add 7,000 new jobs in the U.S. over the next two to three years. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Job announcements from two of the biggest U.S. employers. Wal-Mart said it'll create about 10,000 jobs in the U.S. this year. But it's not exactly a hiring spree. Wal-Mart says the number created is roughly in line with jobs created in previous years. Most of the new jobs will come from the 59 new stores it plans to open this fiscal year and from its online business. That would amount to less than 1 percent of its current workforce. Also on Tuesday, General Motors said it plans to add 7,000 new jobs in the U.S. over the next two to three years but acknowledged the jobs announced have been "in the works for some time." GM also said it will move some parts production from Mexico to the U.S. Reuters transportation editor Joe White: SOUNDBITE: JOE WHITE, TRANSPORTATION EDITOR, REUTERS, (ENGLISH) SPEAKING: "It's not at all clear that General Motors is expanding and adding brand new jobs in the United States. It appears to be shuffling jobs from one place to another. But it does appear to be bringing these together in the United States." President-elect Donald Trump tweeted this morning, "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'." In the last two weeks, Amazon.com and Ford Motor also announced they would be creating domestic jobs. These job announcements come just before President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration this Friday. He had sharply criticized GM and other automakers for building vehicles in Mexico that are sold in the U.S. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2jW99Ih <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=370933003" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Help wanted at Wal-Mart, GM Wednesday, January 18, 2017 - 01:39 Top News » Trump signs order to bar some refugees;... 7:11am IST - (1:34) Anti-abortion activists fired up in Washington... 3:07am IST - (1:46) Hindus wade into the Ganges for 'no moon day' Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:00) French, German leaders visit site of Berlin... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:54) Putin-Trump phone call to take place Saturday Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:31) Gambia's president makes a triumphant return... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:34) Top level State Dept. officers forced out Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:12) New challenges facing an old 'special... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:48) Trump keen to discuss a TPP alternative with... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:14) Mexico Foreign Minister: paying for wall meant... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:10) Mexico: Trump's wall tax would cost U.S.... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:22) Doomsday Clock ticks closer to midnight Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:50) Rough Cuts » Mudslides slams car into truck, killing... 7:10am IST - (0:40) Trump signs order for rebuilding of military,... 3:47am IST - (1:25) Mexico has "made us look foolish": Trump 12:24am IST - (1:37) Haley presents credentials to U.N. chief... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:43) 'Life is winning again': Pence to... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:27) Trump: Brexit "wonderful" for UK 12:16am IST - (1:00) Trump on Putin: "I hope we have a fantastic... 12:06am IST - (2:03) Trump meets with UK's May at White House Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:38) UK's May arrives at White House Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:34) Miss Universe's preliminary show starts in... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:17) Pro-lifers gather in D.C. to march against... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:40) UK's May lays wreath at Tomb of the Unknowns Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:07) Technology » Car parks could become 'lungs of the city' Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (2:11) Scientists see a mind controlled virtual... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (2:26) Snow chains for your car that switch on and... Wed, 25 Jan, 2017 - (1:24) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) Three arrested for Facebook Live 'gang-rape' Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (0:51) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) The drone that could herald the end of selfie... Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (2:03) Wheat grain size boosted by synthetic chemical Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (2:16) Understanding your pet's emotions with... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:15) Samsung blames batteries for exploding... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:21) Digital entrapment for SMEs at every turn Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (2:49) Oddly Enough » Meet the priest who's also a powerlifting pro Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:58) Japan sumo champ Kisenosato honoured at Tokyo... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:55) Tycoon brings beauty to Manila amid ugly drug... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (2:01) Indian snake charmers struggle to keep trade... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (1:28) Man bites roommate's ear off over Trump fear Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Farmers spray milk powder on EU Council to... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (0:52) Spider milking time at the zoo, all to save... Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (0:45) Animal tech firm combines fashion with health Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:37) Flamenco venue celebrates its 60th anniversary Thu, 19 Jan, 2017 - (2:07) China's Silk Road hits London for Lunar New... Thu, 19 Jan, 2017 - (1:15) Finnish gallery opens exhibition by Juuso the... Wed, 18 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Puppies pound the gridiron for the 13th annual... Tue, 17 Jan, 2017 - (1:29) Entertainment » The red carpet for the Screen Actors Guild... 3:53am IST - (1:13) Iranian actress boycotts Oscars over Trump... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:25) Kasabian headline Reading and Leeds festivals Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:05) Willie Nelson cancels shows due to illness Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:36) Ryan Gosling and Damien Chazelle bring 'La La... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:16) Shia LaBeouf returns to anti-Trump performance... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:28) Iconic war movie 'Apocalypse Now' getting its... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:10) Madonna says Malawi adoption rumours are... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:57) Sundance doc puts focus on 2022 World Cup... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (1:49) Valentino's ethereal haute couture collection Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:46) Valentino's ethereal haute couture collection Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:46) Emmy-winning actress Mary Tyler Moore dies at... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (1:19) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Trump touts new Wal-Mart, GM and Bayer-Monsanto investmentsAFP – Tue, Jan 17, 2017 9:23 PM AEDT Related Content View Photo President-elect Donald Trump, seen January 13, 2017, tweeted "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US!" President-elect Donald Trump Tuesday trumpeted a trio of major company announcements pledging additional investments in the United States as proof his America-first stance on the economy is already producing results. Wal-Mart Stores, General Motors as well as Bayer and Monsanto, which are in the process of merging, unveiled plans for job creations, new stores, research and assembly plants. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US!" Trump tweeted in response. Since November, the incoming president has used the bully pulpit of his impending presidency to attack major companies, accusing defense contractors of overcharging for planes and threatening manufacturers with stiff import duties if they sell foreign-made goods on the US market. In succession, business leaders appear to have answered Trump's call, pledging new US investments and domestic job creation. - Wal-Mart Stores - The mega retailer announced Tuesday it would invest $6.8 billion in the United States -- opening, expanding or relocating 59 Walmart and Sam's Club locations and creating 10,000 jobs in stores and online sales. The company also pledged to spend $250 billion on products made, grown, assembled or sourced in the United States. Shares in the company were up 2.3 percent toward 1900 GMT. - General Motors - The US auto giant said it would invest an additional $1 billion inside the United States on top of $2.6 billion already announced last year and would create 5,000 jobs in the coming years. The announced move included 1,500 "retained" positions tied to investments in new vehicle and advanced technologies as well as 450 jobs returned from Mexico. GM's statement came a week after a business-as-usual message from GM CEO Mary Barra, who told reporters at the Detroit Auto Show that the company would press ahead with plans to manufacture the latest version of its GMC Terrain SUV in Mexico. Trump this month singled out GM for criticism on Twitter, threatening the company with import duties for selling a Mexican-made version of the Chevrolet Cruze on the US market. About two percent of all Cruze cars sold in the US are Mexican-made, according to GM. The company's share price had risen 0.2 percent in New York toward 1900 GMT. - Bayer-Monsanto - The German chemicals and pharmaceutical giant Bayer and the US agribusiness firm Monsanto, which Bayer is in the process of acquiring, announced about $8 billion in investment in agricultural research in the United States. The announcement followed last week's meeting between Trump, Bayer CEO Werner Baumann and Monsanto chief Hugh Grant, which a Bayer spokesman described as "productive." A Trump spokesman said the investments were coming "because the president-elect's focus on creating better business climate here in the United States, which has already increased consumer and small-business confidence since the election." The companies, however, did not confirm Trump's statement that they would create at least 3,000 "new US high-tech jobs" or that they would commit to retaining the company's "9,000 plus US workforce." In New York, Monsanto's shares had gained 0.5 percent by 1900 GMT. Top Stories » London-tourist tax mulled by mayorAAP London should be able to introduce a tax on tourists, according to a study endorsed by Sadiq Khan. The London … Buffett, Gates have hope for AmericaAAP Accept EU's freedoms: Merkel tells UKAAP Wall Street stocks finish dramatic week with a whimperAFP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Australian Open Perth Accommodation Matthew Perrin Mortgage calculator LNP Sam Cox Pet insurance Ellie Gonsalves Flowers Trump Pena Nieto Budget Rent a Car Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Walmart to close Neighborhood Market in south… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Shevchenko headlines UFC Denver Fixing Broncos O-line Australian Open update APS budget cuts New Denver skyscraper Denver weather Business Retail Walmart to close Neighborhood Market in south Denver Walmart Neighborhood Market at 3125 S. Sheridan Blvd. in Denver will close March 3. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Emilie Rusch | erusch@denverpost.com | January 17, 2017 at 1:07 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Coroner’s report details drunken last hours of CorePower Yoga founder Trevor Tice Editorial: Lying Trump can’t be trusted, and that needs to stop now Building Broncos: OL, Fixing the mess is a must, but it won’t be easy Trump adviser calling for overhaul of “junk science” at EPA Bill to let bicyclists roll through stop signs gains speed, but there are roadblocks ahead Colorado considers ending longtime switchblade knife ban Walmart is shuttering another one of its smaller-format grocery stores in the Denver area, a company spokeswoman confirmed Tuesday. The Walmart Neighborhood Market at 3125 S. Sheridan Blvd. in Denver will close March 3. The pharmacy will stop filling prescriptions Feb. 1. “After a careful and thoughtful review process, we have made the difficult decision to close” that Walmart Neighborhood Market, Walmart spokeswoman Anne Hatfield said. “Over the next year, we’ll continue to innovate our business, invest in e-commerce, and improve our existing stores, including remodeling several Colorado locations.” Related Articles October 6, 2016 Walmart to slow new store openings, invest in e-commerce January 15, 2016 Walmart will close two metro Denver neighborhood markets June 19, 2012 Walmart unveils five new Neighborhood Markets in Denver area The South Sheridan location is the third Neighborhood Market closure in the Denver area in the past year. In early 2016, two Neighborhood Markets in Denver and unincorporated Jefferson County were shuttered, part of a wave of 269 Walmart closures worldwide. In October, the retail giant said it planned to slow new store openings to focus more resources on online sales, technology and store remodels. The South Sheridan store’s 95 employees will be given priority for open positions at nearby stores, Hatfield said. Those who don’t transfer will be paid through March 31. Walmart has seven stores within 10 miles of the closing location, Hatfield said. Tags:  More Business News Walmart Emilie Rusch Emilie Rusch covers commercial real estate and retail for The Post. Reach her at 303-954-2457. Follow Emilie Rusch @emilierusch Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Retail New weed sellers want you to swap chamomile for cannabis January 26, 2017, 3:20 pm Legal marijuana sales are projected to grow to $18 billion in the next four years from $7 billion, according to Arcview Market Research, and a small group of companies are racing to give legitimacy to their products by adopting segmentation techniques to broaden marijuana’s appeal. Business Q&A: Olde Town Flower Shoppe, Arvada January 25, 2017, 2:50 pm What was once Fiori di Flavio is now the Olde Town Flower Shoppe and is offering incredible services for all flower related needs in Arvada. Business Q&A: Downslope Distilling Inc., Centennial January 25, 2017, 2:46 pm This local distillery produces spirits that are getting recognized across the U.S. Coca-Cola not recalling Dasani water January 24, 2017, 5:06 pm Coca-Cola has not issued a recall for Dasani and says the water is safe to drink, despite a false story shared on social media that claimed bottles were found contaminated with a parasite. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Big Game Sweepstakes Report It! Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Big Game Sweepstakes Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 38° F Clear Hi: 45° F Lo: 26° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Latest Headlines Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years Updated: 10 mins ago Vice President Mike Pence told the crowd at the March for Life that anti-abortion policies were a top priority of the new administration, an… A look at Trump’s executive order on refugees, immigration Updated: 22 mins ago Trump ordered a four-month suspension to America’s broader refugee program. The suspension is intended to provide time to review how refugee… Standoff situation on SE Lafayette St. 7:30 pm Dyllon Tucker sentenced to more than 7 years in prison 7:20 pm Man not guilty because of mental illness in Kansas attack 5:41 pm Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 38° F Clear Feels Like: 31° F Wind: W 9 Humidity: 48% Dewpoint: 20° F Sunrise: 7:33 AM Sunset: 5:38 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Big Game Sweepstakes Latest Headlines ‘Hamilton’ cast to sing at Super Bowl 51 5:13 pm The performance by Renee Elise Goldsberry, Jasmine Cephas Jones and Phillipa Soo, who starred as the Schuyler Sisters, will be televised liv… Royals gather in private to remember, celebrate Ventura 4:29 pm Ventura’s fiery passion, million-watt smile and strong work ethic were mentioned several times Friday as his teammates, coaches, Royals supp… Michael Waltrip says his 30th Daytona 500 will be his last 11:50 am American basketball player OK after eye pops out of socket 1:38 pm To stand out at Super Bowl 51, ads are going for stunts 9:40 am Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Big Game Sweepstakes Latest Headlines Flu outbreaks reported in nearby counties 6:58 pm TOPEKA, Kan. (KSNT) – Kansas health officials say the flu is spreading across the state. The state health department says six outbreaks have… Shopper finds security camera overlooking fitting room January 23, 2017 Samantha Spencer was shopping at the Burlington Coat Factory in Topeka when she noticed something odd: A security camera hanging between the… 2nd graders help pay for dog’s surgery January 26, 2017 Prairie Hills School District recognizes couple for $700K donation January 19, 2017 High school students gather for ‘Safe Day at the Capitol’ January 19, 2017 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 38° F Clear Hi: 45° F Lo: 26° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US MICHELLE CHAPMAN, AP Business Writers ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, AP Business Writers Published: January 17, 2017, 1:42 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photo: WKRN) Related Coverage GM to add or keep 7,000 jobs, make $1B factory investment NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017 The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. It said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook.   Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.   Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Macy’s to close stores, cut jobs amid weak sales Johnson County DA says police didn’t violate law in shooting Wal-Mart kicks off Cyber Monday on Friday Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 1998-2017 KSNT.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Overcast58° FULL FORECASTOvercast58° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Crime Man with concealed weapons permit fends off robbery suspect in Lutz(w/video) US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News In Pasco County, a teacher of the year who 'won't give up until you understand' Trump, May affirm special relationship between U.S., U.K. 25-year-old makes third man found dead in Seminole Heights since December Many families cling to latest word on gravely ill Plant High grad Suit: Woman says she was sexually assaulted at Bayfront hospital News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup Sen. Marco Rubio seeks new path in Donald Trump's D.C. Top News Trump, May affirm special relationship between U.S., U.K. Pence speaks at March for Life as anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally March column: Hagan wants to keep working on transportation, baseball Republicans divided over border wall as Trump era begins In need of allies, Trump and Britain's Theresa May to meet Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More College USF fans, patience will pay off next year in the recruiting game Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News NBA midseason report: Getting past the league's PR problem Rays' Jake Odorizzi ready to fight for himself in arbitration Lightning's motto after All-Star break? Just win, baby In praise of All-Star defenseman Victor Hedman, from the NHL's best USF fans, patience will pay off next year in the recruiting game Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Here are the top 50 restaurants of Tampa Bay Top News Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Voter intent on medical marijuana ignored Top Opinion Editorial: Trump chaos unsettles the world Editorial: Spotting an unfair cable fee Editorial: Tourism soars in Tampa Bay Editorial: Gov. Rick Scott undermines the ports he promoted Editorial: Fix Florida's foster care system Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest At 17, she gave him up and 45 years later, her son called Top News Closing of Ringling Bros. circus brings back 146 years of memories Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Hernando Bloodmobile for Jan. 20 By Jean Hamilton, Times Staff Writer JEAN HAMILTONTampa Bay Times Tuesday, January 17, 2017 2:30pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged LifeSouth Community Blood Center will have blood drives at the following off-site locations during the coming week. Related News/Archive Hernando Briefs for Jan. 20 1 Week Ago Hometown Hernando for Jan. 20 1 Week Ago Hernando Business digest for Jan. 20 1 Week Ago Jan. 20: 7 a.m. to 3 p.m., Springstead High School, 3300 Mariner Blvd., Spring Hill; 4 to 9 p.m., Walmart, 7305 Broad St., Brooksville. Jan. 21: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Walmart, 1485 Commercial Way, Spring Hill; 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., Ridge Manor Community Center, 34240 Cortez Blvd., Ridge Manor. Jan. 22: 7 a.m. to 1 p.m., First United Methodist Church, 9344 Spring Hill Drive, Spring Hill; 9 a.m. to 1 p.m., Faith Evangelical Presbyterian Church, 200 Mount Fair Ave., Brooksville; 1:30 to 5 p.m., Walmart, 7305 Broad St., Brooksville; 1:30 to 4 p.m., Walmart, 1485 Commercial Way, Spring Hill. Jan. 23: 10:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m., Walmart, 1485 Commercial Way, Spring Hill; 11 a.m. to 6 p.m., Sam's Club, 13360 Cortez Blvd., Spring Hill. Jan. 24: 9:30 a.m. to 4 p.m., Glen Lakes Country Club, 9000 Glen Lakes Blvd., north of Weeki Wachee; noon to 2 p.m., Pasco-Hernando State College North Campus, 11415 Ponce de Leon Blvd., Brooksville; 3 to 6 p.m., Walmart, 7305 Broad St., Brooksville; 4:30 to 7 p.m., Walmart, 1485 Commercial Way, Spring Hill. Jan. 25: 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Hernando County Government Center, 20 N Main St., Brooksville; 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., Lakewood Plaza, 4395 Commercial Way, Spring Hill. Jan. 26: 10 a.m. to 2:30 p.m., Moss Chiropractic Clinic, 1377 Deltona Blvd., Spring Hill; 1 to 7 p.m., Five Guys Burgers and Fries, 13165 Cortez Blvd., Spring Hill; 3 to 6 p.m., Walmart, 1485 Commercial Way, Spring Hill. The blood center, at 12395 Cortez Blvd., Spring Hill, is open from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Sundays, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays, and from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturdays. Donors must be 16 or older (16-year-olds must have written parental consent). All donors must present photo identification. For information, call (352) 596-2002. Hernando Bloodmobile for Jan. 20 01/17/17 [Last modified: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 2:30pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES RETAIL January 28, 2017 | Last updated less than one minute ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: UAE in India Miss Universe DSF Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2017 The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies Gold Rate Sectors Markets Automotives Banking Construction Employment Features General Investment Media Careers Energy Retail Shipping Technology Telecoms Tourism Renewables Aviation Live Flights Economy Property GN Property Money Visas Analysis Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus This company is hiring 10,000 people in 2017 President-elect Donald Trump puts pressure on companies to hire more US workers Published: 23:25 January 17, 2017 Reuters   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Wal-Mart Stores Inc said it would create about 10,000 jobs in the United States this year, about the same as in previous years, as President-elect Donald Trump puts pressure on companies to hire more US workers. Most of Wal-Mart's new jobs will be in 59 new stores planned for the fiscal year beginning in February as well as in e-commerce services, the retailer said on Tuesday. The new stores will also support about 24,000 construction jobs. The additional retail jobs would represent less than 1 percent of Wal-Mart's US workforce of about 1.5 million. US automakers, Amazon.com Inc and other companies have announced plans to create US jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized US companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States. General Motors Co said on Tuesday that it would invest an additional $1 billion in its US factories and move some production from Mexico. Wal-Mart said the number of its new jobs would be consistent with previous years. They will be part of a previously announced $6.8 billion capital expenditure plan, which includes construction and remodeling of stores and distribution centers, for the fiscal year starting on Feb. 1. "Our 2017 plans to grow our business ... will have a meaningful impact on the country," Executive Vice President Dan Bartlett said in a statement. Wal-Mart also said that by July, it would open 160 training academies, adding to the 40 it already has. More than 225,000 workers will receive up to six weeks of specialty training and graduate from the academies in the coming fiscal year, the company said. tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsRetail tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGN FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Global brands take on many forms in UAE 02Alshaya takes 100,000 sq ft at Al Khail Avenue 03Marka announces licensing pact with Real Madrid Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Inside Emirates airline's engineering hangar Sep 20, 2015 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 9Images Pictures: Mohammad Bin Zayed in Mumbai Feb 13, 2016 34Images Dubai Shopping Festival 2012 in pictures Jan 31, 2012 10Images LG unveils flagship V20 smartphone Sep 07, 2016 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Mohammad concludes three-day India visit No visa-free facility for Indians here... Kuwait executes Shaikh Faisal, 6 others Miss Universe: Vote for your candidate here Trump to limit access for certain immigrants 8 things to stop wasting money on Drugs worth Dh46m seized in Sharjah How to buy fresh fish: official explains What's special this Indian Republic Day Close Recommended For You Miss Universe: Vote for your candidate herePUBLISHED ON Jan 24, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Toggle navigation Login Register RS Gathering Diaries × Toggle navigation Wal-Mart Fires Employee For Carrying Gun While on Duty as a Police Officer Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Wal-Mart Fires Employee For Carrying Gun While on Duty as a Police Officer Posted at 2:15 pm on January 17, 2017 by Jim Jamitis Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Like a lot of police officers, Michael Zuby moonlights as private security. Zuby worked as a security guard at Pennsylvania Wal-Mart, until one day he entered the store to buy himself  some lunch while on duty and in uniform as a police officer. Wal-Mart fired him for carrying a gun, which he is required to do while on duty. Officer Michael Zuby had been employed by both the Taylor Police Department and Wal-Mart as a security guard. The flashpoint of the dispute occurred approximately two weeks after Wal-Mart hired Officer Zuby in July 2015. While the officer was on duty with the Police Department, he stopped at the Wal-Mart store in Taylor for lunch in full uniform. His security guard boss saw him and told him he could not be armed on store property. Officer Zuby responded he was a police officer and had to be armed in his jurisdiction of Taylor.   Zuby is now suing Wal-Mart for wrongful termination. The lawsuit states the store then twice requested a letter from the borough of Taylor prohibiting Officer Zuby from entering Wal-Mart property while on duty as a police officer. According to the lawsuit, which calls the request “illegal,” the police chief refused this request both times, noting the officer may have to respond to a call there as the business is in the Police Department’s jurisdiction. Wal-Mart is is arguing that the firing is because Zuby has a conflict of interest. Wal-Mart policy bans employees from carrying weapons of any kind while on company property, but that was not the issue here, said Randy Hargrove, a spokesman for the company. The conflict of interest of Officer Zuby serving as both a police officer and a store security guard in his police jurisdiction concerned the company, Mr. Hargrove said. Actually the issue here is unthinking adherence to zero-tolerance policies no matter the situation. Trending 'Wow!' Students for Life Share Amazing Time Lapse Video of March for Life | RedState Jim Jamitis Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Tags: Guns lawsuit Pennsylvania Police Wal-Mart Recent Stories Chuck Todd Admits Media Ignored Stories, Avoided Criticism of Hillary Clinton in Election Coverage Mickey White Nailed It: Trump is Gaslighting the Media Jennifer Van Laar Mitch McConnell: Nuclear Option Is Actually Not An Option streiff COMMENTS POSTING RULES  |  LOGIN TO COMMENT  |  REGISTER TODAY Trending Sean Spicer Attacks CNN For Using A Word He Doesn't Understand Watch Mia Love Give The Most Powerful Speech At The March for Life (VIDEO) Chuck Todd Admits Media Ignored Stories, Avoided Criticism of Hillary Clinton in Election Coverage Mitch McConnell: Nuclear Option Is Actually Not An Option Nailed It: Trump is Gaslighting the Media Seen and Heard at the March for Life: Joy, Life, Love Kira Davis ‘Wow!’ Students for Life Share Amazing Time Lapse Video of March for Life Jim Jamitis Megyn Kelly to Take Over Hour Three of Today Show Mickey White Senator Sanders, Spare Us Your Bogus Pandering About Science Jim Jamitis Planned Parenthood Lashes out at “March Of Lies” in Twitter Screed Mickey White The Case for Dr. Tom Price Herman Cain Related Stories POPCORN TIME: Philly Dem orders gays into re-education Neil Stevens Democrat Governor Signs Law Making Resisting Arrest a Hate Crime in Louisiana Jim Jamitis Trending on Townhall Media Top 10 Reagan Achievements | Human Events humanevents.com Nailed It: Trump is Gaslighting the Media | RedState redstate.com The Federalist’s Sean Davis lets ex-Obama speechwriter know who REALLY couldn’t read political tea l twitchy.com Audit the Fed Bill Coming Up, Trump Will Likely Sign finance.townhall.com Home RS Gathering Advertise Newsletters Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright RedState.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart Says It Will Add 10,000 Jobs, Open Dozens Of Stores This Year Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Walmart Says It Will Add 10,000 Jobs, Open Dozens Of Stores This Year Image courtesy of Will January 17, 2017 12:40 pm EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler a change of pace walmart retail big box retailer jobs opening new stores remodeling adding jobs A year after Walmart announced it would close 154 stores round the country, eliminating the jobs of about 10,000 employees, the big box retailer unveiled plans to open or relocate dozens of stores and hire more than 10,000 workers. In announcing its 2017 goals on Tuesday, Walmart laid out plans to bolster its workforce and store footprint, despite reports just last week that the retailer was laying off hundreds of employees in a human resources reorganization. As part of its plan, the company says it will add about 10,000 retail jobs created through the opening of 59 new, expanded, or relocated Walmart and Sam’s Club facilities, as well as its e-commerce services. The company notes that its expansion and remodeling plans will also support 24,000 construction jobs. In addition to adding more employees to its roster, Walmart says that it will focus on improving its current employees through its network of so-called training academies. During the year, the retailer will provide 225,000 associates with up to six weeks of specialty training related to running stores, meeting the needs of customers, and other retail fundamentals.   Walmart’s plan to add jobs comes just a week after it was reported that the company would eliminate hundreds of jobs around the country before the end of its fiscal year on Jan. 31. The bulk of the cuts are reportedly focused on the company’s human resources division, where executives believe the positions could be more streamlined, with duties being taken over by outside consultants or other employees. A rep for the company told Consumerist at the time that it had made no announcements related to its 1.5 million associates at the corporate and store level. January 17, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler a change of pace walmart retail big box retailer jobs opening new stores remodeling adding jobs Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related more helpers on hand Walmart Tackling Long Checkout Lines This Holiday Season With Troop Of “Helpers” wage wars Walmart To Give Nearly 40% Of Employees Pay Increases Over The Next Year hit the road Report: Walmart To Lay Off Hundreds Of Employees By End Of The Month honesty is step one Walmart Finally Admits That Its Empty Shelves Are A Big Problem more money more walmart Walmart “Looking At” Support Of Minimum Wage Increase Previous Report: Affordable Care Act Repeal Could Increase Rates, Leave 18 Million Without Coverage After First Year Next Would Surge Pricing Help Prevent Traffic Gridlock On Busy Roadways? Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Would Surge Pricing Help Prevent Traffic Gridlock On Busy Roadways? Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 641 51 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 The U.S. retail giant says it will create 10,000 new retail jobs this year. Post to Facebook Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 The U.S. retail giant says it will create 10,000 new retail jobs this year.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jVdPOE {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 60 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 Adam Shell , USA TODAY Published 10:48 a.m. ET Jan. 17, 2017 | Updated 4:44 p.m. ET Jan. 17, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Walmart's big public announcement adding 10,000 U.S. jobs should please the President-elect. USA TODAY NETWORK A Walmart in Marietta, Ga. (Photo: Erik S. Lesser, EPA) 641 CONNECTTWEET 51 LINKEDIN 60 COMMENTEMAILMORE Retail giant Walmart said Tuesday that it will create 10,000 new retail jobs in the U.S. this year, the latest American company to promote its domestic-focused hiring and investment ahead of Friday's transfer of power from President Obama to President-elect Donald Trump. The new Walmart hires will work at soon-to-be-opened stores, expanded existing stores and e-commerce services, the company said Tuesday. In addition, Walmart said an estimated 24,000 construction jobs will support its plans to open new stores and remodel existing ones. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we can play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," Dan Bartlett, Walmart's executive vice president for corporate affairs, said in a statement. The low-price retailer pays its workers about  $9 per hour to $24.70 per hour, according to a year-ago press release announcing 2016 pay hikes for employees that went into effect last February. The average wage for full-time workers was $13.38 per hour, and $10.58 per hour, on average, for part-time workers, according to a Walmart press release. USA TODAY American Apparel to lay off hundreds Walmart, which employs 1.5 million U.S. workers, is the latest American company to go on the public relations offensive and emphasize its commitment to U.S. workers since Trump won the presidential election in November. The billionaire businessman has stressed via tweets and public statements his preference for U.S. firms to boost investment and create more jobs in the U.S., rather than set up shop in cheaper locales around the globe. "Companies (are) getting in front of the shape of things to come, and that is Trump will think USA first at all times; so politics matter to these companies," says Gary Kaltbaum, president of Kaltbaum Capital Management. "Politically, it puts them 'in favor' with the new administration while creating jobs here." The list of companies stressing their commitment to the U.S. is growing. General Motors, for example, announced Tuesday that it will invest an additional $1 billion in U.S. manufacturing, on top of the $21 billion it has invested in U.S. operations since 2009. In a statement, GM said a "combination of 1,500 new and retained jobs are tied to the new investments." The moves by Walmart and GM follow last week's announcement by online retailer Amazon.com that it plans to create more than 100,000 U.S. jobs in the next 18 months. Earlier in January, automaker Ford said it was canceling plans to build a new plant in Mexico and instead would make a $700 million investment in Michigan, creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. Back in November, air conditioner maker Carrier announced a deal to keep roughly 1,000 jobs in Indianapolis after nixing plans to move jobs to Mexico. USA TODAY GM to invest $1 billion in U.S. after pressure from Trump Walmart's job announcement follows the retailer's decision in January 2016 to announce the closing of 154 poor-performing U.S. stores, which affected 10,000 U.S. workers. And in September, the company said it would eliminate 7,000 store accounting and invoicing positions as the company moved to automate those processes, but said workers would be offered positions elsewhere in its stores. Walmart also said Tuesday that it would open 160 new "training Academies around the country" and provide "specialty training" for more than 225,000 of its workers. The retailer also is planning $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year. Longer term, Walmart reiterated a commitment made in 2013 to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. 641 CONNECTTWEET 51 LINKEDIN 60 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jVdPOE NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wal-Mart has a new plan to take on Amazon The Motley Fool Daniel B. Kline 1/17/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks Wal-Mart is working to leverage the one advantage it has over Amazon to gain ground on the online leader. The problem is that nearly every bricks-and-mortar retailer pursuing a digital strategy has the same idea: Use the fact that you have physical stores to support your online business. It's a concept that can work to stop sales from dropping or even slightly grow them, but so far the idea that physical stores can push online operations to new heights remains just a theory. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 65.66 -1.07 -1.60% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 835.77 -3.38 -0.40% If any company can make it happen, however, it would be Wal-Mart, which has a physical infrastructure on a stunning scale. The challenge for the chain is moving from an operation built to supply its stores to one that can also handle individual orders in a variety of ways. To make that happen, Wal-Mart will have to change its entire culture. The company can't stop servicing its physical locations, but it has to put its online customers -- including those who want to pick up or drop off a return in-store -- on par with (or even above) those who shop in-person at a bricks-and-mortar location. It's recently made some personnel moves that seem aimed at making that happen. What is Wal-Mart doing? The company understands just how big a challenge it faces. Its first major move was to spend $3.3 billion acquiring Jet.com and then putting its CEO, Marc Lore, in charge of Wal-Mart's entire digital operation. In theory, that purchase brought some start-up culture to Wal-Mart's entrenched, traditional retail way of doing things. Putting Lore in charge also sent a strong message, but it was one that perhaps did not impact the traditional bricks-and-mortar part of the company because the new digital CEO did not have much pull at the chain's physical stores. That looks to be changing, however, as the company has moved two key executives under Lore and into roles that bridge both physical and digital operations, ReCode reported. Jeremy King, who served as chief technology officer for the company's online operations in the United States, will now add technology operations at physical stores to his purview. In addition, Tony Rogers, who had been chief marketing officer for Wal-Mart's U.S. stores, will now also head up marketing for Walmart.com and Jet.com. "We were starting to see our stores and eCommerce teams solving many of the same problems and now we can remove what might've become more duplication in the future," Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said in a memo, according to ReCode. "I know change isn't always easy, but, I'm certain our future success is partially dependent on becoming more of a technology company in our stores and clubs and everywhere else the customer sees us." Call this a "One Wal-Mart" movement where to take on Amazon the company has to stop thinking of digital as an add-on to or a separate business from its physical stores. It's a way of thinking that could change everything for the chain if Lore actually has the freedom to push digital solutions where they make sense even if it hurts in-store sales. Wal-Mart wants to make a leap Making this type of change is not about simply growing online sales. The company has been doing that steadily, with global e-commerce growing by 20.6% in the most recent quarter. Instead, the task facing Lore and his team is completely reimagining how the retailer does business in order to be a true Amazon rival. That ultimately could mean fewer stores or using space inside bricks-and-mortar locations previously devoted to serving in-store customers to fulfill digital orders. This is about much more than ordering online and picking up in store. It's an internal fight for Wal-Mart to decide whether it wants to put whatever the customer wants and however the customer wants it over doing business more or less as it always has. This type of change, as McMillon said, isn't always easy, and, in fact, it often proves impossible. Wal-Mart has put people into place and the chain's management seems to understand the challenge, but actually solving the problem could require some very painful moves. Buying Jet.com, putting Lore in charge, and making these latest moves shows that Wal-Mart at least understands where it needs to go. Getting there, however, won't be a straight line and it will require finding a way to turn the world's largest physical retailer into a company that's a technology-first, consumer-first operation. SPONSORED: 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart Stores When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market. David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, and Wal-Mart Stores wasn't one of them. That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Motley Fool 5 Rock-Solid Dividend Secrets Any Retiree Can Use The Motley Fool Your Cable Company Was Just Placed on Life Support The Motley Fool Shark Tank Just Revealed a Trillion-Dollar Idea The Motley Fool The Motley Fool View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Nintendo Switch Pre-orders up again at Walmart Chris Burns - Jan 17, 2017 4 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit While many stores have – seemingly – sold out of the Nintendo Switch well before its on-sale date, Walmart suggests they’ve got stock. They wont have the device in stores until the street date, just like every other store that we’re aware of so far – but they’ve got numbers. Walmart’s suggestion is that they have enough potential stock that they’re able to continue offering the Nintendo Switch on pre-order with guarantee of a unit to every person that comes in and orders. To pre-order a Nintendo Switch device from Walmart, users will be best off actually entering a physical store location. “Customers can pre-order in Walmart stores by putting 10 percent down to reserve the Switch,” said Walmart PR. “Customers should visit the Pickup desk to pre-order the item. Pre-orders are available while supplies last.” “Pre-ordering through Walmart guarantees customers will have the Switch console on launch day.” That’s not always true with stores offering pre-orders, but Walmart guarantees it. Make certain the store you’re dealing with is in on this guarantee before you place your order. Some of the games we expect to sell as quick as Nintendo can release them are included in our feature Every Nintendo Switch Game Trailer Released So Far. There you’ll find every game trailer yet released – at least up until a few days ago. First, have a peek at The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wind. [youtube zw47_q9wbBE] While we’re still not certain why Super Mario Odyssey wasn’t released with the console itself, we’re sure it’ll be a smash. This game will be released to the public during “Holiday 2017” – which is to say December of this year. There it’ll be a real holiday bash. [youtube 5kcdRBHM7kM] Finally we’ve got the full Nintendo Switch Presentation in its super-long entirety. A full hour of nothing but Nintendo Switch action. This is the sort of presentation only Nintendo can accomplish, of that you can be sure. [youtube Ntzz8O7SpWs] Don’t hesitate – unless you want to wait until release date to find out whether or not the Switch has been sold out in its entirety. It’s doubtful any store will hold back stock just to place them on the shelves for the few minutes they’ll be up. Stick around as we continue to cover this monster of a device through release! Story Timeline Nintendo Switch Parental Controls app supports time limits, game ratings More Nintendo Switch details: 2TB microSD card support, no Miiverse or StreetPass Nintendo Switch: The good, the bad, and the ugly Nintendo Switch pre order sellout sends gamers hunting Nintendo Switch eschews bundled games to keep price down Tags ConsolesGame ConsoleGamingnintendoNintendo SwitchWalmart Must Read Bits & Bytes Nintendo Switch’s simple specs shared: Pro Control or Just No? Apple joins Partnership on AI to explore “ethical” artificial intelligence Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks: Tiny bezels, moved fingerprint sensor, more Google Daydream grabs HTC’s Vive design chief Lenovo X260 Laptop Review: Insanely long battery life Latest Headlines Shazam speeds up song identification with new Android shortcut Jan 27, 2017 Gear Fit Pro trademark hints at new Samsung fitness wearable Jan 27, 2017 Resident Evil 7 biohazard sold 2.5m units in first three days Jan 27, 2017 NASA’s twin study finds notable biological changes after a year in space Jan 27, 2017 KontrolFreek unveils performance gaming clothes for gamers Jan 27, 2017 Latest Reviews Lenovo X260 Laptop Review: Insanely long battery life Jan 25, 2017 Razer BlackWidow Chroma V2 Review: Top Marks Jan 25, 2017 2017 Volkswagen Golf Alltrack Review: The would-be crossover killer Jan 19, 2017 QCY Q29 Wireless Earbuds Review: AirPods on a budget Jan 18, 2017 NVIDIA SHIELD TV Review (Gen2, 2017) Jan 16, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Las Vegas Sun January 27, 2017 Currently: 49° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Sports betting UNLV sports Gaming Education NHL in Las Vegas Smith's World HS Basketball Newsletter signup 0 Comments Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. Jae C. Hong / AP In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. By Michelle Chapman and Anne D'Innocenzio, Associated Press Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017 | 9:35 a.m. NEW YORK — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday's announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. "Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration," said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. It said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy's, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. 0 Comments Join the Discussion: Check this out for a full explanation of our conversion to the LiveFyre commenting system and instructions on how to sign up for an account. Full comments policy Most Popular Viewed Discussed Trending School Board OKs ‘sanctuary’ status for Clark County immigrants Meet the local basketball prospect who is drawing interest from UNLV Grammys, CBS to honor Bee Gees with tribute concert Confident, or in denial? NLV mayor says Faraday plant ‘will be built’ California once again on center stage with NFL on the move Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Willie Nelson: At 83, singer-songwriter is as relevant as ever Dining: Aureole remains angelic after upgrades Music: August Burns Red set to ignite in L.V. Featured Galleries Frampton and Cruz Make Weight Desert Grown Farms 2017 North Las Vegas State of the City More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 27 Fri 28 Sat 29 Sun 30 Mon 31 Tue Neon Lit The Writer's Block An Intimate Evening with Santana House of Blues RL Grime Intrigue All events on Friday » Paws on the Patio: Street Smarts Gene Woods Racing Experience, 121 E. Sunset Road, Las Vegas, NV 89119 | 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. Amplified The Artisan Hotel | 8 p.m. to midnight Rabbit Hole Two-Year Anniversary The Bunkhouse Saloon | 10 p.m. to 11:59 p.m. All events on Saturday » Champagne and Shampoo Sundays Kelly Cardenas Salon inside Hard Rock Hotel and Casino, 4455 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV 89169 Las Vegas Jewish Film Festival Multiple venues DJ Franzen Drai's All events on Sunday » Monday Night Pigskin Parties South Point Showroom Ruckus Marquee Rex Dart and the Bargain DJ Collective Double Down Saloon All events on Monday » The Las Vegas Lineup: Identifying the Past for the Future Clark County Library Tacos and Tequila Tuesdays Nacho Daddy locations Unique Massive Double Down Saloon All events on Tuesday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Hiring Freeze•First 100 Days•BRAC•FOIA•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Update on the latest… Update on the latest in business: By The Associated Press January 17, 2017 1:03 pm Share FINANCIAL MARKETS US stock indexes dip, along with bond yields and dollar NEW YORK (AP) — Losses for financial and health care stocks pulled U.S. indexes modestly lower today and put the Dow Jones industrial average at risk for its third straight loss. Federal News Radio conducted an exclusive data center survey to assess how agencies are storing data. Download the results. Bond prices rose, while the dollar’s value sank against the British pound and other rivals. Advertisement At 12:50 p.m. Eastern Time, the Dow was down 46 points at 19,840. The S&P 500 fell 5 points to 2,270. And the Nasdaq fell 28 points to 5,547. CONGRESS-HEALTH OVERHAUL Analysis says premiums would jump WASHINGTON (AP) — Congress’ nonpartisan budget analyst says premiums would jump sharply and millions more people would be without health coverage under a bill Republicans passed last year eliminating President Barack Obama’s health care overhaul. The Congressional Budget office says under that measure, premiums for people buying policies on the law’s online marketplaces would jump up to 25 percent in the first year after enactment. They’d about double by 2026. It also says there’d be 18 million new uninsured people in the first year after enactment. That number would grow to 32 million by 2026. Republicans have said they’re using last year’s bill as a starting point as they try to dismantle Obama’s law this year and replace it. Last year’s measure did not include any replacement provisions. Obama vetoed last year’s bill. TRUMP-BOEING Boeing CEO cites progress on Air Force One cost WASHINGTON (AP) — The head of Boeing says “great progress” has been made in negotiations with President-elect Donald Trump to settle on a new price tag for the Air Force One program. Trump last month blasted the proposed cost to replace the aging fleet of presidential aircraft. He met with Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenberg last month and again today in Trump Tower. BRITAIN-BREXIT British PM calls for a clean Brexit break LONDON (AP) — Britain’s future outside the European Union is becoming much clearer. Prime Minister Theresa May, in a speech today, said the U.K. wants to free itself from governance by the EU. But it still wants to be allies — and trading partners, without tariffs — with the 27 remaining EU nations. Some analysts are saying her plans are ambitious — like a divorcing couple who want to stay best friends, share the kids, and keep each other’s front door keys. DAVOS Dollar rise could hurt developing economies DAVOS, Switzerland (AP) — The dollar’s strength could lead to financial bailouts in emerging market economies and even an intervention to limit the currency’s rise. That’s the view of David Rubenstein, co-CEO of The Carlyle Group, a leading private equity firm. Addressing delegates at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, Rubenstein says there’s a risk of “potentially another Mexican-style crisis” in emerging markets because many firms that borrowed in dollars won’t be able repay the loans if their earnings are in local currency while the dollar appreciates. He says there’s around $4.5 trillion in emerging market corporate debt that is dollar-denominated. He says there may well have “to be some intervention” to rein in the dollar or “you’re going to have to bail some of these countries out.” DAVOS-CHINA Chinese president presses case for free trade DAVOS, Switzerland (AP) —Chinese President Xi Jinping (shee jihn-peeng) is pressing his case for free trade, urging the world to “say no to protectionism” and warning that “no one will emerge as a winner in a trade war. Xi made the comments today in an opening address to the World Economic Forum in Davos, Swizerland. It’s the first such visit ever by a Chinese head of state to the gathering of world business and political leaders. Xi didn’t directly mention U.S. President-elect Donald Trump but cast China as a standard-bearer of free trade amid concerns in some corners that the new U.S. administration may enact more protectionist measures in trade. Xi says the world must “remain committed to promoting free trade and investment through opening up” and said “pursuing protectionism is like locking oneself in a dark room.” UNITED NATIONS-WORLD ECONOMIC FORECAST UN forecasts modest economic recovery but no robust revival UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The United Nations is forecasting a modest economic recovery in 2017-18 but warns the projection is an indication of economic stabilization rather than a signal of robust revival. In its annual economic report released today, the U.N. says the world economy expanded by 2.2 percent in 2016, the slowest rate of growth since the 2009 recession. It forecast growth of 2.7 percent this year and 2.9 percent in 2018, a slight downward revision from its mid-year predictions in May. The U.N. report says: “Underpinning the sluggish global economy are the feeble pace of global investment, dwindling world trade growth, flagging productivity growth and heavy levels of debt.” It says low commodity prices have exacerbated these factors. Assistant Secretary-General Lenni Montiel has urged redoubled efforts to promote stronger global economic growth. WAL-MART-HIRING Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. says there will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam’s Clubs facilities. The chain is planning $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which starts on Feb. 1. The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup. Last week Amazon announced that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. GENERAL MOTORS GM announces $1B factory investment, new jobs DETROIT (AP) — General Motors will make a $1 billion investment in its factories that will create or keep around 1,500 jobs. A person briefed on the matter says the investment is part of the normal process of equipping factories to build new models, and it’s been planned for months. GM also says axle production for its next generation full-size pickup trucks will move to Michigan, creating 450 U.S. jobs. Some of that production had been done in Mexico. And, the Detroit automaker is confirming that a supplier in Michigan will make components for those pick-up trucks, moving 100 supplier jobs from Mexico. SKOREA-HYUNDAI MOTOR-US Hyundai highlights US spending plan before Trump inaugurated SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Hyundai Motor Group says it will significantly increase its investment in the U.S. while Donald Trump is president and is considering building a new U.S. factory. A president of the Hyundai group says Hyundai Motor, Kia Motors and their affiliated companies will spend $3.1 billion during the five years through 2021 on research and development and maintaining their factories in Alabama and Georgia. BRITAIN-ROLLS ROYCE Rolls Royce agrees to pay $808 million on bribery claims LONDON (AP) — Jet engine maker Rolls Royce has agreed to pay $808 million to settle bribery and corruption charges brought by authorities in Britain, the U.S. and Brazil. A U.K. High Court judge will examine the deferred prosecution agreement during a public hearing today. The scandal involved intermediaries in overseas markets including Indonesia and China. Rolls-Royce says in a statement that the “voluntary agreements” will result in the suspension of prosecution. But Transparency International’s U.K. executive director Robert Barrington says individuals should be prosecuted so the case serves as a deterrent to bribery. He says that “whether or not this settlement is in the public interest, the key individuals responsible for corrupt behavior must not be allowed to evade justice.” TOBACCO MERGER British American Tobacco agrees on takeover of Reynolds LONDON (AP) — British American Tobacco has agreed to fully take over Reynolds American Inc. on terms that are improved from an initial bid made last year. The takeover would create the world’s largest publicly traded tobacco company and combine BAT’s presence in developing countries, where anti-smoking campaigns are not as strong as in the U.S. and Europe, with Reynolds’ almost exclusive focus on the U.S. BAT says it will buy the 57.8 percent of Reynolds it does not already own. Reynolds shareholders will receive for each share $29.44 in cash and 0.5260 BAT shares. BAT says that values Reynolds at $59.64 per share, or $49.4 billion for the stake to be acquired. BAT sells Dunhill, Rothmans and Lucky Strike cigarettes, while Reynolds owns brands like Newport, Camel and Pall Mall. AIRLINES-RANKINGS Hawaiian, Delta top on-time ratings for US airlines UNDATED (AP) — The chances that your flight will be on time and won’t get canceled appear to be looking up. The federal Department of Transportation reports that 86.5 percent of U.S. flights in November arrived on time, an improvement over both the previous month and November 2015. Less than one-third of 1 percent of domestic flights were canceled, the lowest rate in any month since the department started keeping comparable records in 1995. And the rate of bags that got lost, delayed or damaged was the lowest in figures that go back to 1987. Hawaiian Airlines and Delta Air Lines posted the best rates for on-time arrivals, more than 90 percent. Virgin America, which is now owned by Alaska Airlines’ parent, had the worst mark. TAXES-OVERVIEW IRS refund delays could hear the neediest taxpayers WASHINGTON (AP) — The Internal Revenue Service’s battle against fraud and identity theft is intensifying as the tax filing season opens, and some of the neediest taxpayers are getting caught in the middle. The agency is barred from issuing refunds before Feb. 15 on any returns claiming the Earned Income Tax Credit or the Additional Child Tax Credit. Congress mandated the delay to give the IRS more time to review returns to try to catch fraudulent ones before refunds are paid out. Dave DuVal, vice president of customer advocacy at TaxAudit.com, says some taxpayers are living “paycheck to paycheck and this is money they’re counting on.” This year’s filing deadline is Tuesday, April 18, since the traditional April 15 date falls on a Saturday, and D.C. Emancipation Day is observed on April 17. IMMACULATA-TUITION REDUCTION Immaculata University to cut tuition by 23% for 2017-18 MALVERN, Pa. (AP) — A Catholic college in suburban Philadelphia says it’s reducing its tuition by 23 percent for the 2017-18 academic year to offset the rising cost of higher education. Tuition to Immaculata University in Chester County will be reset from $34,410 to $26,500 next year. Without the reduction, university officials say tuition including room and board would’ve risen to nearly $50,000 in 2017-18. Immaculata will additionally scale back the amount of funding the school awards in scholarships and grants. As a result, students’ out-of-pocket costs will not reflect much of a change. The tuition reduction follows similar plans executed locally by both Rosemont College and La Salle University. Gerald Wargo Jr., vice president for enrollment management, says the move is all about opening up Immaculata to more potential applicants. Topics: Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Update on the latest… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1975: Senate investigates FBI, CIA activities A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended VA officially exempts some health, contracting professionals from hiring freeze Top Story OMB releases initial hiring freeze guidance for agencies Hiring/Retention Official: Trump wants to slash EPA workforce, budget Workforce Under Trump, federal employees fear fewer resources to do their jobs Exclusive Troop increase, hiring freeze could pose problems for military families Defense Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions Place an ad News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 28° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Mainly cloudy. Tonight Mostly cloudy. Low near 25F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 8:15 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close Jae C. Hong FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) AP Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US By MICHELLE CHAPMAN and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Business Writers Jan 17, 2017 0 Jae C. Hong FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday's announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. "Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration," said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for "starting the big push back in the U.S." and took credit for bringing jobs "back into the U.S." However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn't have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy's, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. ________ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Tags Wire Business General News Hiring And Recruitment Personnel Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Labor Economy Economy Products And Services Corporate News × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Trending now World wide support, respect grows for Devin Martz Muscatine residents demonstrate in Des Moines Women's March Sale of a school: Washington Elementary gets a new life Greg H. Mullen "Slow equals fair," Muscatine City Attorney says Business Directory Latest Local Offers Amanda Buenemann State Farm Don't wait until you have an accident to find out if you're properly insured. Let State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann and her team help find the blindspots in your coverage now! Call now to schedule your free insurance and financial consultation! 563-263-2744 Updated 6 hrs ago Non-Emergency Transport We Proudly Provide Muscatine with Prompt, Safe, and Comfortable Non-Emergency Transportation for You and Your Loved Ones! Click Here for Details! (563) 299-3513 Updated 6 hrs ago Latest e-Edition The Muscatine Journal 20 hours ago Related Related Page A1 Page A2 Page A3 Page A4 Page A5 Page A6 Page A7 Page A8 (0) More on this topic Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Ferguson missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department On Holocaust Remembrance Day, Trump slams door on refugees 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 The Latest: Trump to skip dinner with Washington elite Currents +14 National Photos: Thousands attend March for Life in DC Movies These iconic movies are celebrating big anniversaries in 2017 Election 2016 Live A breakdown of executive orders issued by recent presidents Today’s top pics: Lunar New Year celebrations and more Your daily 6: Blago's daughter unloads on Obama; another TV icon dies Today iIn History, Jan. 27: Auschwitz & Birkenau Today's Birthdays, Jan. 27: Patton Oswalt Quintana wants to stay with rebuilding White Sox Patriots' quiet leader Slater humbled by chance at 2nd ring No Bull: Wade, Butler, Rondo stand ground on strong comments Brady says there's no extra motivation going to Super Bowl Latest Local Offers Did you Know Non-Emergency Transport Offers Wheelchair Transport and More in Muscatine!? Click Here for Details! Non-Emergency Transport offers flexible transportation 24 hours per day, 7 days per week inc… Non-Emergency Transport Serving Muscatine & Surrounding Areas, Muscatine, IA 52761 563-299-3513 Currently Open Ads State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann offers a wonderful referral program - Refer someone to our office and receive a $10 gift card. For more information, call now! 563-263-2744 State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann is here to provide insurance protection to help each and e… Amanda Buenemann State Farm 2711 University Dr., Muscatine , IA 52761 563-263-2744 Ads Non-Emergency Transport Specializes in Non-Emergency Trips like Doctors Appointments, Rides to the Aiprort and More! Click Here for Details! 563-299-3513 Non-Emergency Transport offers flexible transportation 24 hours per day, 7 days per week inc… Non-Emergency Transport Serving Muscatine & Surrounding Areas, Muscatine, IA 52761 563-299-3513 Currently Open Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Khizr Khan on Trump's refugee ban Man says he can prove 2016 voter fraud Rare view of tunnels under border wall Pence, Conway cheer on March for Life Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 51° F Overcast Hi: 57° F Lo: 38° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Latest Headlines Many are not taking advantage of important tax break Updated: 2 mins ago The mayor points out the credit mainly helps low-income families pay their groceries and other bills, putting money back in our local econom… Austin to consider safety, labor requirements for faster permits Updated: 24 mins ago The Austin City Council will be weighing whether to tie access to a faster permitting process to building and labor standards. Suspect in bank robbery attempts caught by Austin police Updated: 31 mins ago Trump’s immigration curbs no surprise, those affected say Updated: 15 mins ago As Year of the Rooster dawns, ‘phoenix claws’ grace the menu Updated: 35 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 51° F Overcast Feels Like: 51° F Wind: NNE 3 Humidity: 33% Dewpoint: 23° F Sunrise: 7:24 AM Sunset: 6:03 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Investigations David Barer Brian Collister Josh Hinkle Robert Maxwell Kylie McGivern Kevin Schwaller Latest Headlines Austin ISD getting a better handle on payroll problems January 23, 2017 Chief financial officer says the data doesn’t add up after employee said she was evicted and lost her car over payroll issues. Austin police monitor wants more done to prevent racial profiling January 19, 2017 In 2015, 1,134 people contacted the OPM or the Austin Police Department’s Internal Affairs Department wishing to file a complaint. Now hiring: Ag Commissioner Sid Miller needs a wheelman January 13, 2017 Lawmaker responds to questions about DPS border arrests January 11, 2017 Dental Board proposes improvements in sedation safety January 6, 2017 Sports Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines Complimentary Small Laser Treatment for First Time Clients 4:27 pm spa810 is located at 2009 main street in Lakeway. Call 512-524-9602 or go to spa810.com for more details. A Healthy Recipe to Keep Your New Year’s Resolutions Going 4:22 pm Look for Honeysuckle White turkey products at your local H-E-B grocery store and visit HoneysuckleWhite.com for even more recipe ideas for a… Tips for Must-Have Metallic Lips 3:58 pm A Positive Way to Stop Bullying 3:50 pm A Tasty Way to Make Gluten-Free Pancakes 3:45 pm Search for: Search the site 51° F Overcast Hi: 57° F Lo: 38° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 11:19 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photo: WKRN) NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. It said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts Amazon plans to hire 100,000 over the next 18 months, including jobs in Texas Lottery ticket worth $1,000 dropped in Salvation Army kettle Sears sells Craftsman brand, Macy’s closing dozens of stores HP expands recall of laptop batteries due to fire, burn hazards Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KXAN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Top Stories Suspect arrested in deadly Georgetown hit-and-run Travis County sheriff embroiled in immigration debate speaks for the first time 14 year old trafficked by man in Austin and San Antonio, police say Photo Galleries PHOTOS: Glorious sunsets sweeping across the Austin-area sky PHOTOS: Women’s March on Austin PHOTOS: Inauguration Day protests in Austin Protesters march through Austin as President Trump takes office PHOTOS: Donald Trump sworn in as 45th President of the United States PHOTOS: Fiery sunrise over Austin, surrounding areas Gorgeous Central Texas January sunset Military aircraft crashes into water near La Porte PHOTOS: Holiday therapy dogs spreading cheer for Austin rehab patients Holiday therapy dogs offering help for rehab patients PHOTOS: Happy Holidays from the KXAN team Happy Holidays from the KXAN team PHOTOS: ‘Baby it’s cold outside,’ freezing temperatures in Austin-area ‘Baby it’s cold outside’ PHOTOS: Dogs vetted through training now part of Texas DPS Survivor recalls fear, anger on day of Pearl Harbor attack 36 dead in warehouse party blaze ‘Fire everywhere,’ guests trapped inside Gatlinburg Park Vista hotel PHOTOS: Strong’s last game as a Longhorn PHOTOS: Fidel Castro, 1926-2016 Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2017 LIN Television of Texas, LP, a Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 25° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Considerable cloudiness. Tonight Considerable cloudiness. Low 22F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Jae C. Hong FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) AP Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US By MICHELLE CHAPMAN and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Business Writers Jan 17, 2017 0 Jae C. Hong FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday's announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. "Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration," said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for "starting the big push back in the U.S." and took credit for bringing jobs "back into the U.S." However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn't have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy's, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. ________ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business General News Hiring And Recruitment Personnel Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Labor Economy Economy Products And Services Corporate News × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Trump wants 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico to pay for border wall Trump signs immigration actions to build border wall Death toll rising after storms pound Georgia A breakdown of executive orders issued by recent presidents Trump's children revel in first 24 hours in White House Business Directory Latest Local Offers Bauer's Market & Garden Center Bauer's Market & Garden Center is your one-stop-shop for your flower and garden vegetable needs. Stop in today we are located in La Crescent MN. Jan 20, 2017 The Top Of The Rock The big game is right around the corner. The Top Of The Rock wants you to join us for a cold one Feb. 5! Updated Jan 25, 2017 ≫ today's question Are you concerned about voting rights? You voted: Very concerned Somewhat concerned Not very concerned Vote View Results Back ≫ things to do Jan 27 Adam Palm Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 6:00 pm Jan 27 Album Encounter: "Blue and Lonesome" by the Rolling Stones Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Jan 27 Grand River Show Choir Invitational concert choir competition Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 5:45 pm Jan 27 Frogleg with Pretty Beggar Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Jan 27 Paxico acoustic trio Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Jan 27 88 MPH Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 9:00 pm Jan 27 Steve Lankford and Mei Ling Felten, acoustic country and variety Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 8:30 pm Jan 27 Home, Health & Pet Expo Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 10:00 am Jan 27 Hillbilly Fever Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Jan 27 JCat and Skeeter Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30522797.pdf 30522620.pdf Bulletin Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses Whitetail Properties Real Estate 13212 Anchor Ave, Black River Falls, WI 54615 Traditional Trades 1641 Sand Lake Road, Onalaska, WI 54650 Foss Fine Meats Inc. 325 W Wisconsin St, Sparta, WI 54656 Stern Buildings Llc 204 Sims St, Melrose, WI 54642 Currents Lifestyles 50 high-paying jobs that don't require a college degree Television Ranking the best seasons of your favorite sitcoms Home and Garden Can this red hot chunk of steel melt through a frozen lake? Your daily 6: Blago's daughter unloads on Obama; another TV icon dies Today iIn History, Jan. 27: Auschwitz & Birkenau Today's Birthdays, Jan. 27: Patton Oswalt Your daily 6: Get your special sauce, doomsday clock keeps ticking and taking 'break a leg' to extremes Quintana wants to stay with rebuilding White Sox No Bull: Wade, Butler, Rondo stand ground on strong comments Patriots' quiet leader Slater humbled by chance at 2nd ring Drew Barrymore 'still in shock' over her divorce TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Anchor confronts man behind voter fraud claim Khizr Khan on Trump's refugee ban Man says he can prove 2016 voter fraud Rare view of tunnels under border wall News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Home News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy 29° F Overcast Hi: 32° F Lo: 23° F Forecast Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines Local Holocaust survivor urges us to never forget Updated: 11 mins ago DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – January 27th is recognized as International Holocaust Remembrance (Memorial) Day. This year marks 72 years since the l… Local company expands into new facility 7:20 pm A ribbon-cutting and open house was held Friday to open the new facility. Tipp City’s storied football field to get $6M renovation 7:10 pm Second arrest made in Sidney kidnapping, assault investigation 7:04 pm Woman accused of taping her toddler son to wall indicted 6:44 pm Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 29° F Overcast Feels Like: 17° F Wind: W 16 Humidity: 72% Dewpoint: 21° F Sunrise: 7:48 AM Sunset: 5:50 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines Snickers to air live Super Bowl ad January 26, 2017 The ad, starring actor Adam Driver, will be broadcast on February 5 during the most-watched live TV event in the U.S. Reports: Cleveland Indians to host 2019 MLB All-Star Game January 26, 2017 The Indians will hold a press conference on Friday morning to announce that they will host the 2019 MLB All-Star Game at Progressive Field All-Williams final set at Australian Open January 26, 2017 Kings stun Cavs 116-112 in overtime January 26, 2017 Buckeyes hold off Gophers rally for 78-72 win January 26, 2017 Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Featured: Teacher of the Month Latest Headlines Pet of the Week 1:38 pm Avoiding business schemes and scams 1:38 pm Businesses are often targeted by scammers, but fortunately, there are things business owners can do to protect their operations. Firebirds Wood Fired Grill tailgating foods 1:37 pm Fisher House Benefit Concert 1:37 pm Benefits of getting organized 1:36 pm More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Search for: Search the site 29° F Overcast Hi: 32° F Lo: 23° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US MICHELLE CHAPMAN and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, AP Business Writers Published: January 17, 2017, 12:38 pm Updated: January 17, 2017, 12:46 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. It said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Preble Shawnee teacher accused of stealing from Wal-Mart, faces theft charge Suspect in fatal shooting of officer has lengthy record Run-DMC sues Wal-Mart, Amazon for $50 million VIDEO: Suspect in officer’s slaying spews expletives at judge Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2017 WDTN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
GoSearch 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 40° Low 28° High 51° Fayetteville 36° Low 26° High 44° Bentonville 36° Low 27° High 45° See complete forecast Walmart To Add 10,000 Retail Jobs, Invest In Training In 2017 Posted 8:34 am, January 17, 2017, by Shawnya Meyers, Updated at 01:56PM, January 17, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Walmart To Add 10,000 Retail Jobs, Invest In Training In 2017 BENTONVILLE (KFSM) — Walmart announced on Tuesday (Jan. 17) they will be adding more than 30,000 jobs and investing in training hundreds of thousands of employees in 2017. The company, which employs about 1.5 million people in the United States, will be creating an estimated 34,000 jobs through expanding and improving the company’s network and e-commerce services, according to a company news release. Approximately 10,000 retail jobs will be added thanks to the addition of 59 new, expanded or relocated Sam’s Club and Walmart stores. The remaining new jobs will come through constructing and remodeling those facilities. Walmart will be spending about $6.8 billion on capital investments during the year, including building and remodeling facilities and expanding new services like the online grocery pickup, the release states. Additionally, Walmart will be adding 160 training academies in the nation, which should be open by July. The release states that an estimated 225,000 employees will graduate from the training academies in 2017, after receiving six weeks of specialty training in retail fundamentals, leadership skills and running store departments.     Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. 2 comments Linda Camacho So many of those are not permanent jobs. January 17, 2017 at 11:08 am Reply Report comment Never go full liberal Neither permanent nor full time, they just have to throw that out there to make themselves look good and feel better about themselves. January 17, 2017 at 2:17 pm Reply Report comment High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule Burger King Employees Accused Of Selling Marijuana To Customers Ordering ‘Fries Extra Crispy’ Deputies: Crawford County Couple Arrested In Child Abuse Investigation Fort Smith Man Contestant On Wheel Of Fortune Episode Motorcyclist Dies In Crawford County Collision Latest News 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule John Hurt Dies: Legendary ‘Harry Potter’ Actor Was 77 Tyson Donates 70,000 Pounds Of Protein To Aid Tornado Recovery In Georgia, Mississippi Promotion For Local Firefighter Celebrated Near Firefighter Recognition Day Vian Hires First Ever Paid Female Police Officer News 130 Employees Cut During ArcBest Restructuring News Walton Family Donates $2 Million Toward NWACC Education, Workforce Training Center News Pernod Ricard Announces Facility Expansion, Malibu Rum To Be Bottled In Fort Smith Plant News Mars Petcare Announces $72 Million Investment Into Fort Smith Operations, Adding 130 Jobs News Report: Walmart To Cut Nearly 1,000 Jobs By End Of Month News Walmart Eyewear Facility Tour News ORT To Offer Fayetteville/Bentonville Commuter Route News Woman Finds Snake In Shopping Cart At Van Buren Walmart News As Crawford Co. Unveils New Jail, Other Counties Discuss Need For New Facilities News The Lumineers & Their Music Light Up The Walmart AMP News Local Small Businesses Reaching New Heights News Amazon Says It Will Create 100,000 Jobs Across The U.S. News Sears Sells Craftsman Brand To Stanley Black & Decker Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 641 51 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 The U.S. retail giant says it will create 10,000 new retail jobs this year. Post to Facebook Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 The U.S. retail giant says it will create 10,000 new retail jobs this year.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jVdPOE {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 60 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 Adam Shell , USA TODAY Published 10:48 a.m. ET Jan. 17, 2017 | Updated 4:44 p.m. ET Jan. 17, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Walmart's big public announcement adding 10,000 U.S. jobs should please the President-elect. USA TODAY NETWORK A Walmart in Marietta, Ga. (Photo: Erik S. Lesser, EPA) 641 CONNECTTWEET 51 LINKEDIN 60 COMMENTEMAILMORE Retail giant Walmart said Tuesday that it will create 10,000 new retail jobs in the U.S. this year, the latest American company to promote its domestic-focused hiring and investment ahead of Friday's transfer of power from President Obama to President-elect Donald Trump. The new Walmart hires will work at soon-to-be-opened stores, expanded existing stores and e-commerce services, the company said Tuesday. In addition, Walmart said an estimated 24,000 construction jobs will support its plans to open new stores and remodel existing ones. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we can play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," Dan Bartlett, Walmart's executive vice president for corporate affairs, said in a statement. The low-price retailer pays its workers about  $9 per hour to $24.70 per hour, according to a year-ago press release announcing 2016 pay hikes for employees that went into effect last February. The average wage for full-time workers was $13.38 per hour, and $10.58 per hour, on average, for part-time workers, according to a Walmart press release. USA TODAY American Apparel to lay off hundreds Walmart, which employs 1.5 million U.S. workers, is the latest American company to go on the public relations offensive and emphasize its commitment to U.S. workers since Trump won the presidential election in November. The billionaire businessman has stressed via tweets and public statements his preference for U.S. firms to boost investment and create more jobs in the U.S., rather than set up shop in cheaper locales around the globe. "Companies (are) getting in front of the shape of things to come, and that is Trump will think USA first at all times; so politics matter to these companies," says Gary Kaltbaum, president of Kaltbaum Capital Management. "Politically, it puts them 'in favor' with the new administration while creating jobs here." The list of companies stressing their commitment to the U.S. is growing. General Motors, for example, announced Tuesday that it will invest an additional $1 billion in U.S. manufacturing, on top of the $21 billion it has invested in U.S. operations since 2009. In a statement, GM said a "combination of 1,500 new and retained jobs are tied to the new investments." The moves by Walmart and GM follow last week's announcement by online retailer Amazon.com that it plans to create more than 100,000 U.S. jobs in the next 18 months. Earlier in January, automaker Ford said it was canceling plans to build a new plant in Mexico and instead would make a $700 million investment in Michigan, creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. Back in November, air conditioner maker Carrier announced a deal to keep roughly 1,000 jobs in Indianapolis after nixing plans to move jobs to Mexico. USA TODAY GM to invest $1 billion in U.S. after pressure from Trump Walmart's job announcement follows the retailer's decision in January 2016 to announce the closing of 154 poor-performing U.S. stores, which affected 10,000 U.S. workers. And in September, the company said it would eliminate 7,000 store accounting and invoicing positions as the company moved to automate those processes, but said workers would be offered positions elsewhere in its stores. Walmart also said Tuesday that it would open 160 new "training Academies around the country" and provide "specialty training" for more than 225,000 of its workers. The retailer also is planning $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year. Longer term, Walmart reiterated a commitment made in 2013 to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. 641 CONNECTTWEET 51 LINKEDIN 60 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jVdPOE NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News Walmart to add 10,000 jobs this year By Allen Cone   |   Jan. 17, 2017 at 11:47 AM Follow @upi Comments Jan. 17 (UPI) -- Walmart plans to add 10,000 jobs through expansion in the United States, the Bentonville-Ark.-based company announced Tuesday. The retailer said in a release the jobs will be created through the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam's Club outlets as well as e-commerce services. The company also said an estimated 34,000 construction workers will used for projects. Walmart employs 2.4 mililon associates worldwide -- including 1.4 million in the United States -- at 11,593 stories in 28 countries with revenue of $482.1 billion, according to the company. Forbes ranks Walmart as the largest retailer in the United States. Last year, Walmart cut 10,000 store jobs after closing its 154 Walmart Express stores, and some 7,000 back-office positions were also eliminated. The 2017 plans are part of a $6.8 billion of capital investments in the United States in the coming fiscal year, which starts in February. Walmart also plans to beef up its training, opening 160 new training academies around the country, bringing the total to 200. The company said more than 225,000 associates will receive up to six weeks of specialty training and graduate from the academies this year. "The training is designed to help associates be successful in their careers and in meeting the changing needs of customers," the company said in a release. This year, the Walmart Foundation will provide $3 million in grants through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund to six universities "working to advance sustainability and innovations in textile manufacturing, which has proven to be one of the most challenging industries to reshore to the U.S." Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have funded $10 million in grants since 2014. The six schools are Washington State, North Carolina State, Clemson, Oregon State, Texas Tech and University of Massachusetts Lowell. In 2013, Walmart committed to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023 and estimated to help create 1 million jobs. The announcement comes as President-elect Donald Trump has criticized companies for moving jobs abroad or created new manufacturing locations overseas. "It's always important to articulate how you're creating jobs in your country," Dan Bartlett, Walmart executive vice president for corporate affairs, said in an interview with The Washington Post. "Obviously, the conversation happening in our country right now, there's a role for the private sector to have a voice in that conversation. And I think companies should be proud to stand up and talk about how they're making positive contributions in their communities. So the timing seems right." Like us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Run-DMC sues Amazon, Walmart for copyright infringement Carrier deal does not carry the day for American workers Hyundai, General Motors latest automakers to announce billion-dollar U.S. investments Mexico warns Trump border tariff would trigger 'global recession' Comments Topics: Donald Trump, Dan Bartlett Trending UPI Pulitzer Prizes: The stories behind the pictures and words Trending UPI Pulitzer Prizes: The stories behind the pictures and words Latest Headlines Trump, Nieto talk by phone, agree to keep talks of wall payment private 53 minutes ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- Less than 48 hours after President Trump ordered a new wall for the U.S.-Mexico border, he spoke to Mexico's leader by phone Friday and smoothed out the edges. President Trump: What the new White House has done so far 1 hour ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- In his first days in office, President Donald Trump has taken action on issues including healthcare, abortion, trade and oil pipelines. Trump signs orders to beef-up military, toughen visa checks for refugees 3 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- President Trump made good on two more campaign promises Friday -- to strengthen the military and ramp up vetting of foreign nationals seeking a U.S. visa. Trump, British PM May tout cooperation, shared vision at White House meeting 6 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- President Trump began showing his diplomatic side during a joint news conference with British Prime Minister Theresa May at the White House. Full text, video of VP Mike Pence's March for Life remarks 7 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- Vice President Mike Pence told thousands of abortion opponents gathered in Washington, D.C., that "life is winning again in America." UPI Latest Trending Stories Duterte apologizes for police killing of South Korean businessman China displays new version of bomber ahead of national holiday Watch live: Theresa May, Donald Trump hold press conference Terry Edwards executed in Texas for 2002 double murder Fugitive on FBI 'most wanted' list for '83 Texas murder surrenders More Collections Dow breaks 20,000 for the first time in history Activists protest oil pipelines after President Trump's executive orders Trump administration's first days Inauguration Day in America Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Walmart touts plans to add thousands of jobs in 2017 Tuesday Jan 17, 2017 at 11:29 AM Jan 17, 2017 at 11:29 AM Sarah Halzack The Washington Post Walmart on Tuesday announced that it plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs and provide skills-building training to a quarter million of its workers by the end of 2017. The vast majority of the new positions will be in its stores, including the 59 Walmart and Sam's Club sites it is set to open, remodel or expand. The company says this level of job growth is consistent with what it has delivered over the last several years. In a news release outlining the moves, the world's largest retailer sought to cast itself as an engine for U.S. employment growth. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," said Dan Bartlett, Walmart's executive vice president for corporate affairs, in the release. That kind of messaging comes at a moment when President-elect Donald Trump has been sharply critical of companies that have moved jobs abroad or created new manufacturing facilities overseas. In an interview, The Washington Post asked Bartlett if he thinks the current political environment made it particularly crucial to talk up Walmart's employment strategies. "It's always important to articulate how you're creating jobs in your country," Bartlett said. "Obviously, the conversation happening in our country right now, there's a role for the private sector to have a voice in that conversation. And I think companies should be proud to stand up and talk about how they're making positive contributions in their communities. So the timing seems right." Other companies, too, have recently flaunted their commitment to creating jobs stateside. Earlier this month, when Stanley Black & Decker bought the Craftsman tool brand, it said it would be manufacturing all those products stateside and growing its U.S. workforce to do so. Amazon.com said last week that intends to add 100,000 positions nationwide over the next 18 months. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) Along with the 10,000 positions Walmart plans to add in 2017, the company says its expects its investments will support an additional 24,000 construction jobs. The world's largest retailer had previously announced it plans to spend $6.8 billion this year to do things such as build or remodel stores and establish new e-commerce distribution centers, moves that should foster demand in the construction business. The company developed this projection based on historical data about how many construction workers it has needed for such projects in the past. Meanwhile, Walmart will also continue its effort to attract and retain talent by expanding its Academies program that provides special training for store workers. This year, it will open some 160 new Academies to offer this kind of instruction, a sharp jump over the 40 it has today. "We're really putting the foot on the gas pedal and just investing in this training, because we see the immediate benefit of it," Bartlett said. By adding more Academies, the company says it will be able to offer up to six weeks of training to more than 225,000 workers. Walmart, like virtually every other player in corporate America, has an especially close eye on Washington these days, waiting to see the details of plans from the Trump administration and Congress that could dramatically reshape trade policy or corporate tax rules. However, Bartlett said, "It's way premature to try to calculate the puts and takes of the various policies that have been discussed." That's in part because we haven't heard the specifics yet of what these plans will call for. But, he said, as more details emerge, they have a framework for evaluating them. "The lens that we typically look at these things is, how does it affect our customers?" Walmart on Tuesday also shared the recipients of $3 million in grants that the Walmart Foundation is providing to six universities for studies of innovation in textile manufacturing, part of an earlier commitment it had made to funding research grants for projects on out how to make textiles more sustainably and to make more of them stateside. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Boomers Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
GoSearch WTTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CBS 4 – Indianapolis News, Weather, Traffic and Sports | WTTV Menu News Community Local Hot Spots Problem Solvers Contests Traffic Sports This Morning Weather 27° 27° Low 29° High 32° Sat 21° 33° Sun 21° 28° Mon 18° 34° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Walmart announces plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs in 2017 Posted 11:47 am, January 17, 2017, by CNN Wire, Updated at 11:54AM, January 17, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest File Walmart photo × Walmart announces plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs in 2017 File Walmart photo NEW YORK  — Walmart, the nation’s largest business employer, plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs this year. The job growth will represent less than 1% of the company’s current American workforce of about 1.5 million people. But it bucks the trend of major brick-and-mortar retailers, which have been slashing jobs and closing stores. 4 Fast Facts  Walmart announces plans to add 10,000 jobs in U.S. this year Some of the jobs come from the store’s e-commerce service Last year, the nation’s largest employer announced plans to close dozens of underperforming stores Other retailers have closed stores and eliminated jobs, including Macy’s, Kmart and Sears Macy’s is closing 68 stores and cutting more than 10,000 jobs. Sears Holdings is closing 150 Sears and Kmart stores, eliminating an undisclosed number of jobs. The Limited has closed all its stores, and American Apparel is likely to do the same in bankruptcy proceedings. Walmart itself announced a year ago it would close 269 underperforming stores, including 154, employing 10,000 workers, in the United States. Meanwhile, employment growth has come from online stores such as Amazon, which announced last week it would add U.S. 100,000 jobs. Walmart said Tuesday it would expand, renovate or relocate 59 Walmart and Sam’s Club stores. Some of the jobs will come from expanding or improving e-commerce services. The company reiterated plans to make $6.8 billion of capital investments in the United States with expansion and remodeling of its stores. It said its plans will also lead to 24,000 temporary construction jobs. Walmart made no mention of President-elect Donald Trump in its announcement. But companies have been under pressure commit to U.S. jobs ahead of his inauguration Friday. Ford scrapped plans for a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico two weeks ago and said it would expand a Michigan plant, adding 700 jobs there. Lockheed Martin, which, like Ford, had been criticized by Trump, announced Friday it would add 1,800 jobs to its F-35 fighter program. And Sprint said it is bringing 5,000 jobs back to the US. Walmart, which imports heavily from China and Mexico, is facing pressure on U.S. jobs as well, even if Trump hasn’t focused on the retailer the way he has other companies. When Walmart announced plans in December to add 10,000 jobs in Mexico over the next three years, Trump did not criticize the move. Walmart said at the time that it was not moving any jobs from the United States as part of its Mexican expansion. Walmart committed in 2013 to purchase $250 billion more in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. It estimated that would add 1 million U.S. jobs. It cited three suppliers who are moving operations from foreign countries back to the U.S., which it said will create a little over 1,000 jobs among them. Walmart has also been under pressure from union-backed groups seeking increases in the minimum wage across the nation. It has raised the minimum wage for its American workers to at least $10 an hour. Filed in: National & World, News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Popular Grieving parents question coroner’s ruling on daughter’s ‘accidental’ death Construction on I-65 bridges to close 3 south side ramps for 150 days Take a look at who could replace Ryan Grigson as Colts’ GM Indiana home buyers shocked over sudden suspension of mortgage insurance rate cut Latest News John Hurt dies: Legendary ‘Harry Potter’ actor was 77 IU Health helps plan wedding for critically ill patient who suffers from cystic fibrosis Cool weather and tracking chance for accumulating snow this weekend Trump signs executive action to limit flow of refugees into US National & World News Sears sells Craftsman brand to Stanley Black & Decker in deal worth $900 million News Retailers drop Thanksgiving hours amid backlash National & World News Full list of 150 Kmart and Sears stores to close by spring; 3 closing in Indiana News Retailers plan to hire thousands in central Indiana for holiday rush National & World News Macy’s to close stores, cut 10,000 jobs amid weak sales; no Indiana stores affected National & World News Amazon says it will create 100,000 jobs across the U.S. National & World News Here’s when Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Target, other major stores will open on Black Friday News Should other stores follow Mall of America’s lead by closing on Thanksgiving? News JCPenney, Kohl’s, Macy’s and Sears sued over misleading prices News Rexnord, Carrier workers plot layoff strategies News Don’t order too late for Christmas! Find shipping deadlines for major retailers News Carrier employees react to news that deal will save over 1,000 jobs News Donald Trump, Mike Pence reach deal to keep nearly 1,000 Carrier jobs in Indianapolis Mobile Apps iOS App Android App Android Weather Authority App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 6910 Network Place Indianapolis, IN 46278 • Copyright © 2017, WTTV • CBS Indianapolis - A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Report It Community Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes 29° F Overcast Hi: 32° F Lo: 24° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Latest Headlines Police: Kitchen sink stolen from Warren home Updated: 3 mins ago A woman told police her screen door had been peeled away and the main entrance appeared to be broken with a shovel. $7,000 worth of cocaine, heroin found at East Liverpool home Updated: 8 mins ago The Columbiana County Drug Task Force also recovered over $14,000 and a pistol in the home. NAACP looking into cotton-picking activity at Cardinal Mooney 7:48 pm All-Star Game coming to Cleveland intensifies city’s sports high 5:52 pm Youngstown councilman eyes president position 7:18 pm 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Current Conditions 29° F Overcast Feels Like: 17° F Wind: W 17 Humidity: 69% Dewpoint: 20° F Sunrise: 7:37 AM Sunset: 5:33 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Latest Headlines Bristol boys clinch 6th straight league title Updated: 35 mins ago The Panthers clinched the Northeastern Athletic Conference Stripes division Friday night with a 84-52 victory over Southington Lakeview’s Garrison commits to Charleston 8:32 pm Garrison caught 38 passes this past season for 599 yards, and scored 4 touchdowns Western Reserve Boys’ Basketball Stats (Thru Jan. 26) 7:09 pm Maplewood Girls’ Basketball Stats (Thru Jan. 27) 7:00 pm Strong defense enables Leetonia to upset Lisbon 7:00 am Report It Community Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes Search for: Search the site 29° F Overcast Hi: 32° F Lo: 24° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US The chain is planning $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which starts on Feb. 1 By The Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 8:38 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) NEW YORK (AP) – Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. says there will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam’s Clubs facilities. The chain is planning $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which starts on Feb. 1. The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup. Last week Amazon announced that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. (Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.) [protected-iframe id=”a4bcc90cde0b05e763c7e35a265f33a5-67417911-47552836″ info=”http://wx.wkbn.com/html/news/photo-galleries/photo-gallery.html&#8221; width=”100%” height=”785px” frame Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Walmart to add 10,000 retail jobs in the US Amazon plans to hire 100,000 US workers over the next 18 months Defendant in Hermitage Wal-Mart shooting appears in court Gas prices are lower in Ohio and below national average Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 1998-2017 WKBN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc | All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN news app WKBN weather app ION Television LAFF Get TV Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Watch: Poland vs. Lakeview boys Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Walmart in new jobs commitment January 17, 2017 | By Marianne Wilson Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer with nearly 1.5 million associates, plans to add 10,000 new retail jobs in its upcoming fiscal year, which begins on February 1, 2017.   The discounter says the new jobs will be created through the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam’s Club facilities as well as e-commerce services.     In addition, the chain noted that an estimated 24,000 construction jobs will be supported through the opening of the new facilities and the remodeling and improvement of existing ones.   Walmart is planning $6.8 billion of capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which includes construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, as well as the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup.   "Walmart is investing to better serve customers,” said Dan Bartlett, Walmart executive VP for corporate affairs. “With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs. Our 2017 plans to grow our business – and our support for innovation in the textile industry – will have a meaningful impact across the county.” Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Eyeglass retail giant in $49 billion merger Study: Retailers need to pay attention to Gen Z Another teen apparel retailer to close all stores Struggling department store chain revamps employee discount program Target names new chief marketing officer Rebecca Minkoff puts virtual mirror into shoppers hands Target axes kids’ shopping carts Unusual deal gives Aeropostale new lease on life — and it just got better Flip-Flop Shops on the move Target first out of the gate with holiday hiring plans Solutions Spotlight Taking Stock of Retail’s Analytics Capabilities When it comes to using data and analytics to drive business results, where does the retail industry stand relative to other industries? And more importantly, where does your company stand against a retail industry index?  Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts First-of-its-kind store for Bed, Bath & Beyond Bed, Bath & Beyond is debuting a new store format — complete with a... Target Open House closed — but just for a couple of months Target Corp. its updating its experimental concept store in San Francisco,... Amazon opens a self-driving styled convenience store — with no checkouts More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Holiday sales better than expected; data reveals winners — and losers It was a less than merry holiday for some retailers, especially in the... Report: Future of retail IoT more than beacons Omnichannel is so 2016, with mPOS, staff handhelds/wearables, camera... Study: The first ‘digitally native’ generation shops in stores Generation Z grew up online, but that doesn’t mean that’s where... Trending Stores Warby Parker, Palo Alto, Calif. Warby Parker has set up shop in downtown Palo Alto in a Spanish Colonial Revival building built in 1927. More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS Golden Hammer Awards   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Wal-Mart Has a New Plan to Take on Amazon The company has the right idea, but it's one lots of retailers have struggled with. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Jan 17, 2017 at 9:58AM Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) is working to leverage the one advantage it has over Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) to gain ground on the online leader. The problem is that nearly every bricks-and-mortar retailer pursuing a digital strategy has the same idea: Use the fact that you have physical stores to support your online business. It's a concept that can work to stop sales from dropping, or even slightly grow them, but so far, the idea that physical stores can push online operations to new heights remains just a theory. If any company can make it happen, though, it would be Wal-Mart, which has a physical infrastructure on a stunning scale. The challenge for the chain is moving from an operation built to supply its stores to one that can also handle individual orders in a variety of ways. To make that happen, Wal-Mart will have to change its entire culture. The company can't stop servicing its physical locations, but it has to put its online customers -- including those who want to pick up or drop off a return in-store -- on par with (or even above) those who shop in-person at a bricks-and-mortar location. It's recently made some personnel moves that seem aimed at making that happen. Wal-Mart makes some moves that could help it better take on Amazon. Image source: Wal-Mart. What is Wal-Mart doing? The company understands just how big a challenge it faces. Its first major move was to spend $3.3 billion acquiring Jet.com and then putting its CEO, Marc Lore, in charge of Wal-Mart's entire digital operation. In theory, that purchase brought some start-up culture to Wal-Mart's entrenched, traditional retail way of doing things. Putting Lore in charge also sent a strong message, but it was one that perhaps did not impact the traditional bricks-and-mortar part of the company because the new digital CEO did not have much pull at the chain's physical stores. That looks to be changing, however, as the company has moved two key executives under Lore and into roles that bridge both physical and digital operations, ReCode reported. Jeremy King, who served as chief technology officer for the company's online operations in the United States, will now add technology operations at physical stores to his purview. In addition, Tony Rogers, who had been chief marketing officer for Wal-Mart's U.S. stores, will now also head up marketing for Walmart.com and Jet.com. "We were starting to see our stores and eCommerce teams solving many of the same problems and now we can remove what might've become more duplication in the future," Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said in a memo, according to ReCode. "I know change isn't always easy, but, I'm certain our future success is partially dependent on becoming more of a technology company in our stores and clubs and everywhere else the customer sees us." Call this a "One Wal-Mart" movement where to take on Amazon the company has to stop thinking of digital as an add-on to or a separate business from its physical stores. It's a way of thinking that could change everything for the chain if Lore actually has the freedom to push digital solutions where they make sense even if it hurts in-store sales. Wal-Mart wants to make a leap Making this type of change is not about simply growing online sales. The company has been doing that steadily, with global e-commerce growing by 20.6% in the most recent quarter. Instead, the task facing Lore and his team is completely reimagining how the retailer does business in order to be a true Amazon rival. That ultimately could mean fewer stores or using space inside bricks-and-mortar locations previously devoted to serving in-store customers to fulfill digital orders. This is about much more than ordering online and picking up in store. It's an internal fight for Wal-Mart to decide whether it wants to put whatever the customer wants and however the customer wants it over doing business more or less as it always has. This type of change, as McMillon said, isn't always easy, and, in fact, it often proves impossible. Wal-Mart has put people into place and the chain's management seems to understand the challenge, but actually solving the problem could require some very painful moves. Buying Jet.com, putting Lore in charge, and making these latest moves shows that Wal-Mart at least understands where it needs to go. Getting there, however, won't be a straight line and it will require finding a way to turn the world's largest physical retailer into a company that's a technology-first, consumer-first operation. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. He had a miserable experience buying from Walmart.com, but suspects it would be better now. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Jan 17, 2017 at 9:58AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $835.77 down $-3.38 (-0.40%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $65.66 down $-1.07 (-1.60%) Read More Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Wal-Mart Raises the Stakes in E-commerce Arms Race With Amazon Berkshire Hathaway Sold $2 Billion of Wal-Mart Stock: Time for You to Sell, Too? Jet.com Holiday Sales Are Growing Fourfold Thanks to Wal-Mart Will Wal-Mart Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Wal-Mart Has a New Plan to Take on Amazon @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT
null
Police Investigating Stolen Merchandise from Local Store - WOWK 13 Charleston, Huntington WV News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News West Virginia Floods Bizarre News Crime/Courts Education Elections Emergencies Government Health Missing Persons More News Special Reports Weather StormTracker 13 Weather App 7 Day Forecast Weather Eyes Radar Local Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temps Regional Sat School Closings Local Weather Warnings Sports High School Football Scores High School Sports Hooked on the Outdoors Local Sports Marshall Sports The Big Game Summer Sports Spectacular West Virginia Illustrated Video Community Coupon Bug Events Calendar Journey WOWKitchen Recipe West Virginia Day What's On WOWK TV Schedule Decision Makers Contests About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us EEO/Public Files FCC Public Inspection File Meet the Team Tactive Digital Work For Us Police Need Help Identifying Ladies That Stole Computer Police Investigating Stolen Merchandise from Local Store Posted: Sunday, January 15, 2017 3:00 PM EST Updated: Sunday, January 15, 2017 10:57 PM EST By Joseph Fitzwater, Assignment Editor Email Connect jfitzwater@wowktv.com © Nitro Police Department © Nitro Police Department © Nitro Police Department UPDATE STORY: 8 p.m. January 15th, 2017 Nitro Police have now identified the two females who stole from the Wal-Mart in Nitro on Saturday. Police thank the public for their help in identifying the females. ORIGINAL STORY: 4 p.m. January 15th, 2017 Nitro Police are seeking help in identifying two females who stole from the Wal-Mart in Nitro on Saturday. At approximately 2:30 p.m. Saturday, two females visited the Wal-Mart in Nitro, where they stole a computer. That computer is valued at approximately $500. The two females were accompanied by a young male juvenile. The male juvenile pulled the fire alarm on one side of the store to distract the employees. The two females and the male then exited the store together through a side door with the stolen computer and a ball that the male stole. The three of them left the area in an older model maroon Buick Regal that has sustained body damage. The Nitro Police Department would appreciate any help identifying the two females. If you know either of these three people, you are asked to contact Nitro Police Patrolman Hastings at 304-348-8111. Crime/CourtsCrime/CourtsMore>> Jail Stabbing Sends One to the Hospital Jail Stabbing Sends One to the Hospital Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 7:41 PM EST2017-01-28 00:41:11 GMT One person has been transported to the hospital after a stabbing at a Kanawha County jail. The incident occurred at South Central Regional Jail on Centre Way in Charleston. At this time, one person was transported to the hospital with unknown injuries. It is not known what may have caused the incident.  We will provide more information on this story as soon as we receive it. One person has been transported to the hospital after a stabbing at a Kanawha County jail. The incident occurred at South Central Regional Jail on Centre Way in Charleston. At this time, one person was transported to the hospital with unknown injuries. It is not known what may have caused the incident.  We will provide more information on this story as soon as we receive it. Former Baylor Student Files New Lawsuit Alleging Rape Former Baylor Student Files New Lawsuit Alleging Rape Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:36 PM EST2017-01-27 23:36:09 GMT A former Baylor University student who says she was raped by two football players has filed a federal lawsuit against the school that alleges there were dozens more assaults involving other women and players. A former Baylor University student who says she was raped by two football players has filed a federal lawsuit against the school that alleges there were dozens more assaults involving other women and players. Man Wanted in Connection with Fatal Huntington Shooting Man Wanted in Connection with Fatal Huntington Shooting Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 4:31 PM EST2017-01-27 21:31:19 GMT Arrest warrants have been issued for a Michigan man who is wanted in connection to a fatal shooting that occurred Tuesday, January 24th in Huntington. Arrest warrants were issued for Kelly Lee Powell Jr., aka “Shanks”, 22, of Pontiac, Michigan, for murder and malicious wounding. Officers responded to a shooting in the 2700 block of 9th Avenue on the 24th of January.  Brandon Lee Taylor, 28, died of gunshot wounds and Royaire Elterro Deray Churchill, 23, s... Arrest warrants have been issued for a Michigan man who is wanted in connection to a fatal shooting that occurred Tuesday, January 24th in Huntington. Arrest warrants were issued for Kelly Lee Powell Jr., aka “Shanks”, 22, of Pontiac, Michigan, for murder and malicious wounding. Officers responded to a shooting in the 2700 block of 9th Avenue on the 24th of January.  Brandon Lee Taylor, 28, died of gunshot wounds and Royaire Elterro Deray Churchill, 23, s... Putnam County Teen Arrested On Meth Charges Putnam County Teen Arrested On Meth Charges Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 2:43 PM EST2017-01-27 19:43:03 GMT On January 26th,The Special Enforcement Unit of the Putnam County Deputy Sheriff's arrested Jacob B. McComas of Liberty. McComas was charged for the Possession with intent to deliver methamphetamine. We will update with the latest information as it becomes available. On January 26th,The Special Enforcement Unit of the Putnam County Deputy Sheriff's arrested Jacob B. McComas of Liberty. McComas was charged for the Possession with intent to deliver methamphetamine. We will update with the latest information as it becomes available. Ohio Mom Gets 8 Years in Prison for Heroin Death of 11-Month-Old Ohio Mom Gets 8 Years in Prison for Heroin Death of 11-Month-Old An Ohio woman whose 11-month-old son died from ingesting heroin has been sentenced to eight years in prison. An Ohio woman whose 11-month-old son died from ingesting heroin has been sentenced to eight years in prison. 2 Arrested in Drug Investigation after Pike County Homicides 2 Arrested in Drug Investigation after Pike County Homicides Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 12:03 PM EST2017-01-27 17:03:37 GMT Evidence in this case was discovered during the investigation into last year's killings of eight members of the Rhoden family. Evidence in this case was discovered during the investigation into last year's killings of eight members of the Rhoden family. Police: Special Ed Teacher Drove Drunk to Work, Crashed Car Police: Special Ed Teacher Drove Drunk to Work, Crashed Car Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:57 AM EST2017-01-27 15:57:59 GMT MONROEVILLE, PA (AP) - A western Pennsylvania special education teacher has resigned after police charged him with driving drunk to work and crashing his car at the campus entrance of a high school. Fifty-four-year-old Michael Mastorovich is charged with driving under the influence, resisting arrest, public drunkenness and criminal mischief. Officers were dispatched to Gateway High School just before 7 a.m. Tuesday following reports of an accident. Police found a vehicle in a g... MONROEVILLE, PA (AP) - A western Pennsylvania special education teacher has resigned after police charged him with driving drunk to work and crashing his car at the campus entrance of a high school. Fifty-four-year-old Michael Mastorovich is charged with driving under the influence, resisting arrest, public drunkenness and criminal mischief. Officers were dispatched to Gateway High School just before 7 a.m. Tuesday following reports of an accident. Police found a vehicle in a g... Parents say Baby Injured at Huntington, WV Daycare Parents say Baby Injured at Huntington, WV Daycare Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 11:02 PM EST2017-01-27 04:02:18 GMT The parents of a 5-month old baby say their son was hurt at at Huntington, WV daycare. When they picked up their son this week, they say they noticed his face was covered in scratches and bruises. The boy's mother says the daycare in question has given her different stories as to what happened. She and her husband tell 13 News they have filed a report with the Huntington Police Department. Stay with us as we continue to follow this developing story.  The parents of a 5-month old baby say their son was hurt at at Huntington, WV daycare. When they picked up their son this week, they say they noticed his face was covered in scratches and bruises. The boy's mother says the daycare in question has given her different stories as to what happened. She and her husband tell 13 News they have filed a report with the Huntington Police Department. Stay with us as we continue to follow this developing story.  How Huntington budget cuts may affect public safety and services Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 6:34 PM EST2017-01-26 23:34:48 GMT The hammer came down Thursday on Huntington's budget crisis. The city issued layoffs and cut services. The questions now surround how public safety and security will be affected. The hammer came down Thursday on Huntington's budget crisis. The city issued layoffs and cut services. The questions now surround how public safety and security will be affected. Update: Arrest Made in Boone County Stabbing Update: Arrest Made in Boone County Stabbing Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 4:20 PM EST2017-01-26 21:20:46 GMT Boone County dispatchers have confirmed that one person was stabbed in the Bull Creek area today, Thursday, January, 26th, 2017. Boone County dispatchers have confirmed that one person was stabbed in the Bull Creek area today, Thursday, January, 26th, 2017.    Top VideoMore>> Hooked on the Outdoors - Fishing Class Hooked on the Outdoors - Fishing Class Chicken In A Sweater? We Found One! Chicken In A Sweater? We Found One! Governor Justice Owes $4.6 Million in Mine Fees Governor Justice Owes $4.6 Million in Mine Fees Restaurant Week - Aldephia Sports Bar and Grill Restaurant Week - Aldephia Sports Bar and Grill Student nearly struck by vehicle at bus stop Student nearly struck by vehicle at bus stop    SlideshowsMore>> Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Updated: Tuesday, October 25 2016 5:12 PM EDT2016-10-25 21:12:29 GMT Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Updated: Monday, October 24 2016 3:31 PM EDT2016-10-24 19:31:36 GMT Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. List of events at the Rod Run & Doo Wop List of events at the Rod Run & Doo Wop Updated: Friday, October 7 2016 8:51 AM EDT2016-10-07 12:51:07 GMT Here's a list of all the events you can attend. Here's a list of all the events you can attend. Girls Night Out 2016 raises money for YWCA Resolve Family Abuse Program Girls Night Out 2016 raises money for YWCA Resolve Family Abuse Program Updated: Sunday, August 14 2016 10:33 PM EDT2016-08-15 02:33:29 GMT About 1,300 women filled the West Virginia Culture Center for Girls Night Out 2016 on August 13, 2016 raising money for the YWCA.  About 1,300 women filled the West Virginia Culture Center for Girls Night Out 2016 on August 13, 2016 raising money for the YWCA.  2016 Huntington Dress for Success and Stiletto Stroll Event 2016 Huntington Dress for Success and Stiletto Stroll Event Updated: Saturday, May 21 2016 11:37 AM EDT2016-05-21 15:37:56 GMT The Dress for Success River Cities hosted their 4th annual Power Walk, 5K Run, and Stiletto Stroll on Saturday, May 21, 2016 at Ritter Park in Huntington, WV. Here are some pictures from the event. The Dress for Success River Cities hosted their 4th annual Power Walk, 5K Run, and Stiletto Stroll on Saturday, May 21, 2016 at Ritter Park in Huntington, WV. Here are some pictures from the event.    WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor Email Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Beware New "Can You Hear Me?" Scam Beware New "Can You Hear Me?" Scam Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 8:59 PM EST2017-01-27 01:59:30 GMT It’s not a Verizon commercial: If you receive a phone call from someone asking “can you hear me,” hang up. You’re a potential victim in the latest scam circulating around the U.S.  Virginia police are now warning about the scheme, which also sparked warnings by Pennsylvania authorities late last year.  It’s not a Verizon commercial: If you receive a phone call from someone asking “can you hear me,” hang up. You’re a potential victim in the latest scam circulating around the U.S.  Virginia police are now warning about the scheme, which also sparked warnings by Pennsylvania authorities late last year.  Infants found in back of overdosed couple’s SUV, sheriff says Infants found in back of overdosed couple’s SUV, sheriff says Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 3:53 PM EST2017-01-27 20:53:22 GMT Two infants were found in the back of an SUV as two adults were found sleeping in the front after overdosing in a gas station parking lot. Two infants were found in the back of an SUV as two adults were found sleeping in the front after overdosing in a gas station parking lot. Burger King workers sold marijuana at drive-thru Burger King workers sold marijuana at drive-thru Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 8:34 AM EST2017-01-27 13:34:44 GMT CBS Boston It wasn't known if they had lawyers and phone numbers couldn't be found for them. It wasn't known if they had lawyers and phone numbers couldn't be found for them. Proposal would establish California as separate nation Proposal would establish California as separate nation Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 10:05 PM EST2017-01-27 03:05:24 GMT LOS ANGELES (AP) - Another attempt is underway that could establish California as a separate nation. A proposal has been submitted to state election officials that would ask voters to repeal part of the state constitution that declares California an inseparable part of the United States. If it qualifies for the ballot and is approved by voters, the proposal could be a step to a future vote on whether California should break away from the U.S. Supporters Thursday were cleared to beg... LOS ANGELES (AP) - Another attempt is underway that could establish California as a separate nation. A proposal has been submitted to state election officials that would ask voters to repeal part of the state constitution that declares California an inseparable part of the United States. If it qualifies for the ballot and is approved by voters, the proposal could be a step to a future vote on whether California should break away from the U.S. Supporters Thursday were cleared to beg... Police warn drivers after woman gets tricked by dummy in road Police warn drivers after woman gets tricked by dummy in road Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 1:58 PM EST2017-01-26 18:58:35 GMT What a woman believed to be a young child in the middle of a roadway may have actually been bait used by would-be carjackers. What a woman believed to be a young child in the middle of a roadway may have actually been bait used by would-be carjackers. Update: Arrest Made in Boone County Stabbing Update: Arrest Made in Boone County Stabbing Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 4:20 PM EST2017-01-26 21:20:46 GMT Boone County dispatchers have confirmed that one person was stabbed in the Bull Creek area today, Thursday, January, 26th, 2017. Boone County dispatchers have confirmed that one person was stabbed in the Bull Creek area today, Thursday, January, 26th, 2017. Ohio Mom Gets 8 Years in Prison for Heroin Death of 11-Month-Old Ohio Mom Gets 8 Years in Prison for Heroin Death of 11-Month-Old An Ohio woman whose 11-month-old son died from ingesting heroin has been sentenced to eight years in prison. An Ohio woman whose 11-month-old son died from ingesting heroin has been sentenced to eight years in prison. President Trump Sends Note on Coal to Sen. Capito President Trump Sends Note on Coal to Sen. Capito Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 6:33 PM EST2017-01-26 23:33:26 GMT President Trump supports coal in note to Sen. Capito A handwritten note from President Trump to West Virginia Senator Shelly Moore Capito is generating a lot of buzz, especially on social media. Capito wrote asking for support on the Miner's Protection Act, stalled in Congress. The President wrote back, saying: "Shelley: Great I am all for the miners." The coal industry appreciates the response. "When you have a fellow in the White House who has a positive feeling about the coal miners, the use of coal and how significan... A handwritten note from President Trump to West Virginia Senator Shelly Moore Capito is generating a lot of buzz, especially on social media. Capito wrote asking for support on the Miner's Protection Act, stalled in Congress. The President wrote back, saying: "Shelley: Great I am all for the miners." The coal industry appreciates the response. "When you have a fellow in the White House who has a positive feeling about the coal miners, the use of coal and how significan... WV Governor's Coal Mines Owe $4.6 Million in Safety Fines, Penalties WV Governor's Coal Mines Owe $4.6 Million in Safety Fines, Penalties Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:01 AM EST2017-01-27 15:01:57 GMT West Virginia governor's coal mines owe $4.6 million in safety fines, penalties. West Virginia governor's coal mines owe $4.6 million in safety fines, penalties. Police Need Your Help Finding Missing Teenager Police Need Your Help Finding Missing Teenager Police Need Your Help Finding Missing Teenager Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 2:06 AM EST2017-01-26 07:06:57 GMT A female teenager is missing from the Saint Albans area. Mikaila Vargo never came home from school Wednesday. She was last seen Wednesday morning, when she was dropped off at school wearing blue jeans, a red sweater and boots. She is approx 5' 5" tall and weighs 130 pounds. She has blonde hair and green eyes.  Her hair is about half this length now. The Saint Albans Police Department is investigating. Call 9-1-1 or the department if you have any information le... A female teenager is missing from the Saint Albans area. Mikaila Vargo never came home from school Wednesday. She was last seen Wednesday morning, when she was dropped off at school wearing blue jeans, a red sweater and boots. She is approx 5' 5" tall and weighs 130 pounds. She has blonde hair and green eyes.  Her hair is about half this length now. The Saint Albans Police Department is investigating. Call 9-1-1 or the department if you have any information le...    WOWKTV.COM 350 Quarrier Street Charleston, WV 25301 Main (304) 343-1313 Fax (304) 343-6138 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WOWK. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Workforce > Walmart to Create 10,000 Jobs, Invest $6.8 Billion in US Walmart to Create 10,000 Jobs, Invest $6.8 Billion in US Jan 17, 2017 Agence France-Presse EMAIL Tweet Comments 2 "Our 2017 plans to grow our business -– and our support for innovation in the textile industry –- will have a meaningful impact across the county." Getty Images Advertisement Walmart announced on January 17 that it will invest $6.8 billion in the United States and create 10,000 jobs in stores and e-commerce, a move for which President-elect Donald Trump quickly took credit. The investment in 59 new, expanded or relocated Walmart and Sam's Club stores also will create an estimated 24,000 construction jobs, the company said. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," said Dan Bartlett, Walmart executive vice president for corporate affairs said. "Our 2017 plans to grow our business -– and our support for innovation in the textile industry –- will have a meaningful impact across the county." Popular Now Do Trade Deficits Matter? Why is America's Manufacturing Job Loss Greater than Other Industrialized Countries? Apple and the Battle for American Manufacturing The company, which is known for inexpensive and frequently imported products, said it plans to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023, estimated to help create one million jobs. Walmart and GM each announced investment and job creation plans on Tuesday, the latest in a series of companies to announce plans to do so -- including Ford and Amazon -- amid continued pressure, mostly via Twitter, from US President-elect Donald Trump who has threatened stiff penalties on companies that import products manufactured overseas. Shortly after the GM and Walmart announcements, Trump used two tweets to claim the jobs were a direct result of his own efforts. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our..... country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff,'" he said. Walmart's Bartlett, who is attending the US Conference of Mayors in Washington, also will announce that Walmart Foundation will provide $3 million in grants through the US Manufacturing Innovation Fund to six universities "working to advance sustainability and innovations in textile manufacturing, which has proven to be one of the most challenging industries to reshore to the U.S." The projects include commercial textile dyeing method that does not use salt or alkali, does not produce effluent, and produces more than 95% savings of both energy and water, and research to develop sustainable polyester fibers. The company also said it will open 160 new training academies by July, bringing to 200 the total number of facilities to train associates. Copyright Agence France-Presse, 2017 Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 2 Kimberpross on Jan 17, 2017 Corporations will outwardly communicate on-shoring and expansions domestically to win favor from the President elect, stay out of his cross hairs, even if they had planned it years ago. However, that in itself creates positive views of the economy and USA business support. Log In or Register to post comments dcb2219 on Jan 18, 2017 Though Walmart has been promoting USA programs to suppliers for years. A Company I worked for was honored at a shareholders meeting for a program that we brought back to the US from China 20 years ago. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles GM to Invest $1 Billion in Warren Technical Center, Creating 2,600 Jobs Largest Manufacturing Investment in Louisiana History to Create 7,000 Direct and Indirect Jobs Boeing's $1 Billion Expansion in South Carolina to Create 2,000 Jobs HCL Technologies to Add 10,000 Jobs Over Next 5 Years Daimler to Create 10,000 Jobs This Year THE LATEST The Trump Import Trade Agenda Takes Shape Mattis Orders Review of Lockheed F-35, Boeing Air Force One Moving From Dumb Manufacturing to Smart: Catching the Fourth Wave Trump Announces Manufacturing Jobs Initiative Chevron’s First Loss in Decades Signals Hard Time for Giants Digital Manufacturing Gets Its First Open Online Course More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Jan 24, 2017 Article IndustryWeek A Transfer of Power at Atlas Copco Atlas Copco CEO Ronnie Leten will depart from the company shortly. He shares several insights about his departure, change management and what is next....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Apple and the Battle for American Manufacturing Tesla Sues Former Director of Autopilot, Alleging Stolen Secrets Trump Announces Manufacturing Jobs Initiative The 10 Most Innovative Companies in the World Performance Metrics that Matter: Effective Productivity Measures IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Get Smart: Key considerations for developing smart machines and equipment Attacking Risk at its Roots The Path to Lowest Cost of Ownership with Industrial Automation Systems The Total Cost of Downtime in Industrial Automation The Components of Lowest Total Cost of Ownership with Automation Systems More   Advertisement More from EHS Today Work Safety Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2017 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Wal-Mart to add 10,000 jobs in the U.S. this year WALMART An employee restocks at a Wal-Mart in Burbank, California, on Nov. 22, 2016. (Bloomberg photo by Patrick T. Fallon) (Patrick T. Fallon) Print Email The Washington Post By The Washington Post The Times-Picayune Follow on Twitter on January 17, 2017 at 9:37 AM comments Wal-Mart on Tuesday announced that it plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs and provide skills-building training to a quarter million of its workers by the end of 2017. The vast majority of the new positions will be in its stores, including the 59 Wal-Mart and Sam's Club sites it is set to open, remodel or expand. The company says this level of job growth is consistent with what it has delivered over the last several years. In a news release outlining the moves, the world's largest retailer sought to cast itself as an engine for U.S. employment growth. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," said Dan Bartlett, Wal-Mart's executive vice president for corporate affairs, in the release. That kind of messaging comes at a moment when President-elect Donald Trump has been sharply critical of companies that have moved jobs abroad or created new manufacturing facilities overseas. In an interview, The Washington Post asked Bartlett if he thinks the current political environment made it particularly crucial to talk up Walmart's employment strategies. "It's always important to articulate how you're creating jobs in your country," Bartlett said. "Obviously, the conversation happening in our country right now, there's a role for the private sector to have a voice in that conversation. And I think companies should be proud to stand up and talk about how they're making positive contributions in their communities. So the timing seems right." Other companies, too, have recently flaunted their commitment to creating jobs stateside. Earlier this month, when Stanley Black & Decker bought the Craftsman tool brand, it said it would be manufacturing all those products stateside and growing its U.S. workforce to do so. Amazon.com said last week that intends to add 100,000 positions nationwide over the next 18 months. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) Along with the 10,000 positions Wal-Mart plans to add in 2017, the company says its expects its investments will support an additional 24,000 construction jobs. The world's largest retailer had previously announced it plans to spend $6.8 billion this year to do things such as build or remodel stores and establish new e-commerce distribution centers, moves that should foster demand in the construction business. The company developed this projection based on historical data about how many construction workers it has needed for such projects in the past. Meanwhile, Wal-Mart will also continue its effort to attract and retain talent by expanding its Academies program that provides special training for store workers. This year, it will open some 160 new Academies to offer this kind of instruction, a sharp jump over the 40 it has today. "We're really putting the foot on the gas pedal and just investing in this training, because we see the immediate benefit of it," Bartlett said. By adding more Academies, the company says it will be able to offer up to six weeks of training to more than 225,000 workers. Wal-Mart, like virtually every other player in corporate America, has an especially close eye on Washington these days, waiting to see the details of plans from the Trump administration and Congress that could dramatically reshape trade policy or corporate tax rules. However, Bartlett said, "It's way premature to try to calculate the puts and takes of the various policies that have been discussed." That's in part because we haven't heard the specifics yet of what these plans will call for. But, he said, as more details emerge, they have a framework for evaluating them. "The lens that we typically look at these things is, how does it affect our customers?" Wal-Mart on Tuesday also shared the recipients of $3 million in grants that the Wal-Mart Foundation is providing to six universities for studies of innovation in textile manufacturing, part of an earlier commitment it had made to funding research grants for projects on out how to make textiles more sustainably and to make more of them stateside. -- (c) 2017, The Washington Post. Sarah Halzack wrote this story. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Business Names in the News Does your company have a recent hire, promotion, appointment or honoree to announce? See All » 30 Greater New Orleans business people on the move Submission Form » Active Discussions more in business Real Estate Transactions New Orleans Top Workplaces Auto Reviews Greater New Orleans Business News Local, small business, finance and economy news for greater New Orleans. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you don't see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Walmart to create 10,000 jobs, invest $6.8 bn in USAFP – Tue, Jan 17, 2017 4:56 PM AEDT Related Content View Photo Walmart is to invest in 59 new, expanded or relocated Walmart and Sam's Club stores Walmart announced on Tuesday it will invest $6.8 billion in the United States and create 10,000 jobs in stores and e-commerce, a move for which President-elect Donald Trump quickly took credit. The investment in 59 new, expanded or relocated Walmart and Sam's Club stores also will create an estimated 24,000 construction jobs, the company said in a statement. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," said Dan Bartlett, Walmart executive vice president for corporate affairs said. "Our 2017 plans to grow our business -? and our support for innovation in the textile industry ?- will have a meaningful impact across the county." The company, which is known for inexpensive and frequently imported products, said it plans to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023, estimated to help create one million jobs. Walmart and GM each announced investment and job creation plans on Tuesday, the latest in a series of companies to announce plans to do so -- including Ford and Amazon -- amid continued pressure, mostly via Twitter, from US President-elect Donald Trump who has threatened stiff penalties on companies that import products manufactured overseas. Shortly after the GM and Walmart announcements, Trump used two tweets to claim the jobs were a direct result of his own efforts. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our..... country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff,'" he said. Walmart's Bartlett, who is attending the US Conference of Mayors in Washington, also will announce that Walmart Foundation will provide $3 million in grants through the US Manufacturing Innovation Fund to six universities "working to advance sustainability and innovations in textile manufacturing, which has proven to be one of the most challenging industries to reshore to the US." The projects include commercial textile dyeing method that does not use salt or alkali, does not produce effluent, and produces more than 95 percent savings of both energy and water, and research to develop sustainable polyester fibers. The company also said it will open 160 new training academies by July, bringing to 200 the total number of facilities to train associates. Top Stories » London-tourist tax mulled by mayorAAP London should be able to introduce a tax on tourists, according to a study endorsed by Sadiq Khan. The London … Buffett, Gates have hope for AmericaAAP Accept EU's freedoms: Merkel tells UKAAP Wall Street stocks finish dramatic week with a whimperAFP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Australian Open Perth Accommodation Matthew Perrin Mortgage calculator LNP Sam Cox Pet insurance Ellie Gonsalves Flowers Trump Pena Nieto Budget Rent a Car Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Home News Local Kansas Agriculture National / World Politics Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health KSN Investigates News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Wichita gas prices Weekly Quiz Obituaries Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Radar SatRad Threat Tracker blog Alerts Severe Weather Week Severe Closings and Delays Earthquakes KSN’s Metrocam Sports The Big Game Friday Football Fever Gridiron Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games More Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Our Team TV Schedule Jobs at KSN Honor a Kansas Nurse Live Video Report It Experts 33° F Clear Hi: 44° F Lo: 27° F Radar Forecast Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Kansas Agriculture National / World Politics Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health KSN Investigates News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Wichita gas prices Weekly Quiz Obituaries Featured: Auto Recalls Human Trafficking Product Recalls Winter Storm Latest Headlines Body cameras for WPD officers have helped reduce the number of complaints, investigations 6:55 pm Police say complaints and investigations, both internally and externally, are *down from the past two years. Widespread flu activity in Kansas 6:23 pm WICHITA, Kan,. (KSNW) – Flu season is back and even though it’s not new news, more and more people are getting sick. In fact, Kansas health … USD 259 superintendent community survey results are in, record number of participants 6:26 pm Finney County officials reject “sanctuary” label 6:11 pm Terrifying bus crash caught on camera 4:04 pm Weather Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Radar SatRad Threat Tracker blog Alerts Severe Weather Week Severe Closings and Delays Earthquakes KSN’s Metrocam Current Conditions 33° F Clear Feels Like: 26° F Wind: W 8 Humidity: 52% Dewpoint: 17° F Sunrise: 7:36 AM Sunset: 5:48 PM Wichita and Kansas Weather Forecast Radar Threat Tracker Photos Sponsored by: Sports Sports The Big Game Friday Football Fever Gridiron Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Featured: Wichita State Shockers Latest Headlines Royals gather in private to remember, celebrate Ventura Updated: 19 mins ago The Kansas City Royals gathered together Friday to celebrate the life of pitcher Yordano Ventura Kansas coach says no discipline yet amid police rape probe 8:56 am Bill Self acknowledged that the investigation of the alleged attack last month of a 16-year-old girl at McCarthy Hall. Snickers will run a live commercial during the Super Bowl 8:41 am Tostitos tackling Super Bowl drunk driving with ‘party safe’ bag 8:14 am American basketball player OK after eye pops out of socket 7:57 am Entertainment Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games Featured: Oscar Awards Wichita Riverfest Latest Headlines Grammys, CBS to honor Bee Gees with tribute concert 10:54 am The Recording Academy and CBS will pay tribute to the Bee Gees two days after the Grammys with a concert. To stand out at Super Bowl 51, ads are going for stunts 10:57 am Lady Gaga is reportedly entertaining an unusual twist on her Super Bowl halftime show. ‘Mannix’ star Mike Connors dies at 91 8:52 am Google’s Pixel phone shines despite mistakes gauging demand January 26, 2017 Jackson’s incident lasting memory of last Houston Super Bowl January 26, 2017 More Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Our Team TV Schedule Jobs at KSN Honor a Kansas Nurse Live Video Report It Experts Search for: Search the site 33° F Clear Hi: 44° F Lo: 27° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US By Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 8:55 am Updated: January 17, 2017, 3:28 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” and took credit for bringing jobs “back into the U.S.” However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn’t have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest Google Tumblr More Send to Kindle LinkedIn Pocket Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Wal-Mart loses pay fight with California truck drivers A look at 4 trends for the 2016 holiday shopping season Garden small businesses hold their own against big box stores Somber department store holiday season casts pall over 2017 Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending now on KSN.com Popular on KSN KSN LINKS as mentioned on KSN News Photo Galleries local weather and news Report It! Submit a photo to KSN Contests Enter to win! Download KSN App [iPhone/iPad] [Android] Text Alerts Breaking News, Weather, Closings Email Breaking News, Weather, Headlines Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNW-TV © 1998-2017 KSN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Sports Entertainment Weather Station About Us Our Team Mobile Text Alerts Email Alerts Jobs at KSN Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File (KSNW) FCC Public File (KSNC) FCC Public File (KSNG) FCC Public File (KSNK) EEO Report FCC Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1iioykx1nml4ve/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Please disable your Ad Blocker in your browser's extentions. X Toggle navigation News Equipment Business Products Blogs Tech CCJ Top 250 Reviews SEARCH Subscribe Newsletters Advertise News Equipment Business Products Blogs Tech CCJ Top 250 Reviews Blog Waitin’ for a Superman Blog How much do you really know about your drivers’ daily challenges? Blog Uncertainty, predictions for 2017 center on 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue Business To protect carriers from big payouts, Congress may stamp out state laws on driver pay, breaks James Jaillet | @trucknewsJJ | January 17, 2017 0 Comments Carriers operating perfectly legally and within longstanding industry standards could be subject to major payouts to drivers if the Denham language isn’t passed in Congress, says ATA, WSTA and other proponents. Citing major court-ordered settlements in recent years, trucking industry lobbyists say they plan to leverage fresh Republican control in Washington, D.C., to pass the so-called Denham Amendment, which would prevent enforcement of state-level laws dictating truck drivers’ time and pay, such as those in California, and protect carriers from falling victim to such court orders. Major proponents include the American Trucking Associations and the Western States Trucking Association, both of whom have said legislation to assert federal authority over break and pay laws for truckers is a top-level agenda item in the coming years. “This actually is our No. 1 priority,” says Western States’ head of government affairs Joe Rajkovacz. “Prohibiting states from involving themselves in the compensation methods in which drivers are paid. Once one of the cases are successfully litigated, all the ‘me-too’ lawsuits start focusing on much smaller motor carriers downstream. It becomes legal blackmail against a small business: ‘Pay us or get sued and taken into court.’” Opponents of the provision argue the Denham Amendment would be the effective end to efforts to reform and modernize driver pay. Walmart’s private fleet ordered to pay drivers $55M in back pay, carrier plans to appeal Notably, the fleet did not pay drivers for federally stipulated 10-hour off-duty periods, accounting for $44.7 million of the class-action payout. Other unpaid tasks included ... ATA’s Bill Sullivan says his group also will push the issue in the new Congress. ATA has applauded Congressional work in recent years to try to clear Denham Amendment-like language, saying the “patchwork of regulations” that could arise by state-to-state pay reforms “needlessly complicates the lives of millions of professional drivers.” However, efforts to pass the Denham Amendment have ultimately failed each time the measure’s been brought up. WSTA’s Rajkovacz says the Denham Amendment is needed to block overzealous court decisions that violate the spirit of the federal government’s authority over driver labor laws and that could create a wave of similar lawsuits against carriers acting well within legal industry standards. Rajkovacz pointed to the $55 million Walmart must pay to former and current drivers for, mostly, time spent in the sleeper during federally required 10-hour breaks. Such court decisions make Congressional action on the Denham Amendment a necessity, he says. “They think employers should be paying a driver for off-duty time that is mandated by federal rules,” he says. “I’m sure there is a contingent within the industry that think this overreach is just fine. They are dead wrong. Almost all money awarded (in the Walmart case) was to drivers sleeping in their bunks.” The Denham Amendment derives its name from Rep. Jeff Denham, a Republican representing the 10th district of California. He successfully attached the provision to the FAST Act highway bill in 2015, though the provision ultimately failed to make the bill’s final cut. The language popped up several times last year, even in bills only tangentially related to trucking, like the 2016 Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization bill. Bill seeks to rein in states’ ability to regulate hours-of-service, driver pay The language in the FAA bill would prohibit states from requiring truckers to comply with state-enacted hours regulations. It also would exempt carriers from state-enforced ... A nearly 25-year-old aviation bill is, in fact, the law Denham proponents want asserted. The 1994 FAA Authorization Act prohibits states from enacting laws that interfere with a “price, route or service” of a motor carrier. Court decisions favoring state laws and driver plaintiffs in recent years — and ordering mega-million dollar payouts to drivers from their carrier employers — prompted the need to reassert the FAAAA language, say Denham backers. The Denham Amendment floated in years past has two parts. One blocks states from enforcing meal and rest break laws on truckers and exempting carrier employers from complying with such laws — i.e., paying drivers for meal and rest breaks, should a state require employers to do so. The other prohibits states from requiring carriers to pay drivers “separate or additional compensation” outside of per-mile pay, which would prohibit states from forcing carriers to pay drivers for non-driving time work, such as detention time, loading time and the like. A scattered group of dissenters hopes to derail efforts to enact the provision and to see the Denham Amendment — now mostly referred to as “federal authority” provision — permanently buried. Most prominently, the Owner-Operator Independent Drivers Association hopes to convince federal lawmakers to opt against the Denham provision. “[It’s] an ambitious overreach that would limit states’ ability to allow for any other driver compensation except mileage pay,” OOIDA said in 2015 statement. “OOIDA stands firmly opposed to this language.” Donna Smith, co-producer of the online radio show and website Truth About Trucking, says the driver pay/break provision would slam the door on hopes for driver pay reform. State-level action on the issue of driver pay and breaks, even with creating an often-deemed “patchwork” of varying regulations, is better than no action at all. “If there’s going to be any law for driver wages, ideally it would be at a national level,” she said. “I think it would be more confusing to have state-by-state laws. But before you can even look down that road, you have to put to rest the Denham language or you can just forget about it. It would put to rest any of the recent efforts that the truck driving community is putting forth to increase their wages. It would be very difficult after that (Denham).” Trucking regulatory reforms sought under Trump: ‘We’re going to find out if Republicans can deliver’ While the federal government’s electronic logging device mandate is likely shielded from interference from President-elect Donald Trump, Republican control in Washington gives the industry hope ... AD Presented By: OnCommand Connection Revolutionizing Uptime: Navistar’s OnCommand™ Connection helps fleets operate more efficiently OnCommand™ Connection is part of the OnCommand™ family of fleet management services from Navistar and is the first open... 27 comments   Get Livefyre FAQ Sign in + Follow Post comment   Link Newest | Oldest bobschafer1680 5pts ANYONE working in interstate commerce should not be subject to state employment laws. The Feds have waaaaaay too many of their own, and the states simply go from the ridiculous to the absurd. superstar72432 5pts https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=452XjnaHr1A "What we've got here is a failure to communicate."  bobschafer1680 5pts @superstar72432 It's really not a failure to communicate. It's a failure to listen. Communication goes both ways. superstar72432 5pts Bobschafer1680: Regarding your response, "It's really not a failure to communicate.  It's a failure to listen.  Communication goes both ways."   Unless this was read incorrectly, it is like saying, in order to protect the small businesses from having to pay drivers for siting at shippers and receivers, which would definitely be a big increase in overhead, Congress should just outlaw any and all "driver pay reform," simply because drivers and owner/operators are normally only paid when the wheels are rolling.  Yet, a local driver who is generally paid by the hour, can do the exact same job, sitting at a dock, and get paid.  So let's just keep on unjustly forcing drivers to sit one to two hours at a dock, without pay, in order to protect all these small business. Please tell me something:  When a driver has multiple pickups and/or stops on a load, the driver, usually, does not get paid on the first pickup and final delivery.  What is a driver doing on any sequential stop that he/she is not doing on the first stop? Please tell me something else:  Any employee in any transportation company is usually paid some type of per-diem for traveling on company business, often including motels.  Yet, a most drivers who drive two- to three-thousand mile each week, and, under current law, often has to sit thirty-four hours without pay, are not offered any type of per-diem to pay for meals, which, technically, means they starve during those thirty-four hours. I have a whole list of unjustifiable crap that is currently unjustly overpowering company drivers and owner/operators.  Why don't you sit down and do a comparison of drivers' wages twenty years ago to today's pay-scale.  Then do one for thirty years ago, compared to today's pay scale.  Yes, there is a driver shortage, and it's going to get worse. cb bobschafer1680 5pts @superstar72432 I am not going to waste my time by trying to tell you anything. It's interstate commerce, and the states should not be able to interfere. Educate yourself, and intelligent discourse can begin. AllenSmith1 5pts InfoGraphic explains how upcoming Congressional Law could further hurt driver wages... IF.... drivers do not take action http://askthetrucker.com/congressional-law-could-further-hurt-driver-wages-if-no-action-is-taken/ Jamie12 5pts Nothing short of amazing the big carriers get a pass once again!!😩 Time for revolution. Time to strike out we get pounded with foringners and a bunch of cheap ass shippers. AllenSmith1 5pts As long as we stay quiet and keep our comments to ourselves, things will continue to get worse. We will need to contact those in the committees who are going along with the ATA for this law. ( As a Republican, I'm embarrassed to say that most voting for the bill are GOP)  Reach out to those who believe truckers deserve a fair wage. Most Truckers voted for Trump and the GOP. Now it is time to make them ACCOUNTABLE and deserving of the votes. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation ( the @" next to the names are their TWITTER names. Republican Members: Full Committee Chairman John Thune R-SD @SenJohnThune • Roger Wicker (R-Miss.) @SenatorWicker • Roy Blunt (R-Mo.) @RoyBlunt • Ted Cruz (R-Texas) @TedCruz • Deb Fischer (R-Neb.) @DebFischerNE • Jerry Moran (R-Kan.) @JerryMoran • Dan Sullivan (R-Alaska) @SenDanSullivan • Dean Heller (R-Nev.) @DeanHeller • Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.) @JimInhofe • Mike Lee (R-Utah) @SenMikeLee • Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) @SenRonJohnson • Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) @SenCapito • Cory Gardner (R-Colo.) @SenCoryGardner • Todd Young (R-Ind.) @SenToddYoung Democratic Members Ranking Member Bill Nelson Florida @SenBillNelson • Maria Cantwell, D-Wash. @SenatorCantwell • Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn. @AmyKlobuchar • Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn. @SenBlumenthal • Brian Schatz, D-Hawaii @SenBrianSchatz • Ed Markey, D-Mass. @SenMarkey • Cory Booker, D-N.J. @CoryBooker @SenBookerOffice • Tom Udall, D-N.M @SenatorTomUdall • Gary Peters, D-Mich. @SenGaryPeters • Tammy Baldwin, D-Wis. @SenatorBaldwin • Tammy Duckworth, D-Ill. @SenDuckworth • Maggie Hassan, D-N.H. @SenatorHassan • Catherine Cortez Masto, D-Nev. @SenCortezMastoLike · Reply · 12 mins Wayne Ellis 5pts @AllenSmith1 Thank you for this information...I will share it with my students and fellow drivers Wayne Ellis 5pts WHY should carriers be protected if they have ripped off their drivers, or any employees of their hard earned pay? No one was interested or concerned while those drivers were out there working and not getting their pay...If they want protection, protect themselves by being a fair and honest employer bobschafer1680 5pts @Wayne Ellis Everyone should be "protected" when they comply with federal law. If you want protection, understand the protections given in various classes and types of ways to earn money. If you don't like the law, try to change it. Don't make stuff up to try to change the rules by subverting the law. Wayne Ellis 5pts It has nothing to do with the laws or who gets to tell whom what to do. It's curious how you stated it, "when they comply with federal law..." when it's those very laws employers subvert to justify cheating workers out of their share of the pie. my last 2 employers - NOT law makers, just company owners - believe their drivers have value to the continued prosperity of their businesses, and so believe those working hard for them should be compensated well; and when possible, rewarded by sharing some of the profits at the end of the year. They didn't need some government rules or agencies to tell them to do this, or how to make themselves feel better at the end of the day for not doing it...they did it because they believed it was right to pay a man (or woman) their worth! And guess what? NO ONE IS TRYING TO SUE EITHER OF THEM FOR ANYTHING!!! Didn't have to "Make stuff up" or subvert any laws... The problem isn't a government issue...it's a Heart issue. bobschafer1680 5pts It's called interstate or foreign commerce for good reason. States have no business regulating beyond their borders. RhondaBeckham 5pts What if its intrastate as in the recent Walmart case??? AllenSmith1 5pts @bobschafer1680  That's the confusion that is being created by ATA.  These drivers are Intrastate drivers, p/u and delivery are made within the state.  Even if an OTR driver who has a p/u and delivery within the state, then they are subject to the state laws.   The states DO have the right to have their own labor laws.    Should this bill be passed in Congress to override COURT decisions which were in favor of drivers, then the poison language within the bill would expand and reach interstate drivers also, placing a law which would state drivers can only receive Piece Work Wages and any hours worked in excess of their 70 are basically free. bobschafer1680 5pts @AllenSmith1 @bobschafer1680 The p/u and delivery being made within a state is NOT a definition of intrastate commerce. P/Us and deliveries within a state's borders can, and more often than not, be the continuance of an interstate movement. To be clear, the movement of goods from a seller Maine to an ultimate consumer in California, with a warehouse stop in CA, is an interstate movement. This has been upheld by various courts in various jurisdictions. I have been able to secure lesser interstate freight rates vs. higher intrastate rates throughout the country using this scenario. AllenSmith1 5pts @bobschafer1680 @AllenSmith1  Absolutely, the point I was trying to make is if the proposed federal preemption law was passed, it would preempt state labor laws for truckers even if they drive completely within one state.   The California Supreme Court and the ninth circuit court of appeals have held that once you enter California or Washington the state laws apply to routes in those states. Whether inter or intrastate the courts have held that the state labor laws which are applicable to all workers are not preempted by the F4A because they don't "significantly impact prices routes or services" of motor carriers. Lots of state laws like speed limits or emission rules apply when you enter a state. The courts have held that state labor laws designed to protect workers should also apply to truckers bobschafer1680 5pts @AllenSmith1 The states are prohibited from regulating interstate commerce. When the courts are offered this explanation, the radical progressive jihadist activists will be overturned. AllenSmith1 5pts @bobschafer1680 @AllenSmith1 Fortunately for the drivers, once again, you and the motor carriers would lose that case in Court. State Labor Laws do not interfere with interstate commerce. Federal and state appellate courts, including  the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and the California Supreme Court have heard the arguments and said, "no" Even the United States Supreme Court has refused to hear or overturn these court decisions. Jerry Fritts 5pts @bobschafer1680 @AllenSmith1 I studied transportation law. You are somewhaat correct. If the load out of Maine was destined to a eventual consignee and was temoraily stored enroute in CA. before the original destination in Ca.,  then that is an interstate movement. Howeve,r that does not address the labor law issue. If another driver then picks uo the shipment within Ca. and contiues the shipment onto the original destination, again within Ca, that driver is protected by Ca labor laws as for labor reasons it is an intrastate move. Think about it the company moving the shipment within Ca  to the original destination may not even have interstate authority!  Remeber, this is not an ICC or DOT issue, it is a lbor law issue. AllenSmith1 5pts The video below explains what is about to happen if we don't take action.  This Denham language will appear in another bill coming up for vote soon.  It could be the THUDbill, could be a stand alone, or it could even be slipped into the the infrastructure. "Truckers appeal to GOP for Relief as ATA seeks more Laws" http://truckingsocialmedia.com/truckers-appeal-gop-relief-ata-seeks-laws/ ATA has stated they will continue to push hard for federal preemption of  state laws when the 115th Congress convenes next month.In other words, they will target the new 2017 GOP and Trump Administration.  Jeff Denham who initially introduced the Denham Amendment to the FAST ACT in Nov 2015 was a Republican from California.  But 70 % of drivers voted for Trump and are counting on him and the GOP to relieve them of more regulations, including any language( Such as Denham) that will compromise the hopes for drivers to be paid for all time. Just as FLSA has exempted drivers from overtime, this new language in a bill, if passed, would have a similar effect when it comes to earning a living wage.  So who will Congress listen to, the ATA or Drivers? ANSWER: The loudest Voice! Government Switchboard  202-224-3121 karimkagawa3 5pts When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile. http://www.friv2games.org.uk "Friv 2" http://www.unblocked2games.com "Unblocked Games Online" http://www.yepi12.org "Yepi 2" http://www.unblockedpbsgames.com "Unblocked Sites" http://www.y8y8co.com "Y8 Games" http://www.xboxoneya.com "Xbox One Games" drtrd 5pts Civil law defines Independent Contractor as one who is told WHAT to do and provides their own tools. Master/Servant relationship (Employee) is told What, When and How to perform duties. Does this make Truck Drivers company employees or Federal Employees? The Federal Gov't dictates What, When and How the job must be done, which is also mandated by the Carriers as a condition of employment/contract. The over-regulation of the industry has nearly eliminated all of the Legal Descriptions of Independent Contractor. 2010CascadiaOwner 5pts "SOMEONE" Does Not Want YOU to Earn a Living Wage.... "SOMEONE" is still tryin to keep you a SLAVE to your Wage.... "SOMEONE" wants you to do things the way they have ALWAYS BEEN DONE BY SLAVES.... FOR FREE!!!!! You are Required to Perform WORK, you SHOULD BE PAID!... Commonsensenotprevailing 5pts A living wage is a sliding scale according to the standard of living you are trying to obtain. Some people live on $10 an hour for a 40 hour week while others can't make it on $25 an hour. Not sure what a slave to your wage is referring to. We all should live within our wages whatever that turns out to be. Most people live on every dime they make from week to week not matter how much they make. If you consider yourself a slave it is by your choice. We can all quit trucking and go into another field of work. I am not a slave to trucking. I agree if you perform work you should be paid. I don't consider eating and sleeping work. RRBEE 5pts @2010CascadiaOwner I agree the only industry in the country that gets to use Federal regulations so they don't have compensate their employees for all the work they do it's the exemption of drivers from the the FLSA in 1939 that created this problem.The regulations that have and are being passed like ELD s are the result of being able to work drivers nearly twice as many hours as the rest of the work force without paying them for it.Then you have drivers that defend this system and say that's the only way to make a living. Wayne Ellis 5pts @RRBEE @2010CascadiaOwner EXACTLY!!!!! James Jaillet James Jaillet is the News Editor for CCJ and Overdrive. Reach him at jjaillet@randallreilly.com. Follow me: @trucknewsJJ James Jaillet on Google Plus Most Popular Rule setting driver training standards, registry could be hit by Trump’s regulatory order DriverTech launches in-cab mobile device with ELD and camera for $799 California bill would add to FMCSA’s new driver training standards rule Potential battery issue prompts recall of approximately 300 International trucks Trump orders agencies to freeze new regulations, ELD mandate likely shielded Unions asks FMCSA to extend comment period for hair testing request from large carriers Newsletter Signup Enter your email address* Must Clicks Rule setting driver training standards, registry could be hit by Trump’s regulatory order Trump orders agencies to freeze new regulations, ELD mandate likely shielded Crime report: Fleet owner arrested for $1M in unpaid tolls, Pa. medical examiner suspended DriverTech launches in-cab mobile device with ELD and camera for $799 Symposiums Innovators Five Flashiest Fleets CCJ Top 250 CCU The Air Brake Book Subscribe to Magazine Newsletters Advertise About Us Digital Magazine White Papers Partner Solutions CCJ Commercial Carrier Journal - Fleet Management Magazine CCJ Magazine covers fleet management topics ranging from technology, freight, logistics, equipment, and more. © CCJ 2017 Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Walmart to create 10,000 jobs, invest $6.8 bn in US By Afp Published: 10:59 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 10:59 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail 36 shares Walmart announced on Tuesday it will invest $6.8 billion in the United States and create 10,000 jobs in stores and e-commerce, a move for which President-elect Donald Trump quickly took credit. The investment in 59 new, expanded or relocated Walmart and Sam's Club stores also will create an estimated 24,000 construction jobs, the company said in a statement. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," said Dan Bartlett, Walmart executive vice president for corporate affairs said. Walmart is to invest in 59 new, expanded or relocated Walmart and Sam's Club stores ©Frederic J. Brown (AFP/File) "Our 2017 plans to grow our business -– and our support for innovation in the textile industry –- will have a meaningful impact across the county." The company, which is known for inexpensive and frequently imported products, said it plans to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023, estimated to help create one million jobs. Walmart and GM each announced investment and job creation plans on Tuesday, the latest in a series of companies to announce plans to do so -- including Ford and Amazon -- amid continued pressure, mostly via Twitter, from US President-elect Donald Trump who has threatened stiff penalties on companies that import products manufactured overseas. Shortly after the GM and Walmart announcements, Trump used two tweets to claim the jobs were a direct result of his own efforts. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our..... country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff,'" he said. Walmart's Bartlett, who is attending the US Conference of Mayors in Washington, also will announce that Walmart Foundation will provide $3 million in grants through the US Manufacturing Innovation Fund to six universities "working to advance sustainability and innovations in textile manufacturing, which has proven to be one of the most challenging industries to reshore to the US." The projects include commercial textile dyeing method that does not use salt or alkali, does not produce effluent, and produces more than 95 percent savings of both energy and water, and research to develop sustainable polyester fibers. The company also said it will open 160 new training academies by July, bringing to 200 the total number of facilities to train associates. Share or comment on this article e-mail 36 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 6:02 P.M. ET Updated Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Press Release Walmart outlines 2017 goals for American job growth and community investment By Published: Jan 17, 2017 5:30 a.m. ET Share 34,000 jobs, training for over 225,000 associates and grants for innovation in textile manufacturing WASHINGTON, Jan 17, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer with nearly 1.5 million associates in the U.S., today will discuss company plans to create American jobs and invest in local communities across the country. The investments in the coming year will support an estimated 34,000 jobs through continued expansion and improvement in the company’s store network, as well as e-commerce services, while providing specialty training for more than 225,000 of the company’s frontline associates. The company and the Walmart Foundation, in conjunction with The U.S. Conference of Mayors, are also announcing grants through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund to advance sustainability and innovation in textile manufacturing. "Walmart is investing to better serve customers,” said Dan Bartlett, Walmart executive vice president for corporate affairs. “With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs. Our 2017 plans to grow our business – and our support for innovation in the textile industry – will have a meaningful impact across the county.” Walmart is planning $6.8 billion of capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which includes construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, as well as the expansion of new services such as Online Grocery Pickup. Walmart’s fiscal year begins Feb. 1; the company’s capital plans were first shared in October. Bartlett will discuss the company’s investments in job creation and associates -- and announce Innovation Fund grants to support the U.S. textile sector -- at the 85th Winter Meeting of the U.S. Conference of Mayors in Washington, D.C. Details are highlighted below. American Jobs Approximately 10,000 retail jobs created through the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam’s Club facilities as well as e-commerce services. An estimated 24,000 construction jobs supported through the opening of those facilities, plus the remodeling and improvement of existing U.S. facilities. Workforce Investment By July of this year, Walmart will open 160 new training Academies around the country, bringing the total number of Academies to 200. More than 225,000 associates will receive up to six weeks of specialty training and graduate from the academies in 2017. The Walmart Academies are a network of facilities where frontline hourly supervisors and assistant store managers receive hands-on training in retail fundamentals, leadership skills and the specifics of how to run individual store departments. The training is designed to help associates be successful in their careers and in meeting the changing needs of customers. U.S. Manufacturing Jobs The company’s investment in American jobs includes a 2013 commitment to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023, estimated to help create one million jobs.* Under the initiative, Walmart works with thousands of suppliers to help them gain access to the retailer’s shelves in stores and online. In the coming year, the program will continue to provide job-creating opportunities. Examples include: California Innovations, producer of the Ozark Trail “super cooler.” The Canadian company with U.S. operations is moving production of the cooler from China to a factory in Atlanta, Ga., creating 350 jobs. Edgewell Personal Care, a maker of personal hygiene products, which is bringing production from Canada to Dover, Del., creating272 jobs. Renfro Corporation, which will create a total of 442 jobs as a result of a deal to produce athletic socks in Fort Payne, Ala. Textile Industry Innovation This year, the Walmart Foundation will provide $3 million in grants through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund to six leading universities working to advance sustainability and innovations in textile manufacturing, which has proven to be one of the most challenging industries to reshore to the U.S. Through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have funded $10 million in grants since 2014. The 2017 Innovation Fund grant recipients will be announced as part of Bartlett’s remarks to U.S. mayors: Washington State University: to establish a sustainable process to recycle cotton waste by fiber regeneration using a wet spinning technique. North Carolina State University: to create a universal and sustainable commercial textile dyeing method that doesn't use salt or alkali; doesn’t produce effluent; and produces more than 95 percent savings of both energy and water. Clemson University: for development of sustainable polyester fibers that achieve a high level of water and oil repellency. Oregon State University: to develop a sustainable, cost-effective dyeing and printing of smart fabrics process. Texas Tech University: to support research on various aspects of textile manufacturing, dyeing efficiency and specialty finishes. University of Massachusetts Lowell: to develop magnetic dyeing technology to address the technical and environmental issues of current dyeing techniques. * Based on data from Boston Consulting Group. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. WMT, -1.60% helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,593 stores under 63 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.4 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170117005592/en/ SOURCE: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc."> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@walmartnewsroom Walmart Randy Hargrove, 1-800-331-0085 news.walmart.com/reporter Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References WMT -1.07 -1.60% Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $65.66 -1.07 (-1.60%) Volume 13.2M Open $66.86 High $66.97 Low $65.28 P/E Ratio 14.27 Div Yield 3.05 Market Cap 205.1B LatestNews
GoSearch Replay: News at Six WHO-HD Channel 13 TV Schedule Search Contact Us whotv.com Menu News Mega Doppler-S Sports On 13 Contests Events Weather 31° 31° Low 18° High 32° Sat 29° 32° Sun 23° 33° Mon 30° 43° See complete forecast Walmart Adding 10,000 U.S. Jobs Posted 8:44 am, January 17, 2017, by CNN Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr × Walmart Adding 10,000 U.S. Jobs NEW YORK — Walmart, the nation’s largest business employer, plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs this year. The job growth will represent less than 1% of the company’s current American workforce of about 1.5 million people. But it bucks the trend of major brick-and-mortar retailers, which have been slashing jobs and closing stores. Macy’s is closing 68 stores and cutting more than 10,000 jobs. Sears Holdings is closing 150 Sears and Kmart stores, eliminating an undisclosed number of jobs. The Limited has closed all its stores, and American Apparel is likely to do the same in bankruptcy proceedings. Walmart itself announced a year ago it would close 269 underperforming stores, including 154, employing 10,000 workers, in the United States. Meanwhile, employment growth has come from online stores such as Amazon, which announced last week it would add U.S. 100,000 jobs. Walmart said Tuesday it would expand, renovate or relocate 59 Walmart and Sam’s Club stores. Some of the jobs will come from expanding or improving e-commerce services. The company reiterated plans to make $6.8 billion of capital investments in the United States with expansion and remodeling of its stores. It said its plans will also lead to 24,000 temporary construction jobs. Walmart made no mention of President-elect Donald Trump in its announcement. But companies have been under pressure commit to U.S. jobs ahead of his inauguration Friday. Ford scrapped plans for a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico two weeks ago and said it would expand a Michigan plant, adding 700 jobs there. Lockheed Martin, which, like Ford, had been criticized by Trump, announced Friday it would add 1,800 jobs to its F-35 fighter program. And Sprint said it is bringing 5,000 jobs back to the US. Walmart, which imports heavily from China and Mexico, is facing pressure on U.S. jobs as well, even if Trump hasn’t focused on the retailer the way he has other companies. When Walmart announced plans in December to add 10,000 jobs in Mexico over the next three years, Trump did not criticize the move. Walmart said at the time that it was not moving any jobs from the United States as part of its Mexican expansion. Walmart committed in 2013 to purchase $250 billion more in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. It estimated that would add 1 million U.S. jobs. It cited three suppliers who are moving operations from foreign countries back to the U.S., which it said will create a little over 1,000 jobs among them. Walmart has also been under pressure from union-backed groups seeking increases in the minimum wage across the nation. It has raised the minimum wage for its American workers to at least $10 an hour. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr Popular Johnston Teacher Placed on Leave Amidst Police Investigation Pipeline Rupture Spills 138,600 Gallons of Diesel in Northern Iowa Latest News Reaction to Des Moines Water Works Loss of Nitrates Supreme Court Case Thousands Gather for 44th Annual March for Life to Protest Legalization of Abortion Investigation Continues in Case of Waukee High School Assistant Principal Proposed Bill Would Make it Easier for Parents to Avoid Vaccinating Children News Walmart Trims its Christmas Eve Hours News Centerville Business Gives New Life to Old Walmart News Some Iowa Stores Among 150 Kmart and Sears Locations to Close by Spring Politics Ford Cancels Mexico Plant, Will Create 700 U.S. Jobs in ‘vote of confidence’ in Trump News Black Friday: Here’s when Target, Wal-Mart, Best Buy, other major stores will open News Trump Presidency Evokes Uncertainty in Job-Seeking Millennials News Names of Driver and Victims Released In Pella Walmart Crash News Police Chase Leads to Evacuation of Clinton County Walmart News Pickup Truck Drives Into Pella Walmart Politics Delta CEO: Trump’s Win Helped Our Bottom Line News Tax Incentives Key to Creating Economic Development News Iowa Hy-Vee Part of Online Food Stamps Program News Target Removes Scary Clown Masks from Stores Mobile Apps 13Now News App for iPhone & iPad 13Now News App for Android 13WarnMe Weather App for iPhone & iPad 13WarnMe Weather App for Android Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1801 Grand Ave. Des Moines, IA 50309 • Copyright © 2017, WHO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
GoSearch Watch Now: KTLA 5 News at 6:30 KTLA 5 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us KTLA Menu News Morning News Podcasts Contests Traffic Events About Weather 58° 58° Low 44° High 63° Sat 46° 71° Sun 49° 76° Mon 50° 77° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Wal-Mart Plans to Add 10,000 U.S. Jobs in 2017 Posted 5:39 AM, January 17, 2017, by CNN Wire Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Walmart, the nation’s largest business employer, plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs this year. Wal-Mart store signage is seen from the store lot on April 23, 2012 in Mexico City. (Credit: Daniel Aguilar/Getty Images) The job growth will represent less than 1% of the company’s current American workforce of about 1.5 million people. But it bucks the trend of major brick-and-mortar retailers, which have been slashing jobs and closing stores. Macy’s is closing 68 stores and cutting more than 10,000 jobs. Sears Holdings is closing 150 Sears and Kmart stores, eliminating an undisclosed number of jobs. The Limited has closed all its stores, and American Apparel is likely to do the same in bankruptcy proceedings. Walmart itself announced a year ago it would close 269 underperforming stores, including 154, employing 10,000 workers, in the United States. Meanwhile, employment growth has come from online stores such as Amazon, which announced last week it would add U.S. 100,000 jobs. Walmart said Tuesday it would expand, renovate or relocate 59 Walmart and Sam’s Club stores. Some of the jobs will come from expanding or improving e-commerce services. The company reiterated plans to make $6.8 billion of capital investments in the United States with expansion and remodeling of its stores. It said its plans will also lead to 24,000 temporary construction jobs. Walmart made no mention of President-elect Donald Trump in its announcement. But companies have been under pressure commit to U.S. jobs ahead of his inauguration Friday. Ford scrapped plans for a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico two weeks ago and said it would expand a Michigan plant, adding 700 jobs there. Lockheed Martin, which, like Ford, had been criticized by Trump, announced Friday it would add 1,800 jobs to its F-35 fighter program. And Sprint said it is bringing 5,000 jobs back to the US. Walmart, which imports heavily from China and Mexico, is facing pressure on U.S. jobs as well, even if Trump hasn’t focused on the retailer the way he has other companies. When Walmart announced plans in December to add 10,000 jobs in Mexico over the next three years, Trump did not criticize the move. Walmart said at the time that it was not moving any jobs from the United States as part of its Mexican expansion. Walmart committed in 2013 to purchase $250 billion more in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. It estimated that would add 1 million U.S. jobs. It cited three suppliers who are moving operations from foreign countries back to the U.S., which it said will create a little over 1,000 jobs among them. Walmart has also been under pressure from union-backed groups seeking increases in the minimum wage across the nation. It has raised the minimum wage for its American workers to at least $10 an hour. 36.372854 -94.208817 Filed in: Nation/World Topics: Wal-Mart Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Watch KTLA 5 News Every newscast plus replays streamed online Popular ‘Can You Hear Me?’ Scam Has Police Warning Would-Be Victims to Hang Up Immediately Aspiring Actor Live Streams His Suicide on Facebook Days After Sex Assault Arrest in Santa Clarita Missing 28-Year-Old Woman Found Alive After Abandoned Car Located in Antelope Valley Twin Baby Girls From Illinois Have Different Skin Colors Latest News ‘Trump is Here Now’: Man Charged With Hate Crimes After Muslim Woman Attacked at JFK Airport L.A. Tallies Homeless Population Amid Concern About Growing Encampments 2 New York Men Charged in Alleged Ponzi Scheme for ‘Hamilton’ Tickets Woman Sought in Connection With Fullerton Carport Fire That Destroyed 5 Vehicles Money Smart Nation/World Wal-Mart to Invest More Than $1.3 Billion More in Mexico, Add 10,000 Jobs Nation/World Wal-Mart Stores to Close Early on Christmas Eve Local News Money Smart Black Friday: Here’s When Target, Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Other Major Stores Will Open Local News Money Smart Nation/World Sears, Kmart to Ramp Up Rapid Pace of Store Closures Following Another Quarter of Losses Money Smart Nation/World Amazon Plans to Create 100,000 Full-Time Jobs in the US Nation/World Macy’s to Close 68 More Stores, Including SoCal Locations; More Than 10,000 Jobs to Be Cut Nation/World Mother Gives Birth in Checkout Line at Utah Wal-Mart, Insists on Paying for Merchandise Nation/World Aloe Vera Gels From Wal-Mart, Target, CVS Might Not Contain Any Aloe Vera, Study Finds Local News 150 Kmart and Sears Stores to Close by Spring, Including SoCal Locations News Obama Economy Creates More Than 2 Million Jobs in 2016 Nation/World Secret Santa Pays Off More Than $46K Worth of Layaway Items at Pennsylvania Wal-Mart Nation/World Woman Dies After Being Run Over by Her Own Vehicle in Parking Lot of Memphis Wal-Mart Politics Ford Cancels Mexico Plant; Will Create 700 U.S. Jobs in ‘Vote of Confidence’ in Trump Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App KTLA 5 News on Social Media Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5800 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA, 90028 • Copyright © 2017, KTLA • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Wal-Mart plans for more workers, remodeled and new locations in N.J. Print Email Rajeev Dhir | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Rajeev Dhir | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 17, 2017 at 9:23 AM, updated January 17, 2017 at 2:12 PM comments Wal-Mart will expand its footprint in the Garden State as it plans to hire more than 10,000 additional workers for retail positions across the country this year to fill jobs at 59 new, expanded or relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Clubs stores, the company announced Tuesday. In an email statement, a spokesperson for Wal-Mart said the company will remodel a dozen New Jersey locations and will add a new Supercenter location in Egg Harbor by this fall. The spokesperson did not comment on how many new jobs would be added in the state. "Our 2017 plans to grow our business - and our support for innovation in the textile industry - will have a meaningful impact across the county," Dan Bartlett, executive vice president for corporate affairs, said in a statement. The plan will also add 24,000 temporary construction jobs as company expands and remodels its stores, according to Wal-Mart. The retailer opened a Wal-Mart Supercenter location in Hamilton in Mercer County in October, adding 300 full- and part-time workers in New Jersey. The news comes a year after the retail giant announced plans to close 154 Wal-Mart Express stores across the country, cutting 10,000 employees from its workforce. None of those closures or job cuts were in New Jersey.  Wal-Mart has been forced to cut costs and reorganize its business structure as competition from online retailer Amazon eats away at sales. Other retailers like Macy's, Kohl's and Sears have also been struggling to keep afloat from the jump in competition. Wal-Mart operates more than 80 stores and employs about 21,000 people in New Jersey. Rajeev Dhir may be reached at rdhir@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @googasmammoo. Find NJ.com on Facebook.   Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. Flu now rampant throughout all New Jersey 7 N.J. hospitals cited as tops in the nation for safe, quality care Why STDs are up in N.J., a ranking of all 21 counties MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Live BroadcastWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Safe from Scams Health Watch Education Watch Ag Watch Business #abc30insider Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Chain Controls and Winter Driving Alerts Full Story Email share share tweet email BUSINESS Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US Email share share tweet email none The WalMart Supercenter signage is seen in Springfield, Ill. (Seth Perlman) AP Tuesday, January 17, 2017 NEW YORK -- Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs generated by its expansion plans. There will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam's Clubs locations, according to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. The company plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which begins on Feb. 1. The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup. Wal-Mart currently has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas, company has continued to pour money into its e-commerce and improving its stores. The chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Last week Amazon announced that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. Amazon said Thursday its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011, to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Walmart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the U.S. Related Topics: businessbusinesswalmart Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. BUSINESS Business booming for Fresno medical supplier Restaurant chains feeding off Fresno's appetite, local experts worry it may not be sustainable Dow Jones industrial average eclipses 20,000 for the first time Bitwise announces expansion to 3 more buildings in Downtown Fresno More Business Top Stories Fresno County elementary school working to solve a complex contamination issue on campus Activists gather at Fresno City Hall to protest mayor's "sanctuary city" decision 1 killed in school bus and van head-on crash near Stevinson, CHP says California clears hurdle for cancer warning label on Roundup Trump signs executive action for 'new vetting measures' to keep 'radical Islamic terrorists' out of U.S. Helicopter crew rescued after being stranded in Sequoia National Forest Poverello House looks for community help in upgrading aging building Show More New Trump Agency Memo Gags Staff Communications, Democrats Say Vice President Mike Pence Tells March for Life: 'Life Is Winning Again in America' Outcry from Squaw Valley residents amid concern convicted sex-offender may still move to area Pedestrian killed crossing HWY 99 after accident near Visalia 'Mannix' star Mike Connors dies at 91 More News Photos PHOTOS: March for Life PHOTOS: Trump inauguration balls and galas Animal Compassion Team - Pets of the Week PHOTOS: Fashion at the People's Choice Awards More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories Video Photos U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KFSN-TV Fresno. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Safe from Scams Health Watch Education Watch Ag Watch Business #abc30insider Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KFSN-TV Fresno
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Doctors: ED Caused by "Clog" Easily Cleared by Doing This Home | Newsfront Tags: US | Wal | Mart | Hiring Wal-Mart to Add 10,000 Retail Jobs in the US (JULIO CESAR AGUILAR/AFP/Getty Images) Tuesday, 17 Jan 2017 07:34 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs generated by its expansion plans. There will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam's Clubs locations, according to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. The company plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which begins on Feb. 1. The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup. Wal-Mart currently has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas, company has continued to pour money into its e-commerce and improving its stores. The chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Last week Amazon announced that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. Amazon said Thursday its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011, to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the U.S. © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations.The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs generated by its expansion plans. US, Wal, Mart, Hiring 206 Tuesday, 17 Jan 2017 07:34 AM 2017-34-17 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like More Most Commented Trump Wants 20 Percent Tax to Pay for Border Wall Thursday, 26 Jan 2017 | 787 comments Silly you! If I am a company who will have to pay a tax on an import, I am... White House Says Media Delegitimizing Trump, Won't 'Take It' Sunday, 22 Jan 2017 | 754 comments Thank you Mr. President. You are addressing the Lame Stream Media the way... Sean Spicer Rips 'Irresponsible and Reckless' Inaugural News Coverage Sunday, 22 Jan 2017 | 723 comments The Riot Act has been read ! Two times now the Main Slime Media has been... On Trump's Second Day, Thousands of Women to March in DC in Protest Saturday, 21 Jan 2017 | 823 comments President Bill Clinton assaulted and raped over 20 women and not a peep... Madonna: 'I Have Thought an Awful Lot about Blowing up the White House' Saturday, 21 Jan 2017 | 770 comments If she in fact said this, then the FBI should bring her in for... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Walmart adding 10,000 U.S. jobs - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Prep Champs Get Apps Text Alerts NFL PlayOff Schedule LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV Football CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Football Pro Football Challenge Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Walmart adding 10,000 U.S. jobs Posted: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 8:03 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 8:33 AM EST (FILE PHOTO) An exterior image of a Walmart store in Turnersville, New Jersey. Interior of Walmart store - close-up of shopping cart on aisle. Close-up of Walmart logo on exterior of "supercenter" store. Wal-Mart's earnings were slightly higher than a year earlier, but below forecasts. A beauty shot outside an unidentified Walmart Supercenter By Chris Isidore NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Walmart, the nation's largest business employer, plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs this year. The job growth will represent less than 1% of the company's current American workforce of about 1.5 million people. But it bucks the trend of major brick-and-mortar retailers, which have been slashing jobs and closing stores. Macy's is closing 68 stores and cutting more than 10,000 jobs. Sears Holdings is closing 150 Sears and Kmart stores, eliminating an undisclosed number of jobs. The Limited has closed all its stores, and American Apparel is likely to do the same in bankruptcy proceedings. Walmart itself announced a year ago it would close 269 underperforming stores, including 154, employing 10,000 workers, in the United States. Meanwhile, employment growth has come from online stores such as Amazon, which announced last week it would add U.S. 100,000 jobs. Walmart said Tuesday it would expand, renovate or relocate 59 Walmart and Sam's Club stores. Some of the jobs will come from expanding or improving e-commerce services. The company reiterated plans to make $6.8 billion of capital investments in the United States with expansion and remodeling of its stores. It said its plans will also lead to 24,000 temporary construction jobs. Walmart made no mention of President-elect Donald Trump in its announcement. But companies have been under pressure commit to U.S. jobs ahead of his inauguration Friday. Ford scrapped plans for a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico two weeks ago and said it would expand a Michigan plant, adding 700 jobs there. Lockheed Martin, which, like Ford, had been criticized by Trump, announced Friday it would add 1,800 jobs to its F-35 fighter program. And Sprint said it is bringing 5,000 jobs back to the US. Walmart, which imports heavily from China and Mexico, is facing pressure on U.S. jobs as well, even if Trump hasn't focused on the retailer the way he has other companies. When Walmart announced plans in December to add 10,000 jobs in Mexico over the next three years, Trump did not criticize the move. Walmart said at the time that it was not moving any jobs from the United States as part of its Mexican expansion. Walmart committed in 2013 to purchase $250 billion more in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. It estimated that would add 1 million U.S. jobs. It cited three suppliers who are moving operations from foreign countries back to the U.S., which it said will create a little over 1,000 jobs among them. Walmart has also been under pressure from union-backed groups seeking increases in the minimum wage across the nation. It has raised the minimum wage for its American workers to at least $10 an hour. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Top Local Stories Metro Detroit weather: Scattered snow showers this weekend Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Cool start in the upper 20s Weather Metro Detroit weather: Colder evening brings snowflakes, raindrops Weather Getty Images Super Bowl quiz: Should you root for the Patriots or the Falcons? Sports Metro Detroit forecast: Rain and snow showers early Weather Metro Detroit weather: Rain turns to snow overnight Weather Metro Detroit weather: When does next snow arrive? Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Early morning showers with temps in the 30s Weather Metro Detroit weather: Temperatures stay mild Wednesday Weather UM reveals new process for renaming facilities on campus News Getty Images Investigators seek tips about Upper Peninsula wolf poaching News Metro Detroit forecast: Light rain with temps in the 30s Weather Money Walmart adding 10,000 U.S. jobs Growth comes as many other retailers slashing jobs By CHRIS ISIDORE Posted: 8:02 AM, January 17, 2017 Updated: 8:16 AM, January 17, 2017 Joe Raedle/Getty Images Walmart More Money Headlines Run-DMC sues Amazon, Walmart for $50 million NEW YORK (CNNMoney) - Walmart, the nation's largest business employer, plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs this year. The job growth will represent less than 1% of the company's current American workforce of about 1.5 million people. But it bucks the trend of major brick-and-mortar retailers, which have been slashing jobs and closing stores. Macy's is closing 68 stores and cutting more than 10,000 jobs. Sears Holdings is closing 150 Sears and Kmart stores, eliminating an undisclosed number of jobs. The Limited has closed all its stores, and American Apparel is likely to do the same in bankruptcy proceedings. Walmart itself announced a year ago it would close 269 underperforming stores, including 154, employing 10,000 workers, in the United States. Meanwhile, employment growth has come from online stores such as Amazon, which announced last week it would add U.S. 100,000 jobs. Walmart said Tuesday it would expand, renovate or relocate 59 Walmart and Sam's Club stores. Some of the jobs will come from expanding or improving e-commerce services. The company reiterated plans to make $6.8 billion of capital investments in the United States with expansion and remodeling of its stores. It said its plans will also lead to 24,000 temporary construction jobs. Walmart made no mention of President-elect Donald Trump in its announcement. But companies have been under pressure commit to U.S. jobs ahead of his inauguration Friday. Ford scrapped plans for a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico two weeks ago and said it would expand a Michigan plant, adding 700 jobs there. Lockheed Martin, which, like Ford, had been criticized by Trump, announced Friday it would add 1,800 jobs to its F-35 fighter program. And Sprint said it is bringing 5,000 jobs back to the US. Walmart, which imports heavily from China and Mexico, is facing pressure on U.S. jobs as well, even if Trump hasn't focused on the retailer the way he has other companies. When Walmart announced plans in December to add 10,000 jobs in Mexico over the next three years, Trump did not criticize the move. Walmart said at the time that it was not moving any jobs from the United States as part of its Mexican expansion. Walmart committed in 2013 to purchase $250 billion more in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. It estimated that would add 1 million U.S. jobs. It cited three suppliers who are moving operations from foreign countries back to the U.S., which it said will create a little over 1,000 jobs among them. Walmart has also been under pressure from union-backed groups seeking increases in the minimum wage across the nation. It has raised the minimum wage for its American workers to at least $10 an hour. Copyright 2017 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 39° F Broken Clouds Hi: 45° F Lo: 33° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Florida airport shooting suspect indicted on 22 counts Updated: 1 min ago A federal grand jury returned a 22-count indictment against the man accused of a shooting rampage at a South Florida airport that left five … Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she’ll vote against Betsy DeVos Updated: 25 mins ago Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she’ll vote against Betsy DeVos, President Donald Trump’s nominee for education secretary. NASA opens exhibit on 50th anniversary of Apollo 1 fire 8:30 pm Groton PD: Known heroin dealer arrested 6:57 pm Second arrest made in murder investigation of TJ Allen 8:15 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 39° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 35° F Wind: W 6 Humidity: 53% Dewpoint: 23° F Sunrise: 7:06 AM Sunset: 5:02 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 39° F Broken Clouds Hi: 45° F Lo: 33° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US By Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 8:48 am Updated: January 17, 2017, 12:54 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Image: Shutterstock) NEW YORK (AP)– Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs generated by its expansion plans. There will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam’s Clubs locations, according to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. The company plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which begins on Feb. 1. The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup. Wal-Mart currently has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas, company has continued to pour money into its e-commerce and improving its stores. The chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Last week Amazon announced that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. Amazon said Thursday its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011, to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Walmart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the U.S. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Shopping Shifts as Brick and Mortar Stores Erode into Retail History Run-DMC sues Wal-Mart, Amazon for $50M Macy’s to close stores, cut jobs amid weak sales Wal-Mart kicks off Cyber Monday on Friday Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  BREAKING NEWS: Double Oscar nominated actor John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer and suffering an intestinal complaint Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to terrorists, end ALL refugee resettlement for 120 days, and freeze Syrians out indefinitely Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned her down and threatened to kill her while he was having oxycodone withdrawal 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass' question listing his policies she claimed worried Britons KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in. Now I can't wait for the return visit - let the hating commence!  Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Team Trump makes embarrassing gaffe by spelling British Prime Minister's name 'Teresa' THREE TIMES in press release Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the President still has his personal handset David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite I believe in torture - but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding and insists he'll let 'general's general' override him Trump orders a 'great rebuilding' of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to smash ISIS - and says Mattis will lead the Pentagon 'brilliantly' What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and reveals he's meeting the Queen (let's just hope he keeps his hands to himself that day) Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left empty - because the White House hasn't sent out his photo 'You are selfish and spineless': Daughter of disgraced Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich hits out at Obama for refusing to pardon her father Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still likes his call sign Chaos) As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime Minister's cheeks, asks QUENTIN LETTS HOLY GUACOMOLE! Mexican minister stokes fears that Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados and Corona beer after presidents suggests 20 percent import tax Trump fires latest shot in Mexico standoff by saying southern neighbor has 'taken advantage' of U.S. - then holds hour-long phone call with Mexican president Trump doubles down on claim '3 million votes were illegal' as Pence promises Republican lawmakers 'a full evaluation'  Staff at Mar-a-Lago are being inundated with angry callers venting their rage against Trump  First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obamas... unlike Barack, George and Bill did with their wives? 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after she warns Donald Trump about forging close relationship with Moscow Previous Next Wal-Mart announces it will ADD 10,000 retail jobs as part of huge $6.8bn US expansion Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US as it opens new stores and expands existing locations The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs generated by its expansion plans There will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam's Clubs locations, according to Wal-Mart Stores Inc  By Associated Press and Reuters Published: 07:03 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 14:12 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail 101 shares 28 View comments Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs generated by its expansion plans. There will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam's Clubs locations, according to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Scroll down for video  Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations (file photo)  The company plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which begins on February 1.  The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup. Wal-Mart currently has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas, company has continued to pour money into its e-commerce and improving its stores.  There will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam's Clubs locations, according to Wal-Mart Stores Inc (file photo)  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Union suspends Southern Railway strikes ahead of fresh talks... Hyundai is the latest car company to curry favor with Trump... Share this article Share The chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Last week Amazon announced that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months.  Amazon said Thursday its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011, to more than 180,000 by the end of this year.  By comparison, Walmart employs about 2.4million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the U.S. Several U.S. companies, particularly automakers, have announced plans to create jobs in the United States since the U.S. election victory of Donald Trump. Trump, who takes office on January 20, has repeatedly singled out and criticized companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States. General Motors Co will announce as early as Tuesday long-held plans to invest about $1billion in its U.S. factories, a person briefed on the matter told Reuters.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 101 shares Most watched News videos Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat Trump calls Islamic State 'sneaky, dirty rats' during Hannity interview Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border Settling in nicely! Ivanka Trump shares bedtime snap of baby... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● Comments (28) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor dies aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint  Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks amid sole custody battle after bombshell allegations about Thicke having an affair  Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Rod Stewart borrows style tips from UK TV's Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends      DON'T MISS 'It's easier when you're younger!' Audrina Patridge reveals why she wants to have three babies back-to-back with husband Corey Bohan Courtney Stodden flaunts her ample cleavage as she heads out for dinner with friends Attention-loving blonde, 22, was hard to miss 'It's how I'm wired': Emma Stone talks crippling anxiety which put her in therapy from age 7 as she reveals she dropped out of high school at 15 to act Gwyneth Paltrow the trendsetter wears bizarre wide leg trousers cropped to the ankle on breezy outing in LA  Goop queen  Nice ice! Mariah Carey continues to wear James Packer's engagement ring as she and boyfriend Brian Tanaka take her twins out for frozen yoghurt Bella Hadid parades around in skimpy black underwear for Dior make-up tutorial video The 20-year-old model flaunted her endless lean limbs Baywatch babe Kelly Rohrbach swaps her lifeguard suit for a skimpy bikini as she flaunts her buxom bust for new fashion campaign Natalie Portman cradles her bare baby bump in striking Vanity Fair image for magazine's Hollywood Issue Shot by Annie Leibovitz Pregnant Natalie Portman, Amy Adams, Lupita Nyong'o and Emma Stone among A-list actresses showcased in Vanity Fair's Hollywood Issue Iranian actress Taraneh Alidoosti, star of Oscar-nominated The Salesman, vows to boycott awards in protest at Trump's 'racist' visa ban EXCLUSIVE: Omarosa pushed Trump to hire black entertainers for inauguration but he didn't want to because 'black people didn't support me' Oprah coming to a fridge near you! Winfrey set to launch a line of ready-meals to help more people eat healthy after her 42 pound weight loss Nina Dobrev confirms she's returning to The Vampire Diaries for season finale as she shares snap of script for last episode Return of the star  'A lot of secrets are going to come out!': Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie documentary set to 'reveal reasons behind their divorce' To go inside the divorce 'I was scared to death!' Molly Sims describes going into labour with baby Grey after two C-sections Introduced the world to her third child  'Is this an opportunity for a three-way?' Dax Shepard jokes introducing Kristen Bell to her celebrity crush Riz Ahmed came off as X-rated proposition Madeleine Albright and Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik say they will register as Muslims in solidarity if Trump creates Islamic database   'I can't wait to sink my teeth into this!' Elton John to co-write musical version of The Devil Wears Prada bound for Broadway Wrote the Lion King  'It hurts... he was my first true love': Chrisley Knows Best star Savannah tearfully reveals split from boyfriend Opened up about split Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich look stunning as they stop by GMA to promote Resident Evil film in NYC Busy promoting the latest installment 'I love you with all my heart': Kim Richards pays tribute to late ex husband Monty Brinson on one year anniversary of his death Gone but not forgotten 'My first sexual encounter was abuse': Thandie Newton reveals she's had candid discussions with her daughters about her assault and racism  On the royal run! Prince Harry dons Lycra leggings as he takes to the streets of London for a jog with young homeless people on a charity visit  Does this prove there's a royal engagement on the way? Meghan Markle's Suits co-star hints she could be 'a future princess of England' Make-up free Calista Flockhart, 52, steps out in rainy Los Angeles to take her teenage son to the barber Took her 16-year-old boy to get his hair cut  Bowled over! Matthew McConaughey blows off some steam at LA bowling alley in between promoting his latest movie Gold Enjoyed some downtime Zayn Malik cuts a low-key figure as he steps out solo in New York... ahead of the video release of Fifty Shades Darker collaboration with Taylor Swift 'There's nothing wrong with a little sag': Kanye's video girl Teyana Taylor showcases her athletic figure in SELF as she discusses her post-baby body Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, nips out in New York to go shopping for newborn Deveraux Headed out to a baby store in the Big Apple Feeling the love! Kylie Jenner is going all out for Valentine's Day with an expansive new make-up collection that she calls her 'favorite so far'  Karaoke singing and dancing fit for Strictly: Why La La Land is the Best Picture we deserve in an era that and celebrates the amateur Suited for the Trump era  As the world pays tribute to late actress Mary Tyler Moore, FEMAIL reveals how the star paved the way for fashion-loving women with her bold style  Scarlett Johansson and husband Romain Dauriac hit back at 'split' rumours as they put on a united front at NYC exhibition... but where is her wedding ring?   That's love all!  Serena Williams blows her fiance Alexis Ohanian a court side kiss at the Australian Open as Reddit co-founder looks on adoringly Lottie Moss flaunts TINY waist as she channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous 'basic b****' meltdown 'I still can't believe Mary Tyler Moore touched my face. Will love her forever': Oprah Winfrey pays tribute to her heroine and relives THAT sweet TV moment EXCLUSIVE: Madonna is trying to adopt four-year-old TWIN SISTERS called Stella and Esther from Malawi A government official told DailyMail.com  And action! Heidi Klum directs sexy photo shoot between two near naked Next Top Model contestants on a bed moving down Hollywood Boulevard Madonna and Matthew McConaughey set to become millionaires (all over again) as investors in Vito Coco, which may be looking to sell for up to $1billion   'We'll do something special': Olivia Newton-John, 68, hints at Grease reunion to mark 40th anniversary of the iconic musical  Delighted fans Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks tired as he grabs a coffee in New York... days after split from girlfriend Danielle Campbell is revealed Dressed down  Romee Strijd bares her taut tummy for date with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen at Catch LA Just returned from a romantic Mexican getaway Winter's coming! Modern Family star Ariel cuts a casual figure in skinny ripped jeans as she steps out for a pampering session Kept her head down  Flying under the radar? Rita Ora cuts a low-key and casual figure as she lands at London's Heathrow airport Cutting a very casual figure  PICTURED: Moving truck spotted at Bel Air estate of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West... amid ongoing work at duo's Hidden Hills home Baseball beauty Meghan King Edmonds 'will not be returning to Real Housewives of Orange County' Wife of former baseball All-Star Jim Edmonds Agony for George Michael's family as his body has STILL not been released for funeral a month since his death as the coroner awaits toxicology results  'An incredible milestone': Ivanka Trump shares sweet video of 10-month-old Theodore crawling for the FIRST TIME in the White House 'I'm going to protect my daughter': Corinne Olympios' mother Peri insists Bachelor 'villain' isn't engaged, a w**** or a slave-owner Biting back A couple that dresses alike: Emily Blunt looks chic in skinny leather trousers and stylish coat as she enjoys dinner with matching husband John Krasinski Mother of former Love & Hip Hop Atlanta reality TV star is FOUND safe at home amid kidnapping fears Police in Georgia were  searching  Lady in red! Queen Letizia is a vision in a figure-hugging gown as she welcomes foreign ambassadors to the palace in Madrid   Impeccably-dressed  Shia LaBeouf is ARRESTED live on camera during anti-Trump livestream after 'getting in a fight with a passing protester'  'I don't think it served our purpose': Cyndi Lauper criticizes Madonna's Women's March speech on WWHL Speaking on Watch What Happens Live It had to be Dunn! Jourdan flaunts her supermodel figure in a plunging black bikini top as she snaps a sizzling selfie Catwalk queen Hello, Norma Jeane! Unique negative of Marilyn Monroe while she was still plain 20-year-old Miss Baker hoping for fame is being sold for $3,700 Doting mum Charlize Theron beams as she joins son Jackson and daughter August on the rides at Disneyland Charlize adopted Jackson in March 2012  Iskra Lawrence displays her peachy posterior and hourglass curves in black lingerie and crop top as she pouts up a storm in new video 'Well that just made my lifetime': Topless Kelly Brook sends Twitter wild over her VERY sexy  commercial aired during Britain's National Television Awards Fancy footwear! Make-up free Drew Barrymore steps out in gold platform heels as she arrives at NYC airport On the promotional trail 'Give up the pursuit for perfection': Size 10 model Iskra Lawrence dismisses airbrushing as she proudly displays her curves in a thong for untouched shoot Taking the plunge! Jamie Chung rocks extremely low-cut one piece and slashed jeans for night out in LA Spotted leaving Delilah after meal  Camilla becomes a plumber! Duchess of Cornwall is made an honorary member of a 650-year-old livery company Honored in London  'I'm not ashamed of a few lumps, bumps or cellulite': Ashley Graham posts snap of leg while urging followers to 'love the skin' they're in Plus-sized model Peter Capaldi flashes a broad smile as he films dramatic Doctor Who scenes with Pearl Mackie in Cardiff Filmed scenes for series 10  Kate Hudson shows off her long legs in skinny black jeans and khaki bomber jacket as she enjoys casual day in Malibu Exited Soho House  Can they fine him for this? Scott Eastwood shares video of his Australia Day celebration as he surfs behind a boat while drinking a BEER Rachel McAdams conceals her lithe frame in a chunky coat as she shoots scenes as Rachel Weisz's lover for new film Disobedience Thriller about murder  The look of love? Crown Prince of Denmark Frederik gives wife Mary a very quizzical look as they attend dinner to honour President of Iceland Penny Lancaster reveals she went to work in Rod Stewart's dressing gown after leaving her clothes following attendance at British tv awards show Giving the cold shoulder: Braless Mel B shows off her toned figure in black cut-out dress with flesh-flashing mesh panel for Today show appearance Arm of support! Christina Ricci is joined by onscreen husband David Hoflin at premiere of her new Amazon show Z: The Beginning Of Everything 'I bet he can't wait': Niall Horan says One Direction bandmate Liam Payne is 'nervous' about welcoming a baby with pregnant girlfriend Cheryl Bleary-eyed Simon Cowell looks in high spirits as he parties with girlfriend Lauren Silverman and Ellie Goulding Entertainment mogul  'I feel so enlightened by our convo!': Kim Kardashian boasts about speaking with her 'favorite' author Betty J. Eadie She has 49.8m followers Working out ALL the muscles! Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off fit figure in sleeveless top and leggings while hosting pelvic fitness class George Michael's former partner Kenny Goss looks solemn as he is comforted by a pal on LA stroll weeks after the singer's tragic death  As fashion ice queen Anna Wintour's rival tells weeping staff she's leaving as editor of British Vogue, was it a case of... stilettos at dawn? A twist on the LBD! Melanie Griffith shows off her long legs in black mini dress while heading to dinner Dinner at Craig's restaurant  Mars attacks! Pop superstar Bruno confirmed as latest act to play the 2017 Grammy Awards  Bringing his live-wire act to the awards ceremony Who needs Sundance? Denise Richards attends LA premiere of her latest film American Violence  Decided to break the mould  Back to black! Peter Dinklage returns to his dark locks for Rememory premiere at Sundance... after debuting fiery red hairstyle days earlier New couple alert? Nina Dobrev and Glen Powell 'have been seeing each other on the low' E! News have also quoted a rep insisting 'they are good friends' It was a very good year! Rob Kardashian shares compilation video as he toasts 12 months of bliss with his baby mama Blac Chyna Looking back Magic Johnson has 'secret 35-year-old love child he abandoned says woman who claims he had his advisor try and strong-arm her into getting an abortion' Jennifer Lopez looks incredible in all white for World Of Dance photo call...while Jenna Dewan Tatum stands out with bold lipstick She's from the block  Iggy Azalea's rumored new beau LJay Currie appears to be wearing the diamond ring her ex-boyfriend French Montana previously bought her Who brings instruments to an a capella fight? Ruby Rose fronts a ROCK BAND in behind the scenes video shared from Pitch Perfect 3 'I don't think she was ready for all of that attention': Army soldier, 29, opens up about dance with Melania Trump First Lady dance partner Baggy lady! Kelly Rowland dons two over-sized wintry outfits for chat show appearances in New York Loose-fitting looks EXCLUSIVE: Ice queen Tonya Harding smokes a cigarette and sips some coffee in her Mickey Mouse PJs outside battered Washington home Meghan Markle is reunited with her on-screen fiance as Suits airs for first time since her relationship with Prince Harry went public EXCLUSIVE: Tom Cruise partied on the deck of Scientology's ship but ex member claims was punished at age 16 for not sexually satisfying her husband Shock split! Scarlett Johansson emerges without her wedding ring after 'secretly ending two-year marriage to Frenchman Romain Dauriac' On-the-go: Sofia Vergara wolfs down a snack in between takes while on set for Modern Family In between takes whilst filming the ABC sitcom  Boys' night out! Lamar Odom flashes his silver grillz as he enjoys a night out in West Hollywood post-rehab Lamar Odom was seen beaming on Tuesday  Taking the lead! Sophia Ecclestone, two, takes her pet pooch for a walk... as doting mum Tamara shows off her $10.8k personalized designer bag Leo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal goes topless in racy Sports Illustrated Swimsuit photo shoot  She is a seasoned veteran of the magazine  Bryce Dallas Howard cuts a trim figure in clinging black patterned dress while heading to appearance in New York The 35-year-old looked every bit the A-list star AnnaSophia Robb goes make-up free as she steps out with a mystery man in New York City Not the usual trappings of famous actresses  Melania Trump is hiring a team to help her fight back against social media attacks from the likes of Chelsea Handler  Insiders say Marvel at the mini Minogues! Kylie shares adorable Australia Day flashback as sister Dannii joins in posting a retro photo of her own Australian treasures  'Don't let Donald Trump find out': Ellen Pompeo jokes she doesn't want new US President to know she's 'practicing fake medicine' on Grey's Anatomy It's Margot Roo-bie: Australian star posts home as Sophie Monk, Skye Wheatley, Roxy Jacenko and stars share sunny Australia Day posts  'She was a pioneer on television and will be so missed': Carol Burnett leads tributes to Mary Tyler Moore after TV icon dies at 80  Comedic legend 'You've left a legacy that I don't think will be matched in my lifetime': Christine Anu pens moving letter to her 'role model' Michelle Obama Made a name for herself  Television icon Mary Tyler Moore dies aged 80 after 'being on a respirator for more than a week at a Connecticut hospital' Beloved star  Pucker up! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell share steamy kisses during romantic getaway together in Milan All over each other  'I was at a breaking point': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie talks bridal shower botch and failed marriage to Mike Shay Opened up  Natural beauty: Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her fabulous figure in a field to protest Donald Trump's plans to advance oil pipelines Instagram snap New mom Peta Murgatroyd pumps breast milk while her glam squad does her hair and make-up for new secret project DWTS star  Show Me What You Got! Jay Z looks engrossed at Sundance premiere of Time: The Kalief Browder Story The Show Me What You Got star  'Are you really gonna marry this guy?' Bryan Tanaka confront Mariah Carey about James Packer engagement on season finale of Mariah's World Elle Fanning dons a suit while Michelle Monaghan flashes skin in sheer top for Sundance Film Festival premiere of Sidney Hall Striking looks Frances Bean Cobain asks judge to order estranged ex to return her father Kurt's guitar worth millions The Nirvana frontman's lefty six-string 'Put through hell': Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa allegedly 'joked about raping' estranged wife Christina on set Another explosive allegation  Glee! Lea Michele beams while stepping out in a pair of sexy knee-high boots in NYC She wore a revealing gold trimmed black dress  Lap of luxury: Kylie Jenner shares selfie in $800 hoodie on Instagram before giving tour of new Mercedes and Rolls Royce She is 19 'I'm ready to move on from sex scenes': Dakota Johnson reveals hopes for 'completely opposite' projects after end of steamy Fifty Shades franchise Sarah Palin's reality show gets the chop before making it to air because she's no Judge Judy and 'doesn't resonate' because she has no legal training  Talk about sibling rivalry! Sisters Venus, 36, and Serena Williams, 35, will play EACH OTHER for Australian Open title after both turned back the clock Ricky Martin slashes the price of his Upper East Side condo to $7.1M... as he plans his Las Vegas residency it went up for sale in October for $8.4M Jacqui Ritchie cuts a seriously chic figure as she and husband Guy put on a loved-up display at luxury gym bash Arriving at the grand-opening  Stylish in stripes! Kelly Osbourne jets out of LA rocking skintight black denim with a wide brimmed hat She was spotted at LAX airport  G is for Gigi! Ms Hadid slips into personalized hoodie and sports nerd glasses to pick up art supplies in NYC She went for a casual look Today's headlines Most Read The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's... Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after... 'We all know what that means': Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to terrorists,... Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass'... KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in.... Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Team Trump makes embarrassing gaffe by spelling PM's name 'Teresa' THREE TIMES in press release Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new... I believe in torture – but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding... Trump orders a ‘great rebuilding’ of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and... Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left... 'You are selfish and spineless': Daughter of disgraced Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich hits out at Obama... Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still... As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime... Holy guacamole! Mexican minister warns Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados Trump fires latest shot in Mexico standoff by saying southern neighbor has 'taken advantage' of U.S. – then... Trump hails vote fraud campaign run by Texan grandfather who boasts it has evidence of 3 million illegals... Staff at Mar-a-Lago are being inundated with angry callers venting their rage against Trump  First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to... 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after... Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored... Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000... Kellyanne Conway slams press for 'snarky comments' and 'eye-rolls' as she blasts 'individuals who call... Donald Trump could be the new Margaret Thatcher because he's going to destroy the Left, Newt Gingrich says  Trump says he hopes to have a 'fantastic' relationship with Putin - who he's due to talk to tomorrow - but... MORE HEADLINES Settling in nicely! Ivanka Trump shares bedtime snap of baby Theodore in his brand new bedroom at the family's Washington DC home  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests The Governor’s Ball Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media 40° F Broken Clouds Hi: 47° F Lo: 32° F 7 Day Forecast Weather Radar Satellite 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Featured: Presidential Inauguration Latest Headlines Trump’s immigration curbs no surprise, those affected say Updated: 4 mins ago DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Many citizens of Muslim-majority countries affected by President Donald Trump’s curbs on travel to the Un… ‘Perry Mason’ actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Updated: 4 mins ago LOS ANGELES (AP) — Barbara Hale, a movie actress who found her most famous role on television as steadfast secretary Della Street in the lon… As Year of the Rooster dawns, ‘phoenix claws’ grace the menu Updated: 44 mins ago Los Angeles freeway claims 3rd mountain lion in 2 months 5:26 pm GOP warns Trump about lifting sanctions on Russia 5:16 pm Weather Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Current Conditions 40° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 33° F Wind: ESE 12 Humidity: 70% Dewpoint: 31° F Sunrise: 7:37 AM Sunset: 5:10 PM Portland Weather Forecast Radar Satellite Currents 7 Day Sponsored by: Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests The Governor’s Ball Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media Search for: Search the site 40° F Broken Clouds Hi: 47° F Lo: 32° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US MICHELLE CHAPMAN and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, The Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 3:26 am Updated: January 17, 2017, 12:56 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) A shopper walks past a sign encouraging customers to order grocery items online and pick them up at a store is displayed at a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market in Bentonville, Ark., Thursday, June 4, 2015. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston) NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” and took credit for bringing jobs “back into the U.S.” However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn’t have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. ________ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Comments are closed. Advertisement Today's Forecast Quiet and Cloudy Evening 5:25 pm Dry Through Weekend Trending Stories on KOIN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KOIN 6 © 1998-2017 KOIN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Headlines Investigations Local News National International Editor’s Pick Entertainment Photo Galleries Crime Game On News Links Hollywood Today Live Traffic Weather Weather Closings Weather Alerts 7 Day Forecast Radar Interactive Satellite PDX Weather App Station About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team Contact Us Job Postings KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts KOIN 6 Mobile Report It KOIN TV Listings Business KOIN Media FCC Public File EEO Report Terms of use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Contact Us! Go to our ReportIt form to send us your news tips, investigations and weather pictures. You can also ask us programming questions and provide feedback on our digital products. Thank you! Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Keystone pipeline: How many jobs it would really create World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets CEO who backs Trump: People must be realistic Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This company just started offering 6-week sabbaticals Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Chicago factory's rare mission: Manufacture eyewear in U.S. Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Walmart adding 10,000 U.S. jobs by Chris Isidore   @CNNMoney January 17, 2017: 8:10 AM ET America's top retailers in trouble Walmart, which employs more workers than any other American business, plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs this year. The job growth will represent less than 1% of the company's current American workforce of about 1.5 million people. But it bucks the trend of major brick-and-mortar retailers, which have been slashing jobs and closing stores. Macy's (M) is closing 68 stores and cutting more than 10,000 jobs. Sears Holdings (SHLD) is closing 150 Sears and Kmart stores, eliminating an undisclosed number of jobs. The Limited has closed all its stores, and American Apparel is likely to do the same in bankruptcy proceedings. Walmart (WMT) itself announced a year ago it would close 269 underperforming stores, including 154, employing 10,000 workers, in the United States. Meanwhile, employment growth has come from online stores such as Amazon (AMZN, Tech30), which announced last week it would add U.S. 100,000 jobs. Walmart said Tuesday it would expand, renovate or relocate 59 Walmart and Sam's Club stores. Some of the jobs will come from expanding or improving e-commerce services. The company reiterated plans to make $6.8 billion of capital investments in the United States with expansion and remodeling of its stores. It said its plans will also lead to 24,000 temporary construction jobs. Related: Walmart's Mexico unit to add 10,000 jobs Walmart made no mention of President-elect Donald Trump in its announcement. But companies have been under pressure commit to U.S. jobs ahead of his inauguration Friday. Ford scrapped plans for a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico two weeks ago and said it would expand a Michigan plant, adding 700 jobs there. Lockheed Martin (LMT), which, like Ford, had been criticized by Trump, announced Friday it would add 1,800 jobs to its F-35 fighter program. And Sprint (S) said it is bringing 5,000 jobs back to the US. Walmart, which imports heavily from China and Mexico, is facing pressure on U.S. jobs as well, even if Trump hasn't focused on the retailer the way he has other companies. When Walmart announced plans in December to add 10,000 jobs in Mexico over the next three years, Trump did not criticize the move. Walmart said at the time that it was not moving any jobs from the United States as part of its Mexican expansion. Walmart committed in 2013 to purchase $250 billion more in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. It estimated that would add 1 million U.S. jobs. It cited three suppliers who are moving operations from foreign countries back to the U.S., which it said will create a little over 1,000 jobs among them. Walmart has also been under pressure from union-backed groups seeking increases in the minimum wage across the nation. It has raised the minimum wage for its American workers to at least $10 an hour. CNNMoney (New York) First published January 17, 2017: 8:01 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Elizabeth Warren asks why federal Wells Fargo complaint site has vanished Insurers warn: We're outta here with no Obamacare replacement Melania Trump on Vanity Fair Mexico cover at an awkward time Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart pledges to keep hiring pace in U.S. this year By Reuters Published: 12:52 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 12:52 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail By Nandita Bose and Sruthi Ramakrishnan Jan 17 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc will create about 10,000 jobs in the United States this year as part of a previously announced plan, it said on Tuesday, as President-elect Donald Trump puts pressure on companies to hire more U.S. workers. The world's largest retailer joined companies like General Motors Co and Amazon.com Inc, which have rushed to announce their plans to add U.S. jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized U.S. companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States. The additional jobs at Wal-Mart, the largest private U.S. employer, would represent less than 1 percent of its U.S. workforce of about 1.5 million and are consistent with its hiring in previous years. Most of the new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores announced in October as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan for the fiscal year beginning in February. Store openings will decline from 130 this year. Wal-Mart hopes to offset that drop by adding positions for e-commerce services like online grocery pick-up, a spokesman said. The new stores in the next fiscal year will also support about 24,000 construction jobs. "We view this as an opportunity to participate in an ongoing conversation about the private sector's role and address the contribution we are making to the community," Wal-Mart spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said. Wal-Mart's announcement comes as it has been letting thousands of U.S. employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. The company said last week that it would cut hundreds of human resources jobs and last year announced plans to eliminate thousands of back-office positions. Wal-Mart said it had offered "customer-facing jobs" to many of those workers. Other companies have also announced plans to add or save jobs. GM said on Tuesday that it would invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories and move some production from Mexico, moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 U.S. workers. German drug and pesticide maker Bayer AG, which is buying U.S. seed company Monsanto Co, pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 U.S. jobs and add 3,000 new U.S. high-tech positions. Trump has taken credit for these statements. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff,'" he tweeted on Tuesday. Wal-Mart also said that by July, it would open 160 training academies, adding to the 40 it already has. More than 225,000 workers will receive up to six weeks of specialty training and graduate from the academies in the coming fiscal year, the company said. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 41° 41° Low 30° High 47° Sat 28° 49° Sun 31° 44° Mon 30° 47° See complete forecast Walmart plans giant expansion that will create thousands of jobs Posted 5:50 am, January 17, 2017, by Associated Press Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Walmart plans giant expansion that will create thousands of jobs NEW YORK (AP) — Walmart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U. S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. Walmart Stores Inc. says there will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam’s Clubs facilities. The chain is planning $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U. S. in the coming fiscal year, which starts on Feb. 1. The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup. Last week Amazon announced that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular Social media on fire about what some Brindlee Mountain students claim they did to teacher 14-year-old student hit and killed near North Sand Mountain High School UPDATE: Alabama State Troopers release name of person killed in Marshall County wreck Man charged with murder in Lauderdale County; victim identified Latest News Jackson County will hold a Cut-A-Thon for a Scottsboro woman battling cancer Gov. Robert Bentley violated campaign finance law, failed to disclose $50,000 loan on time The Lazy J farm has survived this year’s drought Bentley guests for inauguration include former aide Rebekah Mason News Mother gives birth in Walmart checkout line – after paying for merchandise Digital Life Taking Action BIG Black Friday toy deals on Paw Patrol, LEGO and more News Automotive components maker E & E expanding in Tennessee News Ford: F-series is best-selling truck for 40 years News Amazon says it will create 100,000 jobs across the U.S. News No actual aloe vera found in aloe gels from Walmart, Target, CVS: study Northeast Alabama The purchase of Bellefonte could be an economic boost for Jackson County News Major Retailers Release Black Friday Sales Schedule Huntsville Oscar Mayer Wienermobile visiting Huntsville through Saturday News Ford cancels Mexico plant, will create 700 U.S. jobs in ‘vote of confidence’ in Trump Northeast Alabama Fort Payne makes huge business expansions in the city this year Shoals CrimeStoppers Two face felony charges after shopping without paying in Russellville News Woman dies after being run over by her own car in Walmart parking lot Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2017, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart to add 10,000 U.S. jobs in 2017 By Reuters Published: 06:59 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 06:59 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail Jan 17 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc said it would add about 10,000 jobs in the United States this year through the opening or remodeling of 59 stores as well as through its e-commerce business. The number of jobs being created is consistent with previous years, company spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said. The company employs almost 1.5 million people in the country. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments20+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Walmart touts plans to add thousands of jobs in 2017 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Sarah Halzack By Sarah Halzack January 17 Follow @sarahhalzack Shoppers walk from the checkout at a Walmart store in Springdale, Ark. (Danny Johnston/AP) Walmart on Tuesday announced plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs and provide skills-building training to nearly a quarter-million of its workers by the end of 2017. The vast majority of the new positions would be in its stores, including 59 Walmart and Sam’s Club sites it is set to open, remodel or expand. The company says this level of job growth is consistent with what it has delivered over the past several years. In a news release outlining the plans, the world’s largest retailer sought to cast itself as an engine for U.S. employment growth. “With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs,” Dan Bartlett, Walmart’s executive vice president for corporate affairs, said in the release. That kind of messaging comes at a moment when President-elect Donald Trump has been sharply critical of companies that have moved jobs abroad or created new manufacturing facilities overseas. In an interview, The Washington Post asked Bartlett whether he thinks the current political environment made it particularly crucial to talk up Walmart’s employment strategies. “It’s always important to articulate how you’re creating jobs in your country,” Bartlett said. “Obviously, the conversation happening in our country right now, there’s a role for the private sector to have a voice in that conversation. And I think companies should be proud to stand up and talk about how they’re making positive contributions in their communities. So the timing seems right.” Other companies, too, have recently touted their commitment to creating domestic jobs. Earlier this month, when Stanley Black & Decker bought the Craftsman tool brand, it said it would be manufacturing those products stateside and growing its U.S. workforce to do so. Amazon.com said last week that it intends to add 100,000 positions nationwide over the next 18 months. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, owns The Post.) Along with the 10,000 positions Walmart plans to add in 2017, the company says it expects its investments would support an additional 24,000 construction jobs. The retailer had previously announced that it plans to spend $6.8 billion this year to build or remodel stores and to establish new e-commerce distribution centers, moves that should foster demand in the construction business. The company developed this projection based on historical data about how many construction workers it has needed for such projects in the past. Meanwhile, Walmart will also continue its effort to attract and retain talent by expanding its Academies program that provides special training for store workers. This year, it will open about 160 new Academies to offer this kind of instruction, a sharp jump over the 40 it has today. “We’re really putting the foot on the gas pedal and just investing in this training, because we see the immediate benefit of it,” Bartlett said. By adding more Academies, the company says, it will be able to offer up to six weeks of training to more than 225,000 workers. Walmart, like others in corporate America, has an especially close eye on Washington these days, waiting to see the details of plans from the incoming Trump administration and Congress that could dramatically reshape trade policy or corporate tax rules. But, Bartlett said, “it’s way premature to try to calculate the puts and takes of the various policies that have been discussed.” That’s in part because corporations have not yet heard the specifics of what these plans will call for. But, he said, as more details emerge, they have a framework for evaluating them. “The lens that we typically look at these things is: How does it affect our customers?” he said. Walmart also identified on Tuesday the recipients of $3 million in grants that the Walmart Foundation is providing to six universities for studies of innovation in textile manufacturing, part of an earlier commitment it had made to funding research grants for projects on how to make textiles more sustainably and to make more of them stateside. Save business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 20+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news. Follow @sarahhalzack 27 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 CDC’s canceled climate change conference is back on — thanks to Al Gore 2 In these six American towns, laws targeting ‘the illegals’ didn’t go as planned 3 Trump’s choice for labor secretary outsourced jobs 4 Tariff? Border tax? Why it’s so hard for Donald Trump to make Mexico pay for the wall. 5 The smart way to think about that trade deficit with Mexico Market Watch DJIA 0.16% NASDAQ -0.02% Get quote Last Update: 01/27/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.

Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota Gophers football players' suspension hearings head into final hours St. Paul's new recycling system leaves some residents frustrated Lake Street-Marshall Avenue bridge reopens after protest, police say Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years Critics: Downtown St. Paul skyways are unsafe, unsightly, mismanaged Former Twins manager Kelly to be honored with statue at Target Field A toss of the hat: Minneapolis flash mob pays tribute to Mary Tyler Moore Is it possible to fix the bottleneck at Hennepin and Lyndale? United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well Best sports siblings ever from Minnesota? Here's the Top 10 list next Business 410867085 Target, other stores partner with trade group for entry-level job training program Target, Home Depot and other stores are supporting the program.  By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press January 16, 2017 — 6:03pm Seth Perlman, Associated Press Wal-Mart employees answer questions during a job fair at the University of Illinois Springfield campus in Springfield, Ill., in 2011. Trying to stem high turnover in store jobs, a nonprofit group and chains such as Wal-Mart and the Home Shopping Network are launching a program to help people develop the skills to land entry-level jobs and advance in a retail career. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Trying to stem high turnover in store jobs, nonprofit groups and chains such as Target, Wal-Mart, Home Depot and the Home Shopping Network are launching a program to help people develop the skills to land entry-level jobs and advance in a retail career. As more people shop online, stores say they need workers who come in with more knowledge and can offer better service. The training and credential program, led by the nonprofit arm of the National Retail Federation trade group, includes sales and inventory basics, dealing with customers and how to use technology. “The skill gap is a huge challenge in America broadly,” said Ellen Davis, a senior vice president at the trade group and executive director of the NRF Foundation. “Talent is a significant challenge in retail at all levels.” More than 20 major retailers have pledged general support for the Rise Up program. It’s part of a broader credential plan that would help workers move up that may include training for store supervisors and in specific areas like retail analytics. Thirty-two percent of all first jobs in the U.S. are in retail, the retail federation said, and stores overall have more job openings now than they did a few years ago. Rising wages have increased competition for workers as people take better-paying jobs. The average hourly pay for cashiers and low-level retail sales staff is $9.26, according to a recent Hay Group study — a level labor groups say still isn’t enough to live on. The retail industry says store jobs can be a starting point toward bigger things. Target CEO Brian Cornell said in a statement that 60 percent of team leaders at the Minneapolis-based retailer began as hourly store workers, and that the company has a long history of strong training and development programs. Rise Up is yet another opportunity “offering people throughout the industry tremendously valuable learning and growth opportunities as they chart their retail career path.” In stores, entry-level work isn’t just about folding clothes and ringing up sales. Beyond making change, the Rise Up program includes how to balance a cash drawer and check for counterfeit currency. Employees also need to understand how stores and online sites work together, use up-to-date handhelds to check inventory and solve customer-service problems. “It’s crisp, clear lessons,” said James Rhee, CEO of clothing chain Ashley Stewart, which is among the retailers that will give the credential weight in their hiring. “It’s not just about buying and selling. It’s extremely service-oriented, but it’s extremely more quantitative and it’s all about the innovation of technology.” The program offers 30 to 40 hours of classroom training or 15 hours of online training, and will be administered through nonprofit groups and public education partners. The overall cost is $50, but many students will be able to get subsidies. How much of an effect this first industry credential could have remains to be seen. It follows a hodgepodge of certificates backed by government or foundation grants that didn’t hold much sway. The NRF Foundation will evaluate the program at six to 10 companies later this year to see if participants get jobs faster, stay longer and get raises faster. It’ll make changes if necessary after that. Wal-Mart, which has training academies for its own workers, said it won’t decide about using the credential in the hiring process until after the study. Dress for Success, which worked with the NRF Foundation on a pilot program in New York with nine women, has seen most of them find work. “Our goal is to not just get them a job,” said Amy Tashjian, senior director of worldwide programs for Dress for Success, “but to continue to build their confidence and to help them not just get a job but a career.”   Staff writer Kavita Kumar contributed to this report. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Family of teen who died after wisdom teeth procedure sues Edina dentist Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well Take a look inside 'The Mary Tyler Moore Show' house for sale in Mpls. Best sports siblings ever from Minnesota? Here's the Top 10 list Is it possible to fix the bottleneck at Hennepin and Lyndale? How longer life spans may change workplaces Capella's stock rises sharply after first-quarter results beat expectations U.S. Bank tests ways to fight bias against long-term unemployed Ask Matt: Why do they want me to take an assessment test? Focus is key to a successful job hunt out of college More From Business Business January 28 Reviews: Nintendo Switch and Apple AirPods each get thumbs up Nintendo Switch $300Console options like a custom experienceNintendo's new Switch console is an odd gadget. With a modular design that lets you take your quest… Business January 28 BlackBerry and Nokia phones are coming back — with a twist The 2017 smartphone cycle is about to kick off in earnest, and there are some familiar names fighting to come back into the fold.BlackBerry Mobile… South Metro 10 minutes ago Local candy company Abdallah expands to Apple Valley The candy company added a second production facility and a store in Apple Valley Business 19 minutes ago State hopes '25 percent off sale' will draw health plan shoppers Lawmakers this week provided the 25 percent premium rebates to certain people buying through the state's individual market. Business 51 minutes ago United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well United Airlines, which will soon launch no-frills basic economy fares, chose Minneapolis-St. Paul as a test market in part because Minnesotans tend to follow rules. Top Stories Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota 53 minutes ago Gophers football players' suspension hearings head into final hours 22 minutes ago St. Paul's new recycling system leaves some residents frustrated 13 minutes ago Most Read United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well • Business Mexican import tax would be dire for Minnesota industry, trade experts say • Business American Apparel, Wet Seal closing remaining Twin Cities stores • Business Dayton signs bill bearing health insurance premium relief • Business State hopes '25 percent off sale' will draw health plan shoppers • Business World Al-Shabab, Kenya claim dozens of deaths in Somalia attack Warnings of rising xenophobia on Holocaust remembrance day Nation Ferguson missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department Little girls doubt that women can be brilliant, study shows Politics Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild rolls into All-Star break with romp over Blues Wild's All-Star caravan readies for its L.A. close-up Wolves Crunch topples KAT's dad in stunt gone wrong; Pacers topple Wolves Souhan: Thibodeau's style working with young Wolves Gophers North Star Cup didn't turn into 'magic event' organizers hoped Eggum sheds 'interim' tag, named head coach of Gophers wrestling Celebrities Willie Nelson cancels 2 of 5 Las Vegas shows due to illness 'Mannix' star Mike Connors dies at 91 Vikings Vikings' Bridgewater still rehabbing with no set timeline to return Mailbag: Cordarrelle Patterson to running back? Issues beyond Peterson? poll Poll: Who should get the most minutes at point guard for the Wolves? 10,000 Takes Jana Shortal: Mary Tyler Moore left the light on for newswomen like me Best thing about new 'Star Wars'? Girls like me won't have to play Chewbacca Featured Gallery Inauguration Day: Trump becomes America's 45th president 37 photos As Donald Trump began Inauguration Day Trump supporters flocked to the nation's ... Featured Video Obama's legacy shines brightest in the faces of tomorrow's leaders 05:57 President Barack Obama's term exposed ugly racial rifts in America but a new ... Taste Fans flock to Oak Grill, Skyroom as 113-year Minneapolis tradition ends From Piccolo to pizza, the best restaurants for date night in the Twin Cities StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 Governor signs bill banning abortion procedure; measure fails to make March primary permanent Hutchinson: Trump’s protectionist talk a concern; opposes school choice bill Bill would delay medical marijuana until legal nationwide House panel advances tax break for military retirees, removes planned tax hike on manufactured housing Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth Northwest Arkansas sales tax revenue begins 2017 with an almost 11% increase Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Sen. Cotton suspects White House may be behind intelligence leaks Rep. Crawford says ethics agency needs reform, but GOP move not the solution Rep. Crawford offers thoughts on agriculture, trade posts; drops hint on Ag Secretary pick Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations The Supply Side: Wal-Mart’s recent corporate downsizing raises questions among suppliers Arkansas tourism industry hopes to build off two-year ‘hot streak,’ may face some economic headwinds in 2017 Trucking industry stocks get reality review after post-election bump Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Tomorrow’s retail-sector technology is now being tested and used BusinessNorthwest ArkansasStartups by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 1 week ago 197 views  Tags: retail technology 0 SHARES Share Tweet Though drones and augmented reality applications have not become mainstream, retailers from Amazon to Wal-Mart Stores are securing patents and testing cutting edge technologies that are beginning to tiptoe into the retail industry. The Federal Aviation Administration released in June the basic guidelines that will regulate the commercial use of drones noting that drone flights could begin in the next few months once the rules were recorded in the Federal Register. Retailers like Wal-Mart and Amazon are already testing drones within their organizations, and Amazon made a successful drone delivery for online purchases in the United Kingdom in late 2016, a process not yet approved in the U.S., as the FAA continues to study the impact flying drones could have on commercial airspaces. Amazon has received a patent for an airborne fulfillment center such as an airship or blimp that would float at an altitude of around 45,000 feet. The patent indicates drones descending from the floating airship/warehouse to make final deliveries for items ordered by consumers. One example provided in the patent was the floating blimp being used as a giant advertising board at a professional or college football game where customers may want certain items such as food or merchandise. Wal-Mart has been using drones internally and is working within the FAA guidelines. Seth Waite, chief marketing officer for Bentonville-based Rev Unit, said drone usage for final-mile delivery in the U.S. still faces several hurdles given federal agencies must first give approval. Waite said technology such as drones and augmented reality have the potential to radically change traditional retail within a few years. “I can see augmented reality creeping into retail this year (2017) as retailers try to differentiate themselves by improving shopping experiences. Virtual reality requires special devices and behavior changes are needed to make it work, but augmented reality can be accomplished with a smartphone,” Waite said. With the recent popularity of Pokemon Go and its use of augmented reality, retailers are looking for ways to adapt this technology into their businesses. Waite sees retailers using augmented reality in three key areas — in-store, online/out-of-store and internal operations. “Retailers will be able deliver more personalized experiences through augmented reality when used inside store by adding depth of information. It allows retailers to bring rich media content about products and related information onto the sales floor. Customers look through their phone to see product reviews, product demonstrations and other experiential information.” Waite said. “In fashion stores, the magic mirror is already being used on a small scale and this allows customers to vision what they would look like wearing a certain item. They can change the sweater color, without having to physically get an attendant to bring them another color or size. This allows for a very personalized experience,” he added. Waite said augmented reality can also turn stores into showrooms that give customers a glimpse at what large items might look at when they get them home. For instance he said a backyard swing set sold at Sam’s Club doesn’t actually have to be in the club. With augmented reality, a shopper can view an image of that item through their phone and see what it might look like in their own yard. Waite added that could be a space saver for retailer’s stores, allowing for smaller physical stores in the future. He said there are already early applications of augmented reality being used by online retailers such as Wayfair that allows shoppers to see how well furniture pieces fit inside a room or how a painting looks on a wall in their home. He said IKEA is also using the technology that allows customers to not only see what items looks like in their home, it allows for shoppers to connect with other family members to consult on the product before is purchased. “Think about purchasing a tent online and using augmented reality to allow you crawl inside and check out the space before you buy it and get it home. This technology is already being used at retail by some retailers and could become more mainstream in the next few years,” Waite said. Pop-up stores and other applications for augmented reality to enhance the shopping experience are also being tested by retailers. In South Korea, Tesco tested an application of augmented reality in a busy train station. Instead of billboard advertising along the busy walkways, the retailer showed images of grocery milk, bread, cheese, cereal, etc. Consumers could simply walk past and scan the image with a smart phone and it was added to an online cart. That test proved popular with busy Korean families, according to multiple media reports. Waite also said retailers will also have various uses for augmented reality within their operations, warehouses and backrooms. He said they will be able use the technology to increase operational efficiencies. For instance, there are applications that can allow workers to quickly locate products in a crowded back room or warehouse when the complete layout is part of the application. He said when redesigning modular layouts for stores, workers and suppliers can easy see how the modular will appear in stores. The modular may be built in Bentonville, but through augmented reality a store manager in Denver can easily see a 360-degree view of a completed modular before it’s built and shipped. “Technology and data are not a bad things when they’re relevant and helping retailers get to know customers betters and make their lives easier. It can get creepy when the knowledge becomes too invasive and doesn’t provide any real convenience. When retailers use technology to become more personal with their customers it can enhance the relationship. Think about going to a corner store and everyone there knowing your name and what you like. Now technology can help mega retailers provide that same personal touch. I know it sounds strange but technology is allowing retailers to create relationships and act more human with their customers,” Waite said. Comments comments Previous post Federal legislation not likely to have big impact on Arkansas’ economy in 2017 Next post Bear State’s CEO steps down, bank board names 35-year old CEO to lead fast-growing Little Rock financial group Newsletter Sign up to get latest from TB&P in your inbox! Talk Business & Politics Newsletter Sign Up Subscribe Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Pakko The Arkansas economy in 2017: Improving trends to continue John Burris 10 rules for legislators Kathy Deck Arkansas economic growth to continue in 2017, but pace could slow Williams Yamkam 5 questions for President Trump and his team Latisha Settlage Arkansas, national economies poised for more growth in 2017 Latest Popular Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies 2 hours ago Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year 4 hours ago U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 8 hours ago Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth 8 hours ago Bentonville/Bella Vista chamber rebrands with new name, logo 11 hours ago The Supply Side: Wal-Mart’s recent corporate downsizing raises questions among suppliers 2,835 views Women’s March for Arkansas draws thousands to Little Rock 2,739 views The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations 2,092 views Top management shifts at Sam’s Club to happen under incoming CEO Furner 2,056 views Brewer’s exit as CEO of Sam’s Club surprised few; likely to have many career options 1,569 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
BellaNaija Inspired! Home News Features Events Music Movies & TV Style Beauty Weddings Career Relationships Living Inspired! Francisca Olopade: Live Inexpensively 17.01.2017 at 6:00 pm By Francisca Olopade 13 Comments Living Inexpensively is my life mantra. Since I can remember, I never like to pay full price for anything. Below, I am going to be sharing some tips and advice on how to live life without breaking the bank. I like to find coupons, discounts on things before I buy them. I am signed up with coupon sites like groupon, living social, and retailmenot where I search for coupon codes before I shop online or in a store. These sites have coupons for almost any store/website you are looking to shop at/on. Ebates (www.ebates.com) gives cash back on all purchases made through their site. This is a great way to earn money back on money you are going to spend anyway. (I have gotten as much as $150 back in the past). Some apps also help to save money. I use a couple of apps that give discounts on purchases or allows me to rack up points I can redeem later. Examples of these kinds of apps are below: Shop kick: You get points for walking into designated stores (like target and old navy) and also scanning items in the store and then you can redeem those points for gift cards. Wan-Mart savings catcher app: Wal-Mart will give you cash back if they find that any other store has any item you purchased from them cheaper. Target cartwheel app: This app gives you perk points every time you shop at target (you have to scan your app barcode when checking out). You can then redeem your perk points for different free items in the store. The app also posts daily discounts on specific items, which is awesome. Ibotta: This app allows shoppers earn real money for shopping. You search through the different offers in the product gallery and choose the ones you want to purchase. Once any of these items are purchased from ibotta partners (like Wal-Mart) cash is deposited into your account, which can be turned into gift cards. Gas Buddy: This app lets you find the cheapest gas price closest to you. This saves time and money when you are trying to purchase the lowest priced gasoline. Hotel Tonight: This is an international app that allows you to find incredibly low prices on last minute hotel bookings. They have 24 hr. customer service, which is great for emergencies. Furthermore, I shop at stores where I can accrue points for buying. Examples of such stores include Agaci clothing store, Children’s Place, Kohl’s and Express. I also sign up with stores so as to get email and text coupons from them: I clip coupons from newspapers and magazines and I am also learning the art of couponing (you can follow the crazy coupon lady on Facebook to learn extreme couponing). Haven said all these; I tell people everyday that there is so much money that is constantly left on the table. We just have to make conscious effort as a people to search for these discounts. Why should you pay full price for something when you can pay a percentage of that amount? What do you do when you have extra money lying around? So after getting all these discounts and deals, what should you do with the extra money you have sitting in your account? YOU SAVE! We all need savings in order to survive a job loss, tough times, unexpected family situations and any economic recession. It is always a great idea to have some money put aside. I personally use some saving apps and bank accounts to save and I will be talking about them below: Digit Savings App: is an app that’s linked to your checking account that studies your spending habit and then automatically finds small amounts of money that is not spent and saves it for you. This allows you to save without even thinking about it. All personal information is safe and access to your funds is easy, you just simply text “withdraw” within the app and your money is sent back to your linked checking account. Capitalone360: this is an entirely online savings account that you can link to your checking account and have a particular amount go in there every time you get paid. It is easy to set up and there is no need to go into the bank for anything. You also don’t need a bankcard to operate it. Withdrawal takes about 3 days, which discourages withdrawing money all willy-nilly. I also have my savings account that is attached my checking account at my bank. I have it set up where a portion of my paycheck goes in there automatically every payday. With this account, I made sure my banker removed it from my account view online so I’m not tempted to see how much I have in there. This has worked perfectly for me so far and sometimes I forget that I have it there. In conclusion, if you don’t have to spend all that money then don’t! There are so many money saving apps out there that can do all the work for you. I have given you some examples here that I use personally but you can do some more research on your own and get the app that works best for your lifestyle. Let us make 2017 the year to live inexpensively ☺ Photo Credit: Monkey Business Images | Dreamstime.com About Francisca Olopade My name is Francisca Olopade. I’m married with children and I love living inexpensively and everything about travel. I’m God loving, I am a teacher by day, I love to watch movies, try different cuisines and travel at any given opportunity. If you would love to be part of this movement, you can join my Facebook group (living inexpensively). You can also visit my blog at www.livinginexpensively.com and follow me on instagram and twitter @livinginexpensively love this + Comment  13 Tagged With: Francisca Olopade, Shopping inexpensively, Thrift ShoppingFiled Under: Features, Inspired! Related Posts « Slim Girl Founder Juliana Richards Gives Away Free Sanitary Pads to 1,000 Girls in Nigeria “I Did Not Kill My Husband” Wife speaks out in case of Nigerian-American Military Veteran assasinated in Imo » 13 Comments on Francisca Olopade: Live Inexpensively LEM January 17, 2017 at 8:18 pm Ok this is really great but I am guessing most of these points are not applicable for people in Naija, no? Love this! 25 Reply Francisca Olopade January 18, 2017 at 1:36 am Unfortunately this is only applicable to US Residents 🙁 Love this! 8 Reply Kayode Olopade January 18, 2017 at 2:51 am You can’t get points in Nigeria and neither can you use coupon but u can visit several stores selling the same item and purchase from the one with cheaper price. Several stores also do price match from other stores. There’s always power in cash item. Love this! 4 Reply Me January 19, 2017 at 1:31 am There are several stores in Nigeria (at least in Lagos) that now have loyalty cards. They give you points when you make purchases. these points add up to cash back that you can use to buy stuff too. I guess when more stores catch on, prices may become more competitive. Love this! 1 Tell me January 17, 2017 at 9:51 pm Cheap skate! (I kid) Love this! 7 Reply Francisca Olopade January 18, 2017 at 1:36 am Thank you 🙂 Love this! 2 Reply Tosin January 18, 2017 at 1:19 am Me and sensible spending — tight friends. Oya do the Naija version of this article abeg 🙂 Love this! 12 Reply Francisca Olopade January 18, 2017 at 1:44 am that will be hard because i don’t live in Nigeria but i will see what i can do 🙂 Love this! 1 Reply “changing moniker” January 18, 2017 at 5:12 am Good article. Love this! 2 Reply Francisca Olopade January 18, 2017 at 5:00 pm Thank you! Love this! 1 Reply aj January 18, 2017 at 7:57 am I don’t like using coupons in grocery stores! the only time I use coupons is during online shopping…I go to retailmenot.com. Love this! 2 Reply Francisca Olopade January 18, 2017 at 5:02 pm Well…to each his/her own but you can save money if you do…since you like using coupons online, retailmenot is great but also sign up on ebates.com to get cash back on money you are spending! Love this! 2 Reply Manny January 18, 2017 at 10:49 pm A lot of grocery stores allow you to clip coupons to your loyalty card eg Safeway, Giant. Walgreens too Love this! 2 Reply Post a comment Name Email Website Cancel reply Recently Osayi Emokpae Lasisi: 7 Lessons from President Trump That You Can Implement in Your Business BN Beauty: Heading Out Tonight? Watch Dimma Umeh’s Super Easy Tutorial for a “Quick Glam” Look “We advice the general public to tread with caution and desist from transacting any business with him” – Five Star Music releases Official Statement on Allegations of HarrySong’s Arrest #BBNaija – Day 5: Kemen & Uriel share a heart-to-heart + What’s the tea on Tboss & Miyonse’s relationship? OAP Maria Okanrende Releases New Photos as she Launches her Official Website! MicoStar Mall – The Safest Way To Shop Abroad From Nigeria Need an Affordable Hotel in Victoria Island? Choose Cotton Suites For Wedding and Proposal Rings, Call 08094945645, BB PIN: Egemsng or Whatsapp 08062229354‎ Delicious authentic Chinese dishes in an eloquent setting at Sinoni Abuja Subscribe to BN via Email! Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Recent Comments fleur on “It’s not enough for us to protest…it is important for us to join governance” – Actress & Politician Funke Adesiyan says to 2Baba Duchess Maria on From Walking Down the University Hostel to the Aisle! #BBNWonderland Eguono Avon and Ejiro have the Cutest College Sweetheart Story Mz Socially Awkward.... on #ThrowbackThursday: What Was Your Favourite Cartoon Growing Up? Kate on “We advice the general public to tread with caution and desist from transacting any business with him” – Five Star Music releases Official Statement on Allegations of HarrySong’s Arrest Ewa Ali on BN TV: Are You Settling for Less? Watch Episode 17 of Dolapo Oni’s “So You Wanna Get Married” with Guests Kehinde Adewole, Kanyin Adio-Moses & Yomi Black © 2017 Bella Naija. All rights reserved | About Us | The Team | Copyright | Terms And Conditions | Privacy Policy MENU Home News Features Events Music Movies & TV Style Beauty Weddings Career Relationships Living Inspired! Custom Search
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look at The Capital Building in Washington D.C RADAR: Storms Move East Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Live Look at the Surf From Ocean Beach in California Beluga Whale Tank at the Georgia Aquarium Kittens Play on the ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Bald Eagle Tends to Her Chick in Fort Myers, Fla. Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Jeff Bridges Talks 'Hell or High Water' and the One Constant in His 70 Films More Bridges appears on "Popcorn With Peter Travers" to talk his role as a Texas Ranger in the film "Hell or High Water." 22:38 | 01/18/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Jeff Bridges Talks 'Hell or High Water' and the One Constant in His 70 Films They have video. Same billowing around. And Wal-Mart sells sort of electronic equipment. Or get your hands off. Well you Gore's. Liberation. Just you can do drawers take him homeowners'. Money entry did. I can't arrange shipment. It's scripted burns director. Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers in this is popcorn we we tell you what's happening at the movies and the movie I've been eleven per month now called hell. I wore and it stars my buddy here Jeff Bridges. It is ended at one well now I just think this is one this movie sneak up on people. And they see it and tell other people and thank you guys you know war. And Jeff Bridges as Gooden who know new. With would that happen he feel good about that. I do I'm really pleased with the film you know great group great you know it last year and great director David McKenzie. Wonderful cast you know Hannibal make him well believe Kim I'm just terrific. We'll talk a little about this Texas ranger guy and you're like. I love that his little teasing we. Which is not how like key aspect and flicked down. Will we were all very fortunate to have walking that Jackson on this it's. He he's no longer with us passed away last year but you're very real Texas ranger. And he of course told us you how to Wear all the gear and you know Heidi behavior. But he was on this. And just being his presence you kind of get get something. You'd think. You know a guy who's. He had his life that you kind of have this you should know but he cast we do you know. Very loving. So he was he was a wonderful. Source for me and then also. As far as the you know the heating. Aspect of my care yet. I. I called my grandfather. Red Simpson. Who's from Liverpool. And he has really had agreed. From him you have big draw a lot of humor you know he would tease us terrible. And brother blow. He he inherited the teasing gene. I remember what you tell you know he he he are pleased me just terrible. And my mother would those Jeff that just because he loves his. And I could understand they go yeah that's a way of you know displaying intimacy I know you so well the conclusion that and Erica understood that from. Refusing. So that was something I could. But the guy is just as I mean they can actors just so richly drawn as a guy who would be just wading. In the chair for the next robbery here hoping he picked the right bank he. Last who themselves as actors don't have to face the bases retirement you know we could. You Texas Rangers again. Pulled the plug on certain page yet human. Did you see this as a political movement when did we just think that rarely if the banks I mean banks have really violence here. Yeah they or. What were the things that appealed to me about the script was ambiguity. Because. Did not write this tube than is right for the banks to you'll lend money to peacefully. Know damn well it can't. Sitting back and then again there's. That's so that such an. It's. I'm the reason partly they had from the pocket can read write I mean you should re likely to hear that has to do with your question. A a is that I've prepared is I have never seen an increase their pockets shows is that this is if you're off your. Oh yeah. I don't know my. Uses. Souls and its quote from him this was something. They moved. If only it were so simple. If only there were evil people's somewhere insidious leak committee evil deeds and that were necessary only to separate them from the rest of us and destroy. But the line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being. And who was willing to destroy it piece of news. Yes you know so this them. This judgment right and wrong when so often because it that we all have human beings both. Did you discuss this with the actor Hugh working with with Chris pine and Ben Foster when you or your. Sitting down or. On the surface and what's going on and unique is that something talk about as actors. You rehearse. We rehearse it was certainly. We talk about a little bit. You know but net. Net focused on that and that and that's what we wanted to convey in this news you know Lou. The lives of the characters of use and talk to them. David McKenzie director of personal fortune. We do receive stories I'll Yan was no great movie really good for nothing in just it's so moving but. That's what this Mitt best kind of thing is so important to me in terms of being somebody who watches movies. It's the kind of movie that doesn't have it didn't cost Britain fifty million dollar may. And that kind of movies kind of fallen through the crap. Yet but it's Colin bath tub Condoleezza. Rice. Yeah it at this point your life what you have seven Oscar nominee. I don't know I think I'm the neither carrier go with being right. Could and you have that Oscar sit man. Where's it's it is fitting that Hugo. In my secretaries. Secretary's office differences. Right. And seek policy. Thank you did you visitation rights. Do you know I bring in up because. You have one of what I think is an enviable career you know you've done everything played. Anything that you wanted to you didn't seem to be managed by some but he get you can't do you hear me. The thing about the Oscar nominations that gets me that is among those seven days if there's not one for the big. You didn't good nominee for the movie premieres that a good movie did great. But those jet dude. You know whatever but he says they are the Oscars though he's right I would say it's it was not the if I think the relevant coordinator didn't have there are there are mass is meant that make it look so easy. It's like give those guys in the ward you know they to spill the laws from you know. But it's a pot so it's just so great watching that movie each scene leads to another great it doesn't you know you can make a movie like that but this movie lives you know we have we live in a world where everybody as short attention span. On to the next and the next thing in the next thing but that lives you know the dude does a box. We you know about the festival's if you wait till one I had my beetle moment there you know play with my bare and the byters do you byters of course but you know we're back ladies and gentlemen good it. And the play into his seat. Do's and bowling you're pretty dresses up some. Some guys are olympians. Flawed. So one guy think he won the award this year it was the little drawings that Jackie re free horn draws all right. As. The dude reacted the aged from. It might call a mom needs him. Let's. Let's do some benefits for. These colleges or apply you know so you take care work people. I think I'm I'm hoping. It was very exciting times. That's a one more port humorous side he's not six you know we don't want. I think the thing that I Monaco myself you'll against cervical. You you know one. Just you know rollover. Enabled us you know it you know I'm trying to get them do to inspire what are the things that impressed me about trump. The use. He's very you know. Changeable whose. You know if you open a probably less kind word would be hypocrite. But that's something that all of those human beings deal with our own articulate with hypocrisy and you know. We're. In that we don't know world. Everything you know we are mines can change I'm hoping that he keeps that going and that we can fueled boom you listen to the people. Was to make America great again. I think remain in America I think I'm for making the world grade. Americas a part of that. And I want to do that I care and two seen that happens on you know. I'm bulletin what do you and I I just had an image of the dude you know basically dealing with the wall that's going to be built idea that tell him you know meets these just. The only way it in the he's going to these there's all that's that you can. Tell the continent. But when do you do you spend time looking at your own work. You know when do you watch the movies at home do you stay. Let's take a look at what's your first Oscar nomination is the less its future. What were you eleven like toys yet there that was it. It's still a great. That would stands alone atlases can sit there by itself is nothing really like it or it's like you just isn't. Black and white Gloria to doing what groups and rock shock and away went humor. Memory about the first thing that comes to you think that. Well. What are the first I guess the first because you know you're talking about hell or high water is a felony Lloyd catlett. And he was sixteen year old kid is an archer city by the way the first bank that the guys rob and Heller. We are listed isn't all had been a little. Did it anyway. Lloyd was hired physicist who came to play a part in the movie and he also. Was hired to teach us California kids how to beat Texas here is. And we have now dumps over seventy films together he's been my stand for seventy fields was through line through. Oracle. These so he knows everything and so yeah the united hadn't like morally we can tell you guys are meddling in. He could remember things like in but there had met through metal through all those moves is one and whenever play god like. Mark Moseley in hell or high water. Words my mind my touchstone is Texas mis you know that western. Woman. How did that though that nomination. Change your life. When your day via 20/20. One whatever you want when you're making that movie did it mean because you grew up with that you we've talked to when you've been here before Baghdad and your mom and you know I remember you when you were on his show right Steve Torre. Somewhere it said when you were two years old you were in in the. No but six months six months it's still your career really spans it runs that. Did you demand final cut six you know what would you call. It was called the company she keeps wrong and it was. With a Jane Greer wonderful actors my parents who visited this. And they needed a baby in my mom's that you can take my kid him. It was a rather happy baby. And the baby in the movies was the core. My mom's just couldn't. It's been different. That we cut may be. You know 35 years later I mean a movie. With Jane Greer. And against laud you can view regional out of the past wonderful moment movement in the remake. And she's playing. The mother and in the remake and we have received together message I'm having some trouble the mode and so little right here. If you look at these period and it worked in the world war vet. I think then you did on the ball like but with that companies would write another nominee. Yeah happens and you did that with Michael should mean and yeah. Now it's Mike whose movie you just lost him. And just before you got here is about who was here. Our reminiscent of the world did told me stories about I wouldn't and I had no idea when eighty. In most movies take a couple of months this program the dual. It's like why and when you do when you're making a movie like that with somebody to Maine and him becomes and people think it's the worst thing I've ever seen. What have you. Hollywood you know it's harder it really hurts right in two years in your heart. All of that effort. It creativity that went into film. And have it you dusted like that lets you know the very. I'm very happy about its how it's received these days at a very different classic. But in that time. It was kind of Roman MTV was coming fast cutting them thing and this movie. Who leisurely pace you had to really enjoy that movie you've got to give to the directors. Please. But. While really it was a great. Window into those times. The you have so many things going on in your head that you did your an actor you're musician in. It was kind of interesting that you won an Oscar for creating art because it brought that other Alan. Like the use the colts since. You know who you walk the and so I'm sorry that my parents were around you know. When Oscar. Can. Because. You know I remember early on in my career. My dad was so good hope would be it to be an actor. Like music and Jeff don't be ridiculous is that you're you're gonna have opportunities. To bid musicians was so wonderful. These factors you get you know. Participate in all your interest like. Listen real news. May do you make that decision for yourself with it at a particular movie you were making it said. You know Latin. And yeah. It was just finished making a movie and kind of exhausted. You know and at that time I was me that your balloon to keep doing I admit it may be twelve movies. You know been nominated all that was in the past but I still was thinking maybe I will do so most of the rest of my life you know. And got a call from my agents and got great news John Frankenheimer one should be in the eyes and come. With for a group marched we Maher Robert Wise. I was like the American film you'll we're I think he's going to play before our apply. And I didn't kind of bush things just. And about a minute later the director just worked with LaMont Johnson movie hello customers hero he called via this. Actor turned it's great. Bush and mrs. bush is pure asked me if I'm wrong. Do little experiment. See it you know and just engage in this thing I didn't feel like do. That may be would be the final nail in the acting cough and you know to me. And it was really incredible experience from rehearsed for eight weeks. And shot the movie just do he's long Dayton's working with all these master. Actors. And I learned anything from one of the main thing is that they are just as anxious and fearful as you know that a budget especially great material you have the better the material he had huge orange and yet you do what you wanna do it justice you. And they were just as concerned as was among the reasons that I. Was not thinking about acting so much is the the anxiety. Issues. You know that flops flip in my going to be able hold off. And deceit that these old guys have this in this they have never goes away. It is you know you make friends with that it. I wanted to ask you before we end because I'd like your career is still mean I could go you know fabulous baker boys I have a special. Feeling her. But aren't there like two or three movies that you did that you felt never got seen that never got the Sheikh is now people can see anything. Yeah there's war use calls. The moguls. World so Hochul and you're kidding you saw that that's so great isn't everything Lori isn't that a funny movie it's great. Here might trigger wrote and directed and we have a distributor that turned out to be cruel or commitment it would never got the proper just can't believe it happens at college. So the amateurs. Oh got that question whatever it took one that I thought you leave me lap that was. Pretty funny and some great performances. But you few people's it was. The super cute would use. Use me as having had a screen yeah and we did it we showed everybody loved that. So it's just that low I want the door in the war. The door on the floor yeah who advocates of distributed. Now believe in thing about maybe doing sequel to that news this is this fake news. No okay this sequel to the Horizon League Edgerton says that guns. It is it's in an Internet hype I don't even if you want that look anywhere other movies. I think that the pub just the moguls comes to mind because. That was a new you don't aren't an it was a happy. That we had a great time. All right we always end happy. Always and saw. And I have a heart for you. You can't leave it open can't keep. The last time try to walk out with the project. Not expected to argue that it's like when the Greek. Occurred gentlemen. Who. The and that's when it yet. So. So well at somebody and you have to preclude you. Because yeah. Eight Arkansas. I could distribute them only. Moved. User. You know. You know. I've been moved back. I'm home. I'm gonna. Out of proving my work don't know we'll van booted around you can name alone. All we do do. Rule. I think I don't know. How do so for me. All. Are. I'm rooting. No wonder you would in the the proceeds. God that you just added New Orleans today and still there Hitler yet. I can't think always a pleasure it you know be all right your Oscar speech and oh yeah. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: Jeff Bridges 'The Dude' Fights Childhood Hunger Now Playing: Mary Tyler Moore's Rise to Becoming America's Sweetheart Now Playing: Talking With Melissa Errico at BroadwayCon Now Playing: Omarosa Manigault on Voter Fraud, Women's March and More Now Playing: Omarosa Manigault on Her Role in the White House, 'Engagement' With Black Community Now Playing: Steve Bannon Says Media Should 'Keep Its Mouth Shut' Now Playing: Gretchen Carlson Discusses Empowering Women Now Playing: Classics With a Twist at Walt Disney World's California Grill Now Playing: Matthew McConaughey Says His Mom Wants to Star in Movies With Him Now Playing: Rescue Dog in Need of Forever Home Now Playing: Taylor Swift, Zayn Malik Release Video for 'I Don't Wanna Live Forever' Now Playing: Ricky Gervais Talks Netflix Movie and a Rescue Dog Now Playing: Train Performs 'Drink Up' Live in Times Square Now Playing: Train Performs 'Play That Song' Live on 'GMA' Now Playing: The Latest in Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's Custody Case Now Playing: Oprah Announces Food Line with Kraft Heinz Now Playing: Venus, Serena Williams to Face Off in Australian Open Final Now Playing: Viral Video of Father and Daughter Duet From Seattle Now Playing: Carrie Fisher Wanted Harrison Ford to Sing During Her Oscars Tribute Now Playing: Oscar Nominee Denzel Washington on Casting and Directing 'Fences' Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":44859611,"title":"Jeff Bridges Talks 'Hell or High Water' and the One Constant in His 70 Films","duration":"22:38","description":"Bridges appears on \"Popcorn With Peter Travers\" to talk his role as a Texas Ranger in the film \"Hell or High Water.\"","url":"/Entertainment/video/jeff-bridges-talks-hell-high-water-constant-70-44859611","section":"Entertainment","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 6:02 P.M. ET Updated Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Industries Retail/Wholesale Trump bump evaporates for Target and other retail stocks By Tomi Kilgore Published: Jan 19, 2017 6:57 a.m. ET Share Target’s stock joins Wal-Mart, J.C. Penney and Kohl’s in reversing an initial surge after the election Getty Images By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor Shares of Target Corp. tumbled Wednesday to wipe out all of their postelection gains, as the reality of disappointing holiday sales and a slashed profit outlook trumped hopes for corporate tax cuts and an acceleration in economic growth. Target’s woes pressured the shares of some other discount retailers, which also slumped to the lowest levels seen since before President-elect Donald Trump’s surprise election win. Target’s stock TGT, -0.73%  slid 5.8% to $66.85 Wednesday, its lowest close since Nov. 4. Despite a 40% surge in e-commerce sales, Target said disappointing traffic and sales trends during the holiday period forced the company to cut its fiscal fourth-quarter profit and same-store sales guidance. Target’s stock had rocketed in the weeks immediately after the election, to a 6 ½-month closing high of $78.61 on Nov. 25, amid optimism over Trump’s policy promises to cut corporate taxes to as low as 15%, and to boost economic growth via fiscal stimulus measures. Trump’s tough talk on trade also benefited U.S.-based companies like Target, which took in 100% of its revenue from within the U.S. Since then, however, the stock has plunged 15%, to trade 0.4% below its Nov. 8 close of $57.05. Many retailer stocks took a dive late last month, amid concerns that Trump’s plan for border tax adjustments included a tariff on imports, which could penalize retailers with international sourcing. “The noticeable theme here is that companies with international sourcing get heavily penalized for the border adjustment and can result in a tax liability greater than [Generally Accepted Accounting Principles] taxable income...,” Christopher Horvers, analyst at J.P. Morgan, wrote in a research note last month. Here's what Trump means for the tech industry(1:34) The incoming Trump administration has given Silicon Valley a headache, mainly due to potential plans to penalize companies that manufacture goods in China. But not all of Trump's proposed policies may have a harmful effect on the tech sector. Shares of some similar discount broadline retailers have also seen their Trump-driven gains washed away by the constant flow of disappointing holiday sales reports. Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s stock WMT, -1.60%  had gained 2.9% in the six weeks after the election, but has shed 5.2% since Dec. 20 to $68.11 through Wednesday, which was 2.4% below the Nov. 8 close of $69.79. This comes after Wal-Mart said Tuesday that it would create 10,000 jobs in the U.S. this year, one week after The Wall Street Journal reported the retailer was preparing to cut hundreds of jobs by the end of January. J.C. Penney’s Co. Inc.’s stock JCP, -4.73%  dropped 1.9% Wednesday, after Credit Suisse downgraded the department store chain. The stock had soared 30% in the month after the election to a Dec. 8 close of $10.56, but has plummeted since then to trade 16% below its Nov. 8 closing price. Shares of Kohl’s Corp. KSS, -3.11% which were also downgraded at Credit Suisse on Wednesday, has now lost 6.3% since the election, reversing a postelection gain of as much as 35% as of Dec. 8. Although the broader retail sector is still holding above postelection levels, with the SPDR S&P Retail exchange-traded fund XRT, -1.34%  was still up 6.3% since Nov. 8, sell-side analysts have slashing earnings expectations. In comparison, the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.09%  has tacked on 6.2% since the election. Through Tuesday, fourth-quarter earnings for the S&P 500’s consumer discretionary sector XLY, -0.32%  were expected to decline 0.3% from a year ago, according to FactSet, compared with expectations for 2.9% growth as of Nov. 4. More from MarketWatch A Real-Life Alexa Lives With 'Alexa' Trump on Mexico, Meeting Would Be 'Fruitless' Trump Orders Wall at Mexican Border Quote References TGT -0.47 -0.73% WMT -1.07 -1.60% JCP -0.32 -4.73% KSS -1.25 -3.11% XRT -0.58 -1.34% SPX -1.99 -0.09% XLY -0.27 -0.32% Show all references Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $63.70 -0.47 (-0.73%) Volume 7.4M Open $64.55 High $64.77 Low $62.94 P/E Ratio 11.4 Div Yield 3.77 Market Cap 36.0B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $65.66 -1.07 (-1.60%) Volume 13.2M Open $66.86 High $66.97 Low $65.28 P/E Ratio 14.27 Div Yield 3.05 Market Cap 205.1B J.C. Penney Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: JCP $6.45 -0.32 (-4.73%) Volume 25.4M Open $6.78 High $6.84 Low $6.38 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.1B Kohl's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: KSS $39.00 -1.25 (-3.11%) Volume 5.0M Open $40.43 High $40.52 Low $38.48 P/E Ratio 11.95 Div Yield 5.13 Market Cap 7.1B SPDR S&P Retail ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XRT $42.69 -0.58 (-1.34%) Volume 10.1M Open $43.38 High $43.40 Low $42.60 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.4 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,294.69 -1.99 (-0.09%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,299 High 2,299 Low 2,292 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLY $85.06 -0.27 (-0.32%) Volume 4.5M Open $85.39 High $85.50 Low $84.75 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.31 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Polk County Itemizer-Observer Jump to content News Special sections Coupons Biz Directory Facebook Twitter Instagram Sign in Home News Agriculture Briefs Business Education Environment Government Local Police & Fire Local Links Legal ads Who's in jail? Sports High School Recreation Youth College Schedules Opinion Letters to the Editor Guest Commentary Editorial Living Community Entertainment People Births Engagements Weddings Obituaries Obituaries Death Notices Events Calendars Media Photos Galleries Videos Classifieds Search ads Place ad Coupons Special Sections Contact Us Local coupons Contact info Subscribe Staff Listing News Tips Letter to the Editor Obituary Wedding Birth Engagement Anniversary Business news Upvote 0 Dallas Officers Cleared By Grand Jury A grand jury found Dallas officers' use of deadly force was justified in the Dec. 16 shooting in the Dallas Walmart parking lot. Photo by Lukas Eggen. By Jolene Guzman As of Tuesday, January 17, 2017 Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter DALLAS — Two Dallas officers involved in the Dec. 16, 2016, shooting in Dallas that killed Jeremiah N. Anderson will not face charges. Friday, a Polk County grand jury cleared Sgt. Rob Hatchell and Officer Michael Fleming in the incident, said a press release from the Polk County District Attorney’s Office. The finding was unanimous. According to the DA’s report, the grand jury found that Hatchell and Fleming’s use of deadly force was lawful and justified because: • The use of physical force was necessary to defend the police officer or another person from the use or threatened imminent use of deadly physical force; and • The officer’s life or personal safety was endangered in the particular circumstance involved. On Dec. 16 at 5:18 p.m., a 911 caller reported a suspicious vehicle in the Dallas Walmart parking lot, 321 NE Kings Valley Highway. The caller described the vehicle as a green F-150 pickup truck and said the driver of the truck, appeared to be intoxicated and was flailing around in the driver’s seat. Dallas officers Aaron Mollahan, Fleming and Hatchell were dispatched to investigate the call. They contacted the driver of the pickup, identified as Jeremiah Nels Anderson, 36. According to the DA’s office, Anderson confirmed to the officers that he had driven himself to the Walmart in the pickup truck. Mollahan developed probable cause to believe Anderson was impaired by a controlled substance, based on “poor performance on several field sobriety tests as well as his confused demeanor and speech,” the DA’s office said. Anderson refused the officers’ requests for consent to pat him down for weapons. The officers determined they had probable cause to arrest Anderson on driving under the influence of intoxicants and asked him to place his hands behind his back to be cuffed. At that point, Anderson actively began resisting arrest and trying to break free from physical restraint. Anderson was told repeatedly to stop resisting, but he continued to struggle with the officers, the release said. The officers restrained Anderson face down, but were unable to get his arms out from under him. At this point, Anderson told officers he would shoot, and produced a .45-caliber pistol from a shoulder holster. He fired at least two bullets, hitting Hatchell in the leg, according to reports from the DA’s office. Hatchell returned fire at close range, striking Anderson in the lower extremities, the report stated. Anderson continued to struggle. Fleming fired one shot, striking Anderson in the head, according to the DA’s office. Anderson died at the scene. Hatchell suffered extensive injuries to his leg and back, the DA’s report stated. A subsequent search of Anderson’s home located both methamphetamine and .45-caliber ammunition consistent with the gun he used to shoot Hatchell, according to reports from the DA’s office. All three officers will remain on paid administrative leave pending an internal Dallas Police Department review of the shooting, said Lt. Jerry Mott. “This is to determine if policy governing their response with force was followed,” Mott said. “I am hoping to complete the review this week and make a determination and recommendation to Chief (Tom) Simpson based on the available facts.” Mott said he isn’t sure when Hatchell will be able to return. “Sgt. Hatchell's injuries were significant,” Mott said. “He was shot in the upper and lower left leg. He is working to recover from his injuries. The Oregon State Police conducted the investigation. The Polk County District Attorney’s Office presented the evidence to the grand jury. The grand jury heard testimony from the three involved Dallas officers. Also testifying were detectives and troopers from OSP and five citizen witnesses. The grand jury also reviewed a scene diagram, a report of the Oregon State Medical Examiner’s Office, as well as dash camera and body camera video. More like this story Polk grand jury clears officers in December shooting in Dallas Dallas Police Officer injured, suspect dead after shooting Officer injured, man killed in shooting Looking back at what headlines mattered most to you in 2016 Deputy cleared in shooting Commenting has been disabled for this item. Hot Jobs View all listings FOSTER Care Providers Needed ﻿ Subscribe to our email newsletter to get info on local events and upcoming stories * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Mobile version Tablet version Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Polk County Itemizer-Observer, Inc. All rights reserved. Covering Dallas, Monmouth, Independence, Falls City and surrounding areas since 1868
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look at The Capital Building in Washington D.C RADAR: Storms Move East Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Live Look at the Surf From Ocean Beach in California Beluga Whale Tank at the Georgia Aquarium Kittens Play on the ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Bald Eagle Tends to Her Chick in Fort Myers, Fla. Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Jeff Bridges Talks 'Hell or High Water' and the One Constant in His 70 Films More Bridges appears on "Popcorn With Peter Travers" to talk his role as a Texas Ranger in the film "Hell or High Water." 22:38 | 01/18/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Jeff Bridges Talks 'Hell or High Water' and the One Constant in His 70 Films They have video. Same billowing around. And Wal-Mart sells sort of electronic equipment. Or get your hands off. Well you Gore's. Liberation. Just you can do drawers take him homeowners'. Money entry did. I can't arrange shipment. It's scripted burns director. Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers in this is popcorn we we tell you what's happening at the movies and the movie I've been eleven per month now called hell. I wore and it stars my buddy here Jeff Bridges. It is ended at one well now I just think this is one this movie sneak up on people. And they see it and tell other people and thank you guys you know war. And Jeff Bridges as Gooden who know new. With would that happen he feel good about that. I do I'm really pleased with the film you know great group great you know it last year and great director David McKenzie. Wonderful cast you know Hannibal make him well believe Kim I'm just terrific. We'll talk a little about this Texas ranger guy and you're like. I love that his little teasing we. Which is not how like key aspect and flicked down. Will we were all very fortunate to have walking that Jackson on this it's. He he's no longer with us passed away last year but you're very real Texas ranger. And he of course told us you how to Wear all the gear and you know Heidi behavior. But he was on this. And just being his presence you kind of get get something. You'd think. You know a guy who's. He had his life that you kind of have this you should know but he cast we do you know. Very loving. So he was he was a wonderful. Source for me and then also. As far as the you know the heating. Aspect of my care yet. I. I called my grandfather. Red Simpson. Who's from Liverpool. And he has really had agreed. From him you have big draw a lot of humor you know he would tease us terrible. And brother blow. He he inherited the teasing gene. I remember what you tell you know he he he are pleased me just terrible. And my mother would those Jeff that just because he loves his. And I could understand they go yeah that's a way of you know displaying intimacy I know you so well the conclusion that and Erica understood that from. Refusing. So that was something I could. But the guy is just as I mean they can actors just so richly drawn as a guy who would be just wading. In the chair for the next robbery here hoping he picked the right bank he. Last who themselves as actors don't have to face the bases retirement you know we could. You Texas Rangers again. Pulled the plug on certain page yet human. Did you see this as a political movement when did we just think that rarely if the banks I mean banks have really violence here. Yeah they or. What were the things that appealed to me about the script was ambiguity. Because. Did not write this tube than is right for the banks to you'll lend money to peacefully. Know damn well it can't. Sitting back and then again there's. That's so that such an. It's. I'm the reason partly they had from the pocket can read write I mean you should re likely to hear that has to do with your question. A a is that I've prepared is I have never seen an increase their pockets shows is that this is if you're off your. Oh yeah. I don't know my. Uses. Souls and its quote from him this was something. They moved. If only it were so simple. If only there were evil people's somewhere insidious leak committee evil deeds and that were necessary only to separate them from the rest of us and destroy. But the line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being. And who was willing to destroy it piece of news. Yes you know so this them. This judgment right and wrong when so often because it that we all have human beings both. Did you discuss this with the actor Hugh working with with Chris pine and Ben Foster when you or your. Sitting down or. On the surface and what's going on and unique is that something talk about as actors. You rehearse. We rehearse it was certainly. We talk about a little bit. You know but net. Net focused on that and that and that's what we wanted to convey in this news you know Lou. The lives of the characters of use and talk to them. David McKenzie director of personal fortune. We do receive stories I'll Yan was no great movie really good for nothing in just it's so moving but. That's what this Mitt best kind of thing is so important to me in terms of being somebody who watches movies. It's the kind of movie that doesn't have it didn't cost Britain fifty million dollar may. And that kind of movies kind of fallen through the crap. Yet but it's Colin bath tub Condoleezza. Rice. Yeah it at this point your life what you have seven Oscar nominee. I don't know I think I'm the neither carrier go with being right. Could and you have that Oscar sit man. Where's it's it is fitting that Hugo. In my secretaries. Secretary's office differences. Right. And seek policy. Thank you did you visitation rights. Do you know I bring in up because. You have one of what I think is an enviable career you know you've done everything played. Anything that you wanted to you didn't seem to be managed by some but he get you can't do you hear me. The thing about the Oscar nominations that gets me that is among those seven days if there's not one for the big. You didn't good nominee for the movie premieres that a good movie did great. But those jet dude. You know whatever but he says they are the Oscars though he's right I would say it's it was not the if I think the relevant coordinator didn't have there are there are mass is meant that make it look so easy. It's like give those guys in the ward you know they to spill the laws from you know. But it's a pot so it's just so great watching that movie each scene leads to another great it doesn't you know you can make a movie like that but this movie lives you know we have we live in a world where everybody as short attention span. On to the next and the next thing in the next thing but that lives you know the dude does a box. We you know about the festival's if you wait till one I had my beetle moment there you know play with my bare and the byters do you byters of course but you know we're back ladies and gentlemen good it. And the play into his seat. Do's and bowling you're pretty dresses up some. Some guys are olympians. Flawed. So one guy think he won the award this year it was the little drawings that Jackie re free horn draws all right. As. The dude reacted the aged from. It might call a mom needs him. Let's. Let's do some benefits for. These colleges or apply you know so you take care work people. I think I'm I'm hoping. It was very exciting times. That's a one more port humorous side he's not six you know we don't want. I think the thing that I Monaco myself you'll against cervical. You you know one. Just you know rollover. Enabled us you know it you know I'm trying to get them do to inspire what are the things that impressed me about trump. The use. He's very you know. Changeable whose. You know if you open a probably less kind word would be hypocrite. But that's something that all of those human beings deal with our own articulate with hypocrisy and you know. We're. In that we don't know world. Everything you know we are mines can change I'm hoping that he keeps that going and that we can fueled boom you listen to the people. Was to make America great again. I think remain in America I think I'm for making the world grade. Americas a part of that. And I want to do that I care and two seen that happens on you know. I'm bulletin what do you and I I just had an image of the dude you know basically dealing with the wall that's going to be built idea that tell him you know meets these just. The only way it in the he's going to these there's all that's that you can. Tell the continent. But when do you do you spend time looking at your own work. You know when do you watch the movies at home do you stay. Let's take a look at what's your first Oscar nomination is the less its future. What were you eleven like toys yet there that was it. It's still a great. That would stands alone atlases can sit there by itself is nothing really like it or it's like you just isn't. Black and white Gloria to doing what groups and rock shock and away went humor. Memory about the first thing that comes to you think that. Well. What are the first I guess the first because you know you're talking about hell or high water is a felony Lloyd catlett. And he was sixteen year old kid is an archer city by the way the first bank that the guys rob and Heller. We are listed isn't all had been a little. Did it anyway. Lloyd was hired physicist who came to play a part in the movie and he also. Was hired to teach us California kids how to beat Texas here is. And we have now dumps over seventy films together he's been my stand for seventy fields was through line through. Oracle. These so he knows everything and so yeah the united hadn't like morally we can tell you guys are meddling in. He could remember things like in but there had met through metal through all those moves is one and whenever play god like. Mark Moseley in hell or high water. Words my mind my touchstone is Texas mis you know that western. Woman. How did that though that nomination. Change your life. When your day via 20/20. One whatever you want when you're making that movie did it mean because you grew up with that you we've talked to when you've been here before Baghdad and your mom and you know I remember you when you were on his show right Steve Torre. Somewhere it said when you were two years old you were in in the. No but six months six months it's still your career really spans it runs that. Did you demand final cut six you know what would you call. It was called the company she keeps wrong and it was. With a Jane Greer wonderful actors my parents who visited this. And they needed a baby in my mom's that you can take my kid him. It was a rather happy baby. And the baby in the movies was the core. My mom's just couldn't. It's been different. That we cut may be. You know 35 years later I mean a movie. With Jane Greer. And against laud you can view regional out of the past wonderful moment movement in the remake. And she's playing. The mother and in the remake and we have received together message I'm having some trouble the mode and so little right here. If you look at these period and it worked in the world war vet. I think then you did on the ball like but with that companies would write another nominee. Yeah happens and you did that with Michael should mean and yeah. Now it's Mike whose movie you just lost him. And just before you got here is about who was here. Our reminiscent of the world did told me stories about I wouldn't and I had no idea when eighty. In most movies take a couple of months this program the dual. It's like why and when you do when you're making a movie like that with somebody to Maine and him becomes and people think it's the worst thing I've ever seen. What have you. Hollywood you know it's harder it really hurts right in two years in your heart. All of that effort. It creativity that went into film. And have it you dusted like that lets you know the very. I'm very happy about its how it's received these days at a very different classic. But in that time. It was kind of Roman MTV was coming fast cutting them thing and this movie. Who leisurely pace you had to really enjoy that movie you've got to give to the directors. Please. But. While really it was a great. Window into those times. The you have so many things going on in your head that you did your an actor you're musician in. It was kind of interesting that you won an Oscar for creating art because it brought that other Alan. Like the use the colts since. You know who you walk the and so I'm sorry that my parents were around you know. When Oscar. Can. Because. You know I remember early on in my career. My dad was so good hope would be it to be an actor. Like music and Jeff don't be ridiculous is that you're you're gonna have opportunities. To bid musicians was so wonderful. These factors you get you know. Participate in all your interest like. Listen real news. May do you make that decision for yourself with it at a particular movie you were making it said. You know Latin. And yeah. It was just finished making a movie and kind of exhausted. You know and at that time I was me that your balloon to keep doing I admit it may be twelve movies. You know been nominated all that was in the past but I still was thinking maybe I will do so most of the rest of my life you know. And got a call from my agents and got great news John Frankenheimer one should be in the eyes and come. With for a group marched we Maher Robert Wise. I was like the American film you'll we're I think he's going to play before our apply. And I didn't kind of bush things just. And about a minute later the director just worked with LaMont Johnson movie hello customers hero he called via this. Actor turned it's great. Bush and mrs. bush is pure asked me if I'm wrong. Do little experiment. See it you know and just engage in this thing I didn't feel like do. That may be would be the final nail in the acting cough and you know to me. And it was really incredible experience from rehearsed for eight weeks. And shot the movie just do he's long Dayton's working with all these master. Actors. And I learned anything from one of the main thing is that they are just as anxious and fearful as you know that a budget especially great material you have the better the material he had huge orange and yet you do what you wanna do it justice you. And they were just as concerned as was among the reasons that I. Was not thinking about acting so much is the the anxiety. Issues. You know that flops flip in my going to be able hold off. And deceit that these old guys have this in this they have never goes away. It is you know you make friends with that it. I wanted to ask you before we end because I'd like your career is still mean I could go you know fabulous baker boys I have a special. Feeling her. But aren't there like two or three movies that you did that you felt never got seen that never got the Sheikh is now people can see anything. Yeah there's war use calls. The moguls. World so Hochul and you're kidding you saw that that's so great isn't everything Lori isn't that a funny movie it's great. Here might trigger wrote and directed and we have a distributor that turned out to be cruel or commitment it would never got the proper just can't believe it happens at college. So the amateurs. Oh got that question whatever it took one that I thought you leave me lap that was. Pretty funny and some great performances. But you few people's it was. The super cute would use. Use me as having had a screen yeah and we did it we showed everybody loved that. So it's just that low I want the door in the war. The door on the floor yeah who advocates of distributed. Now believe in thing about maybe doing sequel to that news this is this fake news. No okay this sequel to the Horizon League Edgerton says that guns. It is it's in an Internet hype I don't even if you want that look anywhere other movies. I think that the pub just the moguls comes to mind because. That was a new you don't aren't an it was a happy. That we had a great time. All right we always end happy. Always and saw. And I have a heart for you. You can't leave it open can't keep. The last time try to walk out with the project. Not expected to argue that it's like when the Greek. Occurred gentlemen. Who. The and that's when it yet. So. So well at somebody and you have to preclude you. Because yeah. Eight Arkansas. I could distribute them only. Moved. User. You know. You know. I've been moved back. I'm home. I'm gonna. Out of proving my work don't know we'll van booted around you can name alone. All we do do. Rule. I think I don't know. How do so for me. All. Are. I'm rooting. No wonder you would in the the proceeds. God that you just added New Orleans today and still there Hitler yet. I can't think always a pleasure it you know be all right your Oscar speech and oh yeah. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: Jeff Bridges 'The Dude' Fights Childhood Hunger Now Playing: Mary Tyler Moore's Rise to Becoming America's Sweetheart Now Playing: Talking With Melissa Errico at BroadwayCon Now Playing: Omarosa Manigault on Voter Fraud, Women's March and More Now Playing: Omarosa Manigault on Her Role in the White House, 'Engagement' With Black Community Now Playing: Steve Bannon Says Media Should 'Keep Its Mouth Shut' Now Playing: Gretchen Carlson Discusses Empowering Women Now Playing: Classics With a Twist at Walt Disney World's California Grill Now Playing: Matthew McConaughey Says His Mom Wants to Star in Movies With Him Now Playing: Rescue Dog in Need of Forever Home Now Playing: Taylor Swift, Zayn Malik Release Video for 'I Don't Wanna Live Forever' Now Playing: Ricky Gervais Talks Netflix Movie and a Rescue Dog Now Playing: Train Performs 'Drink Up' Live in Times Square Now Playing: Train Performs 'Play That Song' Live on 'GMA' Now Playing: The Latest in Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's Custody Case Now Playing: Oprah Announces Food Line with Kraft Heinz Now Playing: Venus, Serena Williams to Face Off in Australian Open Final Now Playing: Viral Video of Father and Daughter Duet From Seattle Now Playing: Carrie Fisher Wanted Harrison Ford to Sing During Her Oscars Tribute Now Playing: Oscar Nominee Denzel Washington on Casting and Directing 'Fences' Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":44859611,"title":"Jeff Bridges Talks 'Hell or High Water' and the One Constant in His 70 Films","duration":"22:38","description":"Bridges appears on \"Popcorn With Peter Travers\" to talk his role as a Texas Ranger in the film \"Hell or High Water.\"","url":"/Entertainment/video/jeff-bridges-talks-hell-high-water-constant-70-44859611","section":"Entertainment","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
Salon Home Video video President Trump owes workers who built his hotel $2 million, lawsuit alleges Matthew Rozsa President Trump’s United Nations, European Union ambassadors send early message, shock waves Matthew Rozsa Kellyanne Conway says President Trump may be removing sanctions on Russia Matthew Rozsa News news “The oppression party”: A week into the job, Trump antagonizes the media Adam Geller ACLU vows “eternal vigilance,” gears up for a long battle against President Donald Trump Matthew Rozsa President Trump owes workers who built his hotel $2 million, lawsuit alleges Matthew Rozsa Politics politics 2016 Elections Slave driver and ethnic cleanser, but populist? Most vicious president in U.S. history is Trump’s new role model Steven Rosenfeld ACLU vows “eternal vigilance,” gears up for a long battle against President Donald Trump Matthew Rozsa Trump’s “Curveball” moment: His “voter fraud” investigation is apparently based on one unsubstantiated tweet Simon Maloy Entertainment entertainment Books Movies Music TV Midseason surprise: True to form, “Scandal” does the opposite of what we expect Melanie McFarland Matthew McConaughey in Stephen Gaghan’s adventure film “Gold” delivers a bewildering yawn Gary Kramer “The oppression party”: A week into the job, Trump antagonizes the media Adam Geller Life life Life Stories Love & Sex Parenting Antibiotic resistance on the rise: Superbug infections found in Chinese hospitals Maria Cheng Not exactly bedtime stories: My father, the Holocaust and a moment of bravery he’ll never forget Amy Yelin “The oppression party”: A week into the job, Trump antagonizes the media Adam Geller Business business Wall Street Finance Labor To smoke or not to smoke: Will President Trump crack down on legal pot at the state level? Salon Staff President Trump owes workers who built his hotel $2 million, lawsuit alleges Matthew Rozsa US economic growth slowed in Q4, but there’s hope ahead Martin Crutsinger Innovation innovation Scientists take first steps to growing human organs in pigs Malcolm Ritter Sea change: As desalination technology advances, oceans may hold the answer to the world’s water crisis Diane Stopyra Free market for drugs? It won’t work, but here’s what might Marcelle Arak and Sheila Tschinkel Log out Sign in Wednesday, Jan 18, 2017 6:45 PM UTC With job announcements, firms appear to seek Trump approval Josh Boak, Associated Press Skip to Comments Topics: From the Wires, News FILE - In this Sept. 19, 2013, file photo, customers walk outside of a Wal-Mart store in San Jose, Calif. From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world’s largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump’s demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File)(Credit: AP) WASHINGTON (AP) — From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world’s largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump’s demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. Trump, in response, has taken to Twitter to signal his approval. “Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!” he tweeted Tuesday afternoon. Yet it’s unclear just how many jobs are actually being saved or created as a result of Trump’s push or whether his administration will hold companies accountable for their pledges. In a solid job market with just 4.7 percent unemployment, hundreds of thousands of U.S. jobs are added all the time for a broad range of reasons. Trump has boasted that he deserves the credit based on what chief executives have told him, despite evidence to the contrary provided by those same companies. “Ask top CEO’s of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!” the president-elect declared on Twitter on Wednesday. GM announced Tuesday that it was creating or keeping 7,000 jobs, while Wal-Mart said it planned to hire 10,000 and support an additional 24,000 construction jobs with store openings and expansions. Those announcements followed Amazon’s commitment to add 100,000 workers through mid-2018 and a bold claim by the Chinese online retailer Alibaba that it would create 1 million U.S. jobs over the next five years. That extravagant pledge would make Alibaba alone responsible for over 10 percent of all jobs added each year — an unheard-of feat in the modern economy. Many economists say the hiring being celebrated by Trump reflects, more than anything, the health of the $18.7 trillion economy he is inheriting. “Between the election and today, unless you work on Capitol Hill in D.C., nothing fundamental has changed in the U.S. labor market,” said Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at the jobs site Glassdoor. To these economists, the latest high-profile hiring announcements suggest that companies are capitalizing on the politically charged climate. Trump has berated companies such as Nabisco for shuttering domestic plants in order to open factories in Mexico, while celebrating companies that publicly commit to hiring in the United States. What’s more, nearly every major U.S. employer has tax and regulatory issues before the government. To that end, a sympathetic ear in the White House could be helpful. The heads of German chemical company Bayer and seed-and-herbicide-maker Monsanto met with Trump last week to pitch the benefits of a planned-for merger of the two companies that requires antitrust clearance. And Trump proudly tweeted reports Wednesday that Bayer would add U.S. jobs. By announcing new jobs, companies can use any existing hiring plans to ingratiate themselves with Trump by hitching their plans to his economic agenda, noted Patrick O’Keefe, director of economic research at the consultancy and accountant CohnReznick. “There is a degree of opportunism — in a positive way,” O’Keefe said. GM plans to invest $1 billion in its U.S. factories and to create or keep 2,000 manufacturing jobs as well as 5,000 positions in auto financing and engineering — moves the company had said were being planned well before the election. Trump had drawn attention to GM this month by threatening on Twitter to tax the automaker for selling Mexican-built cars in the United States. That set up GM’s jobs announcement as a coup for Trump, even though the investment was already in the works. A GM spokesman said it was “good timing for us to share what we are doing.” Wal-Mart’s hiring similarly seems somewhat independent of Trump. The jobs stem largely from plans to open and remodel stores— work that would not be outsourced overseas. Wal-Mart is the nation’s largest private employer, with 1.5 million workers in the United States, and its hiring rate this year will be similar to prior years, said Lorenzo Lopez, a company spokesman. These announcements follow hiring plans announced by Ford and Fiat Chrysler, among others. The auto executives were willing to let Trump promote their hiring plans, even though their decisions involved other market forces, including increased demand for SUVs as gasoline prices have dropped. Hyundai said Tuesday that it plans to invest $3.1 billion by 2021 on research and development at its factories in Alabama and Georgia. Chung Jin Haeng, chief executive of the South Korean automaker, said the decision had little to do with Trump. “The U.S. market is strategically important,” he said. At the same time, Trump has also talked with companies about cutting their costs — a move that often involves slashing jobs. He met Tuesday, for example, with the CEO of Boeing, a company he had criticized in December over Twitter for the “out of control” price of two new planes for the Air Force One fleet. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said he chatted with Trump about how to lower the costs for the presidential planes as well as fighter aircraft. “I think Mr. Trump is doing a great job with engaging the business,” Muilenburg said afterward. “We’re all on the same page here.” Not all the job announcements will necessarily come to fruition. Alibaba has said it expects to add a million U.S. companies to its online retail platform in the next five years. It asserted that sales to Chinese consumers would lead each of those companies to add, on average, one job each. This would translate into an astounding 250,000 a jobs a year in an economy in which every employer, combined, added 2.2 million jobs in 2016. “It’s not rocket-science math,” said company spokesman Brion Tingler, who nevertheless cautioned that the 1 million jobs being publicized were an “aspiration.” Other than his social media megaphone, Trump doesn’t appear to have the means to hold companies accountable for their jobs pledges. His transition team didn’t respond to questions about how it planned to ensure that CEOs’ promises to create U.S. jobs were fulfilled. __ AP Business Writers Tom Krisher in Detroit, Anne D’Innocenzio in New York and Youkyung Lee in Seoul contributed to this report. More Josh Boak. Comments Loading Comments... Powered by Livefyre brought to you by Most Watched Oscar snubs: Meryl Streep robs another great actor, and other injustices from 2017 nominations Gary Kramer The Twitter rebellion: Badlands National Park is the latest national park to defy President Trump Taylor Link Don't look now: It's President Pence! Donald Trump can be deposed, even without impeachment Heather Digby Parton and Video produced by Kevin Carlin About | Advertising | Contact | Corrections | Help | Investor Relations | Privacy | Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Salon Media Group, Inc. Reproduction of material from any Salon pages without written permission is strictly prohibited. SALON ® is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as a trademark of Salon Media Group Inc. Associated Press articles: Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1927 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
GoSearch 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 40° Low 28° High 51° Fayetteville 36° Low 26° High 44° Bentonville 36° Low 27° High 45° See complete forecast Third Eye Blind Coming To AMP Posted 11:32 am, January 18, 2017, by Shawnya Meyers Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Third Eye Blind Coming To AMP BENTONVILLE (KFSM) — The Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion announced that Third Eye Blind will be performing this summer. Third Eye Blind and Silversun Pickups will be performing on July 12, starting at 7 p.m. Doors will open at 6 p.m. For the 20th anniversary of their debut album, Third Eye Blind will be performing the album in its entirety, as well as tracks off their latest album, We Are Drugs. Tickets for the performance will go on sale on Thursday, Jan. 26 online, or they can be purchased by calling 479-443-5600 or stopping by the Walton Arts Center Box Office. Individual tickets for the July performance will start at $30.95. A four-pack of lawn tickets will be available for $90, or just $22.50 each. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule Burger King Employees Accused Of Selling Marijuana To Customers Ordering ‘Fries Extra Crispy’ Deputies: Crawford County Couple Arrested In Child Abuse Investigation Fort Smith Man Contestant On Wheel Of Fortune Episode Motorcyclist Dies In Crawford County Collision Latest News 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule John Hurt Dies: Legendary ‘Harry Potter’ Actor Was 77 Tyson Donates 70,000 Pounds Of Protein To Aid Tornado Recovery In Georgia, Mississippi Promotion For Local Firefighter Celebrated Near Firefighter Recognition Day Vian Hires First Ever Paid Female Police Officer News Train Performing At Walmart AMP In May News Fayetteville Roots Festival Releases Lineup News U.S. Marshals Museum Hosting ‘An Evening With George Washington’ News Two Police Officers Killed In Palm Springs, California, One Wounded News U.S. Economy Grew Strong 3.5 Percent In Third Quarter News Man Misses Flight So Kenny Lofton Can Get To Cleveland To Throw World Series First Pitch News Benefit Concert Planned For Girls Shelter Of Fort Smith News Two Teen Girls Arrested After 62-Year-Old Man Attacked In Facebook Video News Expanded Walton Arts Center Holds Ticket Lottery For The Book Of Mormon News Taste Of Fort Smith Kicks Off Tuesday To Benefit Local Charities News Who Won The Third Presidential Debate? News U Of A Students Heading Home For Break Can Donate Unused Basketball Tickets News What You Need To Know: Luke Bryan Concert In Prairie Grove Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart Employee Stops Elderly Couple From Losing $2,500 To “Grandparents Scam” Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Walmart Employee Stops Elderly Couple From Losing $2,500 To “Grandparents Scam” Image courtesy of Mike Mozart January 18, 2017 11:44 am EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler preventing the scam walmart alert employees scam grandparents scam prepaid prepaid gift cards gift cards An elderly Illinois couple still has $2,500 in the bank thanks to an alert Walmart employee who thought something was amiss when the shoppers tried to transfer the funds to prepaid gift cards. The Daily News Online reports that Attica police applauded the employee for his work in preventing the couple from falling victim to a weeks-long family emergency scam, more commonly referred to as the “grandparents scam.” The employee became suspicious when the couple came into the store to purchase $2,500 in prepaid gift cards to send to a relative, Attica Chief of Police Dean Hendershott said. Police say the couple were the targets of an ongoing scam targeting elderly residents, including one couple who lost $4,000 several weeks earlier. Like most reiterations of the grandparents scam, the schemer calls the victim, posing as a grandchild or loved one who has been in an accident or was arrested in some far-off land. After providing relevant information, the caller then asks the recipient to purchase gift cards. After buying the gift cards, the targets are instructed to call the number back and read off the gift cards’ numbers and security codes. However, when the latest targets visited the store, the “very alert and concerned” employee inquired about why the couple needed such expensive gift cards, police say. He then assisted the couple in verifying the phone number they were supposed to call back. Turns out, it was listed in the national database as a scamming number, Hendershott said, noting that the couple was reimbursed, returned home, and reported the incident to the police. The Walmart employee isn’t the first to prevent unsuspecting consumers being scammed. In Feb. 2015, an alert Safeway employee saved a woman from losing $2,400 to a scam in which fraudsters called impersonating the IRS, notifying her of an outstanding tax bill. The woman was purchasing thousands of dollars in gift cards when the employee stepped in. Back in September 2014, well-trained employees at a Safeway store in Maryland were able to stop a couple trying to get $4,000 worth of prepaid debit cards. When an employee asked the shoppers why they were putting so much money on the cards, the customers said they’d been contacted by IRS agents who claimed they had to pay thousands of dollars right away in order to stop an IRS investigation. A similar situation took place in March 2012, when an alert Big Y clerk prevented a woman from falling from the grandparents scam. The local woman had showed up at the regional New England supermarket chain with the intention of using Western Union to wire a “large amount” of cash to one of these scammy callers. Want more stories from Consumerist? We’re a non-profit! You can get more stories like this in our twice weekly ad-free newsletter! Click here to sign up. January 18, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler preventing the scam walmart alert employees scam grandparents scam prepaid prepaid gift cards gift cards Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related caught in the act Alert Safeway Employees Save Woman From Losing Thousands In IRS Back Taxes Scam grandparent scams Hero Nurses Save Grandparents From Wiring Thousands Of Dollars To Scammers fake debt collectors Warn Your Parents And Grandparents About The Fake Grandchild Debt Scam grandparent scams Scam Victim’s Grandson Isn’t In Jail, Doesn’t Need $10,000 In iTunes Gift Cards alternate currencies The IRS And The Cops Do Not Really Take Payment In iTunes Gift Cards Over The Phone Previous American Airlines’ New ‘Basic Economy’ Fare Means You Board Last & No Bag In Overhead Bin Next Man Says E-Cigarette Explosion Destroyed 7 Of His Teeth Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Man Says E-Cigarette Explosion Destroyed 7 Of His Teeth Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe to Kane County Chronicle 26°FMostly CloudyFull Forecast News News Home Local Get Newsletter Crime and Courts Government Education Local Business Town News and Info Community Dining Police Reports Finance Face Time Corrections Get App Sports Sports Home Preps Columns Chicago Steel Kane County Cougars Community Sports Athlete of the Month Get App Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Bears Features A&E Artist Q&A Books Chit Chat Everyday Heroes Features Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies Music Mystery Diner Planit Kane Taste of the Town Theater Weekend Life Opinion Opinion Home Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons Photos Photo Lists Photo Store Share Photos Galleries Archive Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Campus Report Eagle Scout Engagement Announcement Girl Scout Gold Award recipient Join the Birthday Club Letters to the Editor Local Band Spotlight Neighbors Press Release Service Report Share Photos Sidetracks Press Release Submit an Event Support Group Listings Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals Dining e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Fox River Bike Trails Forms Kane County Magazine Public Notices RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Features Opinion Obits Photos Video Planit Text Alerts Newsletter Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified St. Charles Geneva Batavia Elburn Sugar Grove Batavia police reports Published: Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017 10:54 a.m. CST • Updated: Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017 3:24 p.m. CST • Someone stole two bottles of alcohol at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia, according to a Jan. 4 police report that stated the bottles were valued at about $51 each. • Identity theft was reported in the 1300 block of Green Pheasant Lane, Batavia, according to a Jan. 5 police report that stated an attempt to open an account happened at a store in Indiana. • Cecil J. Hubbard, 30, of the 500 block of Florida Avenue, Aurora, was charged Jan. 5 with driving with a suspended license on North Randall Road, Batavia. • A garbage can valued at $70 was reported stolen from the 500 block of Violet Lane, Batavia, according to a Jan. 5 police report. • John E. Schultz III, 27, of the zero to 99 block of South Fordham Road, Aurora, was charged Jan. 5 with driving with a suspended license in the 1400 block of South Batavia Avenue, Batavia. • About $200 in accidental damage to the vinyl siding of a home in the 300 block of Taubert Avenue, Batavia, was reported Jan. 7. According to the police report, a drone with a camera lay broken at the scene. • Erica L. Ransford, 30, of the 100 block of Laurie Lane, Oswego, was charged Jan. 7 with retail theft greater than $300 at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Alexandra N. Cuevas, 20, of the 2700 block of Bullrun Drive, Aurora, was charged Jan. 7 with criminal trespassing and retail theft less than $300 at Kohl’s, 251 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Sarah E. Huggins, 26, of the 200 block of Forest Avenue, Batavia, was charged with DUI of alcohol Jan. 8 on Main Street, Batavia, according to a police report. • Unauthorized charges to a credit card were reported Jan. 9 in the 200 block of Roberts Lane, Batavia, in what might be a case of identity theft, according to a police report. • A fire that did less than $500 in damage was reported Jan. 10 as criminal damage to property in the 400 block of State Street, Batavia. • A credit card bill was received for an unauthorized account in the 2500 block of Spring Green Way, Batavia, according to a Jan. 10 police report of fraud. • Unauthorized debit card transactions were reported Jan. 10 in the 600 block of Young Avenue, Batavia. • Carmen M. Irizarry, 30, of the 2000 block of West Illinois Avenue, Aurora, was charged Jan. 10 with driving with a suspended license on South Randall Road, Batavia. Related Links Holy Cross School in Batavia to celebrate Catholic Schools Week Kiddie Academy dance party on tap for children in Batavia Jazz and Icarus myth to heat up Water Street Studios in Batavia Peace concert sing-along to return to Batavia bridge Batavia police reports Batavia High School playwright enlists students to reimagine Robin Hood Get breaking and town-specific news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from the Kane County Chronicle. More News St. Charles woman killed on her 80th birthday in Florida crashJan. 27, 2017 - 5:00 pm Weekend 5: Dog sleds, theater, comedy, Gershwin and history talk on tapJan. 27, 2017 - 3:52 pm College scholarships open to Kaneland, Central studentsJan. 27, 2017 - 12:15 pm 8 great local salons in Kane CountyJan. 27, 2017 - 12:11 pm Holy Cross School in Batavia to celebrate Catholic Schools WeekJan. 26, 2017 - 5:28 pm Police: Batavia woman charged with felony after filing false crime reportJan. 27, 2017 - 3:53 pm About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs About Our Ads | Cars on AutoTrader.com | Local Business Showcase Customer Service: toll-free (800) 589-9363 Copyright © 2017 Kane County Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in St. Charles, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
News Sports Business Food Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Steve Rose Mary Sanchez Public Editor Midwest Voices As I See It Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Joco Opinion January 18, 2017 10:54 AM Who is really hurt when we join a boycott? By Emily Parnell Special to The Star LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Since the rise of social media, I’ve seen more and more organized boycotts. They grab you with a headline condemning a company’s offensive opinions or actions, then urge everyone to boycott the company. We’ve been asked to avoid Jimmy John’s because the owner hunts large game. Chick-fil-A because the management expressed anti-LGBTQ sentiments. Hobby Lobby for not providing certain types of contraception to their employees. And now, a long list of companies is floating around, all of whom have some sort of tie with Donald Trump or his businesses, including retail giants such as Walmart, Amazon, Bed, Bath & Beyond, and Macy’s. I happen to agree with the reasons behind the above-listed boycotts, and I’ll stand firm in my beliefs. Yet to boycott these companies doesn’t seem to hit the bullseye. In fact, it feels like low-scoring shots that hit mainly those on the peripheral. The support employees will go down first while the owners, the ones we’re targeting, will hide in their bunkers. And, of course, there’s the flip side of the boycott or endorsement when urged by a controversial figure. Our president-elect endorsed L.L. Bean, so a select group of people will now be avoiding it. Breitbart urged followers to boycott Kellogg’s after Kellogg’s pulled advertising from the dubious news site. In response, droves of consumers rushed to the grocery store to buy extra Kellogg’s and donate the product to food banks. Regarding the boycotts, I thought of people I know who rely upon these retailers for income. A friend, a Mexican dad counting on income from Jimmy John’s. The friendly kid at the Chick-fil-A counter who sets off my gaydar. The high school kid who just scored a first job at Bed, Bath and Beyond. A family member who depends on their Walmart management position to support their family. Liberal, gay friends who sell on Amazon. Financially struggling friends who work in the Amazon warehouse. Conservative author friends who sell there, as well. Let me tell you a little bit about individuals or small businesses selling on Amazon. Business owners self-manage the process. As long as a product doesn’t violate Amazon’s standards and they follow the selling protocol, they can sell. It’s equal-opportunity. Nobody goes around to check skin color, religious affiliation or sexual orientation. It’s an amazing opportunity to reach buyers, world-wide. Certain items, are, however, banned from sale on Amazon. Illegal drugs. Confederate flags. Foie gras (banned for inhumane treatment of geese.) Human body parts. Isn’t that what we’re looking for in America? The freedom to live, pursue our dreams, run our businesses, sell our legal goods. If we say Ivanka shouldn’t be allowed to sell in an open forum, what are we really saying? I want to know where my dollars go. I favor fair-trade products. I’m a sucker for a sale that supports a cause. I drive past the big chain to mom-and-pop stores. And I do, in truth, avoid Jimmy John’s because I can’t shake the memory of the photo of the owner sitting by a freshly slaughtered elephant. But we must keep in mind that the free market is a tangled web of all walks, and a boycott is not the clean shot of a sniper. It’s a dirty bomb with non-discriminate effects. We want our voices heard, but we have to make sure the right people are getting the message and consider who it is we’re really hurting when we join a boycott. Reach Overland Park mom Emily Parnell at emily@emilyparnell.com. On Twitter:@emilyJparnell. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Joco Opinion Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:06 Families react to life sentence for Anthony Walker in triple murder Pause 3:55 How Schlitterbahn’s Verruckt was built in Wyandotte County 1:37 Ex-boyfriend of missing Kara Kopetsky faces questions in Raymore woman's disappearance 2:11 Service celebrates life of Caleb Schwab 2:17 Clay Chastain outlines reasons for light rail 4:37 Secret Santa inspires kindness during sleigh ride in Independence 1:36 National Geographic features KC's Avery Jackson, a transgender girl 3:26 Brooklyn Coons' death is still shrouded in secrecy 2:23 Her grandfather's vision of 'personal diplomacy' changed the direction of Mary Jean Eisenhower's own life 1:32 Triple homicide investigation in Kansas City Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 26 minutes ago Missouri Right to Life holds annual prayer vigil 1:08 26 minutes ago Missouri Right to Life holds annual prayer vigil 0:45 an hour ago Christian Colon shares Yordano Ventura memory 1:43 2 hours ago Kansas City Royals speak following Yordano Ventura memorial View more video Joco Opinion Letters: Readers discuss Matt Keenan, the ACA and trapping wildlife Trump's "disgusting and corrupt" media In defense of curiosity and free advice When it’s too miserable out to get anything done, take that gift Matt Keenan: A journey of 17 years comes full circle Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 02:38 GMT, Jan 28, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica Suspected Orlando cop killer arrested Published time: 18 Jan, 2017 16:56Edited time: 19 Jan, 2017 12:01 Get short URL Markeith Lloyd © Orlando Police Department After a nine-day manhunt and a $125,000 reward for tips leading to an arrest, Orlando Police say they have captured the man suspected of killing 17-year police veteran Sgt. Debra Clayton. Markeith Lloyd, shown on local television with a beaten face and swollen eye, was led into Orlando Police Department headquarters on Tuesday night. “They beat me up,” Lloyd was heard saying three times during the perp walk, according to WKMG. How Markeith Loyd eluded authorities before his capture: A Timeline https://t.co/jrfJ2TlBzWpic.twitter.com/cqhbmYX5Ys— Orlando Sentinel (@orlandosentinel) January 18, 2017 Orlando Police Chief John Mina told reporters Lloyd had sustained some minor facial injuries after he resisted arrest. BREAKING: Accused cop killer Markeith Loyd taken into OPD, yelled out "they beat me up." @WFTVpic.twitter.com/vWzDooKgMV— Lauren Seabrook (@LSeabrookWFTV) January 18, 2017 Markeith Lloyd is suspected of killing Sgt. Clayton in a Walmart parking lot on January 6. Clayton was off-duty at the time and tried to stop a shoplifter at Walmart when Lloyd opened fire. Clayton was shot multiple times. Just after Loyd was apprehended, OPD @ChiefJohnMina called Lt. Debra Clayton's husband to tell him the news. pic.twitter.com/7Q84szDHDK— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Lloyd then carjacked a vehicle and fled the scene. Orange County sheriff’s deputy Norman Lewis was also killed in a traffic collision while responding to the shooting. The car chase led to 15 Orlando schools going on lockdown as police pursued Lloyd. MORE: Deputy killed in traffic accident while responding to incident https://t.co/gt4GpEmwgNpic.twitter.com/QBHW3gU6iQ— RT America (@RT_America) January 9, 2017 Lloyd was already wanted on murder charges for the shooting death of his 24-year-old pregnant ex-girlfriend on December 13. “We are extremely grateful,” Police Chief Mina said during a televised press conference. “There’s some great police work that got this cop killer off the street.” Great police work got this cop killer and the killer of Sade Dixon and her unborn child off the street. pic.twitter.com/MkAdoHwZmM— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 The end of the manhunt came when police, including state and federal agents, found Lloyd in an abandoned home. When they confronted him, he came out of the home wearing body armor, and tossed down two guns, including a Glock handgun fitted with a hundred-round drum. “Honestly, I thought this might end up in a different situation,” a police officer said. These are the guns Markeith Loyd had in his possession when he was captured. That a high-capacity drum which holds up to 100 rounds. pic.twitter.com/PDOV6XIyFn— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Evading arrest, the 41-year-old had been added to the US Marshal’s office most-wanted list, with police offering $125,000 for tips leading to his capture. Lloyd faces multiple charges, including two counts of first degree murder in connection with the deaths of his girlfriend and her unborn child. Other charges are pending in the police shooting. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News How Markeith Loyd eluded authorities before his capture: A timeline Nephew of Lt. Debra Clayton shocked that Loyd was found in neighborhood Jarvis Grant, nephew of slain officer Lt. Debra Clayton, was shocked that Markeith Loyd was found so close to his home. Jarvis Grant, nephew of slain officer Lt. Debra Clayton, was shocked that Markeith Loyd was found so close to his home. Christal Hayes Contact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Markeith Loyd was captured Tuesday evening, nine days after an Orlando police officer was gunned down.  Loyd is accused of killing Lt. Debra Clayton and shooting at a deputy who chased after him on Monday. A different Orange County Sheriff’s Deputy, Norman Lewis, was killed during the manhunt in a traffic accident. Nearly a month before Clayton was killed and hundreds of law enforcement officers began searching for Loyd, he was accused of killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. OPD officer shot and killed; deputy dies in crash Orlando Police Department Debra Clayton Debra Clayton (Orlando Police Department) After shooting her on Dec. 13, he shot Dixon’s brother numerous times, deputies said. He got away then, too. Since the killings and manhunt began, authorities scoured Central Florida and arrested several people accused of helping the convicted felon elude capture. On Tuesday, the U.S. Marshal Service raised the reward for a tip that led to his capture to $125,000. But even before the most recent slayings, Loyd led a troubled life filled with crime. His extensive criminal history stretches back decades and includes a murder charge in 1995, for which he was never convicted. Here’s a detailed timeline of the intricate case, told in reverse chronological order with the most recent events at the top, showing Loyd’s past and how deputies say he’s evaded law enforcement for weeks: PICTURE GALLERY: See pictures from the arrest of Markeith Loyd. Loyd, 41, was arrested at 7 p.m. in an abandoned house at 1157 Lescot Lane near Raleigh Street, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said at a press conference Tuesday night. Jan. 17 Loyd is captured about 7 p.m. after being tracked to an abandoned house on Lescot Lane near Raleigh Street, police said. He was wearing body armor and had two handguns. At first he tried to run but then dropped the weapons and surrendered, Orlando police Chief John Mina said.  He faces two counts of first-degree murder with a firearm and two counts of aggravated assault with a firearm in Dixon and her unborn child's deaths, Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said.  Charges in Clayton's death were not announced. Loyd was hauled into Orlando police headquarters with a bloodied and swollen face, exclaiming to news cameras "They beat me up! They beat me up!" Earlier in the day, police held a press conference to announce the U.S. Marshals Service has added Loyd to its top 15 most-wanted fugitive list. Authorities also released a photo of Loyd with his head shaved, explaining he may have changed his appearance.  PICTURE GALLERY: See pictures from the funeral services for Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy Norman Lewis. Jan. 15 As funeral services were underway for Deputy Norman Lewis, a SWAT team searched an abandoned building at the Rosemont Country Club Apartments.  The neighborhood was shut down as authorities canvas the area.  Loyd was not found.  Jan. 14 Orlando police Chief John Mina promoted Clayton posthumously to the rank of lieutenant during her funeral at First Baptist Orlando. As Clayton was laid to rest, the manhunt for Loyd continued. PICTURE GALLERY: See pictures from the funeral services for Orlando Police Department officer Master Sgt. Debra Clayton. Jan. 13 Crimeline declined an offer to match the $100,000 reward for information on Loyd’s whereabouts, saying they didn’t need it yet. Seminole County tax Collector Joel Greenberg offered to push the reward to $200,000 but Crimeline said the money didn’t seem to be helping track the felon down, even though they receive more than 1,000 tips. Investigators continued searching in Polk County for Loyd. Meanwhile, family, friends and fellow law enforcement officers gathered at the First Baptist Orlando church for a viewing for Clayton. Jan. 12 Authorities searched more than 100 locations for Loyd and broadened the manhunt to include Polk County after authorities discovered he might have family in the Haines City area. Crimeline received more than 800 tips but none of them yielded a location for the felon. Mina offered new details in the case at a press conference, saying officers found Loyd’s clothing and that he was wearing a bulletproof vest at the time of the shooting. Mina also said Loyd fired at Clayton even after she was “defenseless” on the ground. Man arrested on charges of aiding suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. See more videos Jan. 11 Two people accused of helping Loyd avoid capture were arrested. Loyd’s niece, Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter were charged with accessory after the fact to first degree murder in Dixon’s death. According to an arrest affadavit, Smith-Loyd called authorities sometime after Dixon’s death and told them Loyd may have shot Dixon in self-defense. She told them she would try to convince her uncle to give himself up. But then she became uncooperative. Authorities found that she and Slaughter went to Loyd’s old job at New Texas Fried Chicken to pick up his last paycheck and give it to him. Slaughter’s vehicle was also allegedly spotted near the Wal-Mart where Clayton was killed 90 minutes after the incident, the affadavit said. Meanwhile, deputies from Orange and Lake counties looked for Loyd at a home near Bay Lake, a rural area near Groveland. Location in Lake County where authorities searched for Markeith Loyd Orlando Sentinel Orlando Sentinel Jan. 10 As the manhunt for Loyd continued, law enforcement extended their search into Lake County and searched three homes. Meanwhile, the first arrest in the case was made. Zarghee Mayan, Loyd’s former boss, was charged with helping Loyd avoid capture after Dixon’s death. He confessed to giving Loyd food from his restaurant, New Texas Fried Chicken, two days before Clayton’s killing, according to an arrest affidavit. He also told officers he drove Loyd to several locations shortly after Dixon’s killing. Loyd even told him about the murder, records show.   Manhunt continues for suspected police killer Markeith Loyd The manhunt continues Wednesday for suspected police killer Markeith Loyd. The manhunt continues Wednesday for suspected police killer Markeith Loyd. See more videos Jan. 9 Someone who recognized Loyd flagged down Clayton at a Wal-Mart at Princeton Street and North John Young Parkway. She was on-duty, in uniform and wearing body armor, so she called dispatch, then started approached him. Clayton yelled for him to “stop” but instead, he opened fire. She shot back. Later, based on evidence found at the scene, it was discovered that he had been shot. He shot her multiple times, continuing to fire as she fell to the ground. Backup officers who arrived 28 seconds later tried to save Clayton with CPR. She was taken to Orlando Regional Medical Center, where she was pronounced dead at 7:40 a.m. Location of Wal-Mart where Sgt. Debra Clayton was shot Orlando Sentinel l l (Orlando Sentinel) Shortly after A short distance from the Wal-Mart, a captain at the Orange County Sheriff’s Office spotted Loyd near Pine Hills Road and North Lane. Loyd shot at the deputy as he pulled into an apartment complex. He wasn’t injured. Then, officials say Loyd carjacked a vehicle and sped off. He ditched the car near Cinderlane Parkway. A manhunt began. SWAT teams, armored vehicles and a helicopter surrounded the Tradik Brookside apartments on Rosewood Way, near Cinderlane Parkway and Orange Blossom Trail. Residents were forced from their homes as law enforcement broke about a dozen windows and doors in the complex, even using tear gas in the search for Loyd. Deputy Nornan Lewis is involved in a fatal wreck while responding to manhunt Orlando Sentinel Orlando Sentinel 9:45 a.m. Orange County Deputy Norman Lewis was responding to the manhunt while on motorcycle patrol. As he drove down Pine Hills Road, he was hit by a van turning left onto Balboa Drive. He was taken to the hospital where he was pronounced dead, according to the Florida Highway Patrol. Ten minutes later, a second motorcycle deputy was involved in a crash a short distance down Pine Hills Road. He was hospitalized with minor injuries. 6 p.m. Law enforcement pulled out of the Tradik Brookside apartments. Jan. 7 Loyd showed up to the New Texas Fried Chicken and got a free meal from Mayan, records show. Mayan told authorities Loyd was armed and had on a bullet proof vest, an arrest affidavit said. Location of New Texas Fried Chicken restaurant Orlando Sentinel Orlando Sentinel Dec. 17 Slaughter stopped by Loyd’s home on 18th Street, records show. She asked a woman who also lived in the home for rent money since Loyd was wanted by authorities, an arrest affidavit said. The pair started arguing and one of them threatened to “jump” the other, an incident report stated. The Orange County Sheriff’s Office was called to investigate. No arrests were made. Slaughter told authorities she went to the apartment to kick out the current tenants for not paying rent and not to collect money. Sometime around this date, Loyd allegedly stopped by a relative’s home while Slaughter was there and he said “law enforcement would have to kill him before he went back to prison,” an arrest affidavit said. Dec. 15 An arrest warrant was issued for Loyd on allegations he was not complying with terms of his probation. Dec. 14 Detectives with the Orange County Sheriff’s Office issued a warrant for Loyd’s arrest in Sade Dixon’s death. Location where Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend is shot Orlando Sentinel Orlando Sentinel Dec. 13 Dixon, 24, was found lying near the front door of her home in west Orange County just after 9 p.m. She’d been shot. Her brother, Ronald Stewart, was found lying nearby and had also been shot numerous times. He was taken the hospital in critical condition. Deputies who responded tried giving Dixon CPR but it was too late. She was pronounced dead at the scene. Witnesses told deputies Dixon’s ex-boyfriend fled in an older model red Buick Regal. That led law enforcement to Markeith Loyd. They got a warrant for his arrest the following day. Later that night After Dixon was killed, Loyd met Mayan at New Texas Fried Chicken restaurant at 400 South Orange Blossom Trail. Mayan drove Loyd to a house either on Lee Road or Jackson Street then to another home in the Richmond Heights neighborhood, where Loyd’s estranged wife lives, an arrest affidavit said. Loyd told Mayan to knock on the front door but he instead walked up then turned back to his vehicle. He told authorities he believes Loyd was planning to shoot the woman next. As they were driving, Loyd admitted to Mayan he shot Dixon and said he would be sending someone to pick up his last paycheck, an affidavit said.   Markeith Loyd's Facebook Live video talks about killing cops David Harris Broadcast on Facebook Live on Nov. 4, Sade Dixon and Markeith Loyd sat in their car during a traffic stop when the conversation turned to killing cops and to his driving. "Go ahead and kill him, babe, so we can get home faster," Dixon said, apparently joking about the officer. "Then we ain't never... Broadcast on Facebook Live on Nov. 4, Sade Dixon and Markeith Loyd sat in their car during a traffic stop when the conversation turned to killing cops and to his driving. "Go ahead and kill him, babe, so we can get home faster," Dixon said, apparently joking about the officer. "Then we ain't never... (David Harris) Dec. 12 Loyd posted to his Facebook, “...when you talk about street legends mention ME!!!!! Me!!!!” Nov. 30 Loyd posted to Facebook, “Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted...” The post was one of dozens that showed Loyd’s life of partying, lifting weights and disparaging women. He regularly posed live videos that included him partying at a strip club. Another talked about him killing cops during a traffic stop. But another showed him reading in bed with Dixon and even hearing the heartbeat of his unborn child during a sonogram. Oct. 2015 Loyd’s wife, Lacarsha Robinson, filed a domestic injunction against Loyd on Oct. 26, alleging over the last seven months he had pushed her down the stairs, hit her, kicked her and broke one of her ribs, court records show. In the injunction, she also claimed Loyd shot her in the leg but she didn’t call authorities because she was afraid, explaining he threatened “he would kill my kids and family. I am in danger and fear of my life,” court records show. “He said he is not scared of the police and he would kill them,” she wrote in the injunction. Three days later, Oct. 29, Loyd filed an injunction against Robinson, claiming she punched him in the face because she thought he was seeing someone else, the injunction states. Loyd said his wife was clumsy and the injuries she noted were her own fault because she “hurts herself when she drinks by falling or whatever,” the injunction said. He also claimed she was threatening him so he packed up and left their home. Both injunctions were voluntarily dismissed. April 2015 Loyd and Robinson get their marriage certificate.   Markeith Loyd: Orlando police shooting suspect has long criminal history Mary Shanklin Markeith Loyd, the man accused of killing an Orlando police officer Monday morning and shooting his pregnant ex-girlfriend to death last month, has a long criminal record. Court records show decades of criminal activity, including cocaine trafficking, battery on a corrections officer and domestic... Markeith Loyd, the man accused of killing an Orlando police officer Monday morning and shooting his pregnant ex-girlfriend to death last month, has a long criminal record. Court records show decades of criminal activity, including cocaine trafficking, battery on a corrections officer and domestic... (Mary Shanklin) 2014 In July, Loyd is released from federal prison after serving time for two cocaine charges, records show. He is placed on five years probation after release. 2002 Loyd was in the Orange County Jail when Corrections Officer Elana Pierce filed charges against him for battery. Pierce stated she asked him to get off the phone for mealtime, but he refused. When she instructed him to turn around to be handcuffed, he “got into an aggressive stance, he swing toward my face, which was blocked by my right arm, which was struck,” arrest records show. The charges were dropped, court records show. 1999 While serving time in state prison, Loyd was found guilty in federal court on two cocaine charges. He was sentenced to 12 and 1/2 years behind bars. 1998 In January, Loyd was sentenced to four years and 15 days in state prison for battery on a law enforcement officer or firefighter and resisting arrest with violence, Florida Department of Corrections records show. He was released about four years later, then served time in federal court. 1995 Loyd and three others were charged in the death of Keith Hall on Nov. 17, 1995. The 24-year-old victim had been shot several times at his home on East Wallace Street near Oak Ridge Road. Investigators said the killers wanted drugs from Hall. The charges were dropped after their prime witness, a 15-year-old girl, said she had lied about key information. The information was an important link between the men and Hall’s death, prosecutors said. chayes@orlandosentinel.com, @Journo_Christal or 407-420-5493 Caption Teens planned 'mass shooting' at Central Florida middle school Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Caption Teens planned 'mass shooting' at Central Florida middle school Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Caption Police seek Baldwin Park armed robbery suspects Orlando police are looking for three people accused of approaching a woman sitting on her Corrine Drive porch Monday and robbing her of a computer, cell phone, and purse. Anyone with more information about the case can call Crimeline at 1-800-423-8477. Orlando police are looking for three people accused of approaching a woman sitting on her Corrine Drive porch Monday and robbing her of a computer, cell phone, and purse. Anyone with more information about the case can call Crimeline at 1-800-423-8477. Caption What happened to the $125K reward for Markeith Loyd's capture? A Crimeline reward of $125,000 brought in more than 1,400 tips but authorities say it wasn’t a tipster who helped lead them to Loyd’s hideout. A Crimeline reward of $125,000 brought in more than 1,400 tips but authorities say it wasn’t a tipster who helped lead them to Loyd’s hideout. Caption Federal agents raid Los Angeles charter school network A Celerity employee who asked to remain anonymous because of a fear of retaliation said federal agents collected laptops and copied data from computers. (Jan. 26, 2017) A Celerity employee who asked to remain anonymous because of a fear of retaliation said federal agents collected laptops and copied data from computers. (Jan. 26, 2017) Caption Local law enforcement participates in identity theft training Paige Hanson, chief of identity education for LifeLock, talks about training for local law enforcement. Paige Hanson, chief of identity education for LifeLock, talks about training for local law enforcement. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Crime Assault Homicide Shootings Markeith Loyd Law Enforcement Debra Clayton Markeith Loyd arrest: Updates from social media Carver Shores residents relieved Markeith Loyd caught Markeith Loyd arrested: Joy in the bar All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 58°
Friday, Jan. 27, 2017 About Advertise Sponsors View Sponsors Weekly Deals Contact Home News & Views City Council Recaps Brewery News Restaurant News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Movie Reviews Giveaways Sports Sections All News Restaurant News Beer News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Sports Calendar Public Meetings Movie Listings Fiesta Square Razorback Cinema Weekly Deals Third Eye Blind, Silversun Pickups coming to the AMP July 12 By Dustin Bartholomew ·   January 18, 2017  Third Eye Blind / Courtesy The first concert for the 2017 season at the Walmart AMP was announced today. Alternative rock bands Third Eye Blind and Silversun Pickups will perform at the venue on Wednesday, July 12. According to a press release issued Wednesday, Third Eye Blind will perform their self-titled debut album in its entirety at the show. The band also just released a new EP titled We Are Drugs, and they’ll be performing material from that album as well. A third band is expected to be added to the bill, and will be announced at a later date. Doors will open at 6 p.m., and the show will start at 7 p.m. Tickets go on sale on Thursday, Jan. 26 at 10 a.m. Prices start at $30.95, and if you purchase four lawn seats at once, a discounted price of $22.50 per ticket may also be available by choosing “Lawn 4-pack” when ordering your tickets. To purchase, call the Walton Arts Center box office at 479-443-5600, or visit amptickets.com.   Discussion Fayetteville Flyer has specific guidelines for commenting. To avoid having your comment deleted -- or your commenting privileges revoked -- read our Comment Policy before you comment. Violators will be banned from commenting. Report a comment that violates the guidelines to contact@fayettevilleflyer.com. Commenters on the Flyer are responsible for all legal consequences arising from their comments, including libel, infringement of copyright or actions that threaten a third party. By submitting a comment, you agree to indemnify Wonderstate Media LLC, its partners and employees from any legal action arising from your comments. @fayflyer     » See all sponsor deals & specials Advertisements Get Daily News Updates Sign up for a simple once-a-day email with headlines and excerpts to all of the previous day’s stories on the Flyer. » Click here to sign up Advertisements     LOCAL INFO   Deals & More Fire/Police Dispatch Logs Detention Intake Report   » See all ADVERTISEMENTS Flyer Sponsors » See all sponsors Sponsor Tweets Tweets from @fayflyer/flyer-sponsors Become a sponsor The Flyer focuses on free news that's specific to Fayetteville. Because of that, our readers are local, and they're loyal to the businesses that support their daily source of information. Let us help your company deliver its message to our ever-growing audience. To talk about becoming a sponsor, call 479-387-1002 or email us. About Legal Advertise Sponsors Contact © 2007-2016 Wonderstate Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Latest: Trump talked to husband of slain Orlando officer By Associated Press Published: 21:09 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 21:09 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — The Latest on the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer (all times local): 9 p.m. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi says President-elect Donald Trump has reached out to the husband of a slain Orlando police officer. Markeith Loyd is transported from the Orlando Police headquarters to Orlando Regional Medical Center after being captured earlier in the evening in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Bondi said Wednesday that Trump had a phone conversation with the husband of Lt. Debra Clayton, who was fatally shot outside a Wal-Mart store in Orlando last week. Bondi describes the conversation between Trump and Seth Clayton as "a brief, very touching, private conversation between two husbands." A suspect wanted for Clayton's slaying was taken into custody Tuesday night after a manhunt that lasted more than a week. Clayton was shot after she approached Markeith Loyd, who was wanted at the time for the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. Loyd's first court appearance is scheduled for Thursday. ___ 12:45 a.m. Neighbors where a fugitive wanted for the slaying of an Orlando police officer was taken into custody after a weeklong manhunt say they aren't surprised that the arrest came from detective work, not tips from the public. One neighbor in the west Orlando neighborhood where Markeith Loyd was arrested says people are scared of repercussions if they talk to police. Aaron Chance says that's the reality even though it's a good neighborhood to live in. Loyd was found in an abandoned house after a nine-day manhunt. Authorities had been offering a $125,000 reward for any tips leading to his arrest in the killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store last week and in the killing of his ex-girlfriend in December. ___ 10:20 a.m. Authorities want the courts to deny bond for the suspect in last week's fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer. An affidavit filed Wednesday with the Orange County Clerk of Courts shows authorities want to make sure 41-year-old Markeith Loyd remains in custody. Loyd arrested Tuesday night after a manhunt that lasted more than a week. Loyd is accused in the killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store last week and in the death of his ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, last month. Authorities say Loyd's face was bloodied when he resisted officers taking him into custody. He was hospitalized overnight. ___ 5:40 a.m. Authorities say a Florida man wanted in the fatal shootings of his pregnant ex-girlfriend and an Orlando police officer was wearing body armor and had two handguns when he was arrested at an abandoned house. Authorities say Markeith Loyd was taken into custody Tuesday night after the home was surrounded by SWAT officers. Orlando Police Chief John Mina says Loyd initially tried to escape out the back but then ran back inside the house. Loyd's face was bloodied when he resisted officers taking him into custody. Loyd is accused in the killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store last week and in the death of his ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, last month. Authorities say he killed the officer when she approached him outside the store. Orlando police Chief John Mina walks past the updated wanted poster of Markeith Loyd during a news conference at Orlando Police Department to announce the capture of Loyd, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Orlando police public information officer Sgt. Wanda Miglio updates a wanted poster of Markeith Loyd before a news conference at Orlando Police Department to announce the capture of Loyd, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) FILE- This undated file photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd, a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. (Orlando Police Department via AP, File) Markeith Loyd is escorted out of the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) A GoFundMe poster for slain Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton is seen during a news press conference at the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. Markeith Loyd, the suspect in the fatal shooting of Clayton, was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Why all the job announcements ahead of Trump’s swearing-in? All of these corporate behemoths will soon have business before the new administration, with make-or-break moves expected on mergers, trade policy, tax reform, defence contracts and regulation. Wal-Mart joined a parade of companies making jobs announcements in recent weeks.  (Patrick T. Fallon / Bloomberg File Photo)   By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ BILL VLASICThe New York Times Wed., Jan. 18, 2017 Donald Trump won’t be sworn in until Friday but big business has already thrown him a veritable inaugural ball. A series of blue-chip companies, among them Ford, Lockheed Martin, Amazon and Sprint, have all announced plans in recent weeks to hire and invest in the United States. A who’s who of executives from boardrooms here and overseas have made the pilgrimage to Trump Tower and sought the president-elect’s blessing. The near-daily drumbeat of announcements — on Tuesday it was the turn of General Motors and Wal-Mart — is not just about winning good headlines or a favourable mention from the tweeter in chief, however. While the jobs and investments are real enough, all of these corporate behemoths will soon have business before the new administration, with make-or-break moves expected on mergers, trade policy, tax reform, defence contracts and regulation. Signalling to the president-elect and his team that they are on board now also provides chief executives with more leverage down the line. Article Continued Below “It might be an attempt to buy goodwill, but I don’t blame them for trying to do that,” said Tom C. Korologos, a longtime Republican strategist and an adviser at the law firm DLA Piper in Washington. “It’s a new administration, and companies are nervous and don’t know what to expect.” Ultimately, the new administration’s decisions will be formulated far from the limelight in conference rooms at federal agencies in Washington or behind closed doors on Capitol Hill. The money riding on the outcome runs into the trillions. And on high-profile issues, the companies will need to make a strong case. Detroit automakers, for example, are concerned that Washington will impose tariffs on cars made in Mexico, but they are eager for wiggle room on new fuel-efficiency standards at home. Wal-Mart is worried about rising trade tensions with China, where many of the products it sells are made. Lockheed Martin, whose chief executive, Marillyn Hewson, met with Trump on Friday and promised to create 1,800 new jobs, depends on the government for 20 per cent of its $46 billion (U.S.) in revenue. United Technologies, which agreed to preserve 850 jobs at its Carrier unit in Indianapolis after public pressure from Trump, gets about 10 per cent of its sales from Washington. Many of the announcements about job creation in the U.S. cover plans that were already in the works. For instance, in late December, Sprint announced that it was creating or bringing back to the U.S. 5,000 new jobs, part of a commitment that Sprint owner SoftBank had previously made. On a call with the news media on Tuesday, Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, cited a new pledge by Bayer to invest $8 billion in the United States and create 3,000 jobs. “The reason for this commitment and expansion is because of the president-elect’s focus on creating better business climate here in the United States,” he said. What Spicer didn’t mention is that Bayer, the German chemical giant, faces intense scrutiny from antitrust regulators in Washington and Europe over its plan to buy Monsanto, based in St. Louis, for $57 billion. If Bayer cannot win approval from the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission, it will be costly, with Bayer obligated to pay Monsanto $2 billion under the deal’s terms. Last week, the chief executives of the two companies met with Trump and made their case for the merger, which some advisers to Trump have criticized. Korologos played down the idea that big business would get specific favours in exchange for hiring or investing. But he acknowledged that many of the announcements were choreographed for maximum political impact. “There’s too many hoops to jump through and too many institutions for it to be a simple quid pro quo,” he said. “But what Trump is doing is very unusual, and these decisions weren’t made 48 hours ago or after a tweet. They were in the works for a long time.” Spicer did point out that Bayer’s decision to hire and invest more in the United States had not been disclosed previously — unlike some highly promoted announcements that were essentially recycled versions of previous news releases. In other cases, companies are talking up hiring plans now, after earlier decisions to quietly shed workers. In the case of the auto industry, Trump’s criticism of imports of Mexican-made vehicles has prompted companies to defend their U.S. manufacturing presence aggressively and announce new investments, some of which had long been in the planning stages. Last week, the chief executive of Fiat Chrysler, Sergio Marchionne, admitted that plans for 2,000 new jobs in the United States had been under consideration long before Trump won the presidency in November. “The decision has been in the works for a long time, dating back to 2015,” Marchionne said during an appearance at the Detroit auto show. “It is just a continuation of the retooling of the U.S. manufacturing base.” But Trump’s immediate — and positive — reaction to the announcement underscored how closely the president-elect is following the automotive job picture, and how his keen interest in U.S. manufacturing is influencing automakers. On Tuesday, General Motors, the largest U.S. automaker, announced $1 billion in new investment in its U.S. factories that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. The automaker also said it was moving production of axles from Mexico to the United States and creating 450 U.S. jobs, and would continue to add thousands of new technology jobs over the next few years. In a statement, GM said the plans had been “in the works for some time.” Yet the timing of the announcement was no coincidence, given Trump’s interest. “There’s no question there is an emphasis on job creation in the U.S. right now,” said Patrick E. Morrissey, a GM spokesman. “This was good timing for us to share what we are doing.” And while the number of positions being created sounds great, they pale in comparison to the jobs lost over the years. GM announced it will add 7,000 information technology and manufacturing jobs in the U.S., which is a lot by any measure, but compares to a current hourly workforce of 56,000. In 1979, the Associated Press reports, GM's U.S. workforce peaked above 618,000. GM's manufacturing jobs, as represented by the United Auto Workers union, start at $27.79 an hour under the latest contract. Wal-Mart said it will create 10,000 new retail jobs in the U.S. this year, but that's a fraction of the company's U.S. workforce of roughly1.5 million. Wal-Mart's starting wage is about $9 an hour. They join other companies that stepped up as well, often with similar, bittersweet news. For instance, while Amazon has said it would create 100,000 jobs in the United States in 2017, most are low-paying warehouse jobs that offer little job security. Amazon on average pays its warehouse employees 15 per cent less than the average wage of other warehouse workers in the same region, according to Stacy Mitchell of the Institute for Local Self-Reliance, a non-profit advocacy group that works on sustainable community development. Most of the jobs had already been announced in the local markets where the warehouses are located. “Given that there's no real news here, one certainly has to wonder if Amazon's announcement is mainly aimed at currying favour with President-elect Trump,” Mitchell says. Indeed, on Tuesday, Trump publicly thanked GM and Wal-Mart via Twitter within hours of their announcements. Companies are also closely attuned to where government policy is headed, and want to show they are getting with the program, said Bruce P. Mehlman, founder of Mehlman Castagnetti Rosen & Thomas, a lobbying firm whose clients include Fiat Chrysler, Procter & Gamble and Walmart. “In 2009 and 2010 under President Obama, it was sustainability, and in 2017 with Trump it’s domestic manufacturing,” Mehlman said. With files from USA Today Read more about: Donald Trump, United States Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 0°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Céline Dion joins ‘The Voice’ The Canadian pop star will be serving as an adviser for Gwen Stefani’s team during season 12 of the NBC singing competition. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Panama Papers Dinner Party Canada 150 Peacekeeping Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Share 179 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-27 Super Bowl 51 Commercials: Coen Brothers Pay Homage To ‘Easy Rider’ In Mercedes-Benz Ad [Video] Entertainment 2017-01-26 ‘Fairy Tail – Dragon Cry’ Movie Artwork And Script Page Reveal Plot? Hand-Drawn Illustrations Suggests Japanese Animated Film May Explore Natsu’s Origin Story Entertainment 2017-01-25 Trailer For Selena Gomez’s Netflix Series ’13 Reasons Why,’ Plus The Netflix Series You’re Missing Entertainment 2017-01-25 Aaron Sorkin’s Embarrassment At ‘Man-Boy’ Donald Trump ‘Exacting Twitter Vengeance’ News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-01-27 Pence Speaks At March For Life: ‘Life Is Winning’ News 2017-01-27 Insane Clown Posse Set Date For Official Juggalo March On Washington Protesting FBI Gang Designation Opinion 2017-01-27 ‘Torturer And Murderer’ Donna Hylton Women’s March Speech Infuriates Conservatives Over So-Called Liberal Hypocrisy News 2017-01-27 Trump Twitter: Gmail Account Linked Posed Social Media Security Threat To POTUS Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE News: Bill Goldberg Calls AJ Styles, Sasha Banks Bright Stars For Future Of WWE Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE News: Kota Ibushi To Be A Surprise ‘Royal Rumble’ Entrant? Basketball 2017-01-27 NBA Trade Rumors: Knicks’ Carmelo Anthony, Bulls’ Rajon Rondo, And Mavericks’ Andrew Bogut Latest News Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE Rumors: Top Five Rumored ‘WrestleMania 33’ Matches That Will Come Out Of Sunday’s ‘Royal Rumble’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Lifestyle 2017-01-16 Kate Middleton’s Ring Becomes More Popular Than Ever! Foreign Buyers Queue To Get Replicas Of The Sapphire Diamond Jewelry Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-26 Planned Parenthood: IUD Insertions Up 900 Percent After Trump’s Election Health 2017-01-22 Heartburn Or Heart Attack — Do You Know When To Seek Help? Health 2017-01-22 2016-2017 Flu Season: Health Experts Expect More Severe Influenza Cases Than Last Year Health 2017-01-22 The One Birth Control Method That’s Cost-Effective And Over The Counter Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2017-01-27 Facebook And Google Join Fight Against Fake News Sites Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Avengers’ Game Release Date Nearing, ‘The Avengers Project’ To Be Published By Square Enix Science 2017-01-27 Organ Transplant Breakthrough: Scientists Create First Human-Animal Chimera Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Jan. 27, Near Perfect Graviton Forfeit BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Migos To Replace Lady Gaga At Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show? ‘Culture’ Rappers Have Petition Backing The Cause BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Author George RR Martin To Release New Writing In 2017 ‘Book Of Swords’ BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Eddie Redmayne Set To Narrate ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Audiobook BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 ‘Star Wars’ Edits: Mark Hamill Says He Begged George Lucas To Remove Dialogue From ‘A New Hope’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Alleged Cop Killer Markeith Loyd Captured By Police — Loyd Claims ‘They Beat Me Up’ When Being Taken Into Custody News 179 0 0 January 17, 2017 Alleged Cop Killer Markeith Loyd Captured By Police — Loyd Claims ‘They Beat Me Up’ When Being Taken Into Custody Danny Cox After a long manhunt, alleged cop killer Markeith Loyd has been captured by the Orlando Police Department and is now in custody. His capture came late on Tuesday evening after he was said to have “made a mistake” of some kind. Not much is known yet about how exactly he was found and brought into custody. He was indeed arrested and even detained in the handcuffs of the late Lt. Debra Clayton, who Loyd is accused of shooting and killing, but was he beaten up by the police? We’ve got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD ICustody. Details to come. Media: stand by for details on press conference. pic.twitter.com/SVjFUEvNak — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 WESH has confirmed that the manhunt is over for Markeith Loyd who was wanted after allegedly shooting and killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend back in December. Just last week, he allegedly shot and killed Lt. Debra Clayton during a shootout at an Orlando Walmart. As Loyd was being brought into the Orlando Police Department, reporters were on the scene and watching him taken into the building. Reporters began yelling questions at him and asking him what happened, and that was when he yelled back, “They beat me up!” BREAKING: Accused cop killer Markeith Loyd taken into OPD, yelled out “they beat me up.” @WFTV pic.twitter.com/vWzDooKgMV — Lauren Seabrook (@LSeabrookWFTV) January 18, 2017 Anyone watching the video above can see that the left-hand side of Markeith Loyd’s face does look swollen and his eye even appears to be closed. Nothing is known as to how those injuries may have occurred or when he received them. The day of the shooting at the Walmart, the Orlando Police Department offered a reward of $60,000 for any information leading to his arrest. Days later, the reward was raised to $100,000. On Tuesday, the reward was raised again to $125,000, and local news reports state that within six hours of his arrest, a tip came in that led police to his location. Markeith Loyd brought in face bloodied – still had body armor on – yelling they beat me up @WFTV — Martha Sugalski (@MarthaSugalski) January 18, 2017 Here’s a close up picture of Markeith Loyd shortly after his arrest. You can see blood & a swollen eye. #WFTV pic.twitter.com/RSXlzJXcQg — Cuthbert Langley (@CLangleyWFTV) January 18, 2017 Immediately, the internet began reacting to Markeith Loyd’s capture, and it wasn’t necessarily favorable for a man that is accused of shooting and killing an Orlando Police Officer. I’ve seen Markeith’s face. I’m not a doctor, but I think he’s suffering from something known as JUSTICE. #MarkeithLoyd — Nick Dennis (@_NickD) January 18, 2017 Here’s a look at Markeith Loyd as he was taken to @OrlandoPolice HQ. Said, “They beat me up.” I bet they did. pic.twitter.com/O5W5BwIhu0 — Justin Warmoth (@JustinWarmoth) January 18, 2017 Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs. https://t.co/NDzzczUqK6 — Chief John Mina (@ChiefJohnMina) January 18, 2017 Click Orlando reported that Markeith Loyd was taken into custody with very little resistance and that there was “no further bloodshed” in his arrest. Social media is running wild with comments and pictures of Loyd being taken into custody, and the majority of them are focusing on his face. ————————————————————- UPDATE at 8:35 p.m ET: During the press conference by the Orlando Police Department, it was revealed that Markeith Loyd did attempt to flee upon being found at a home. Upon trying to escape out the back, police confronted him, he went back into the home, and then exited out the front. Police state that he resisted arrest and his face was “banged up” a little, but Chief John Mina said, “they look minor to me.” Markeith Loyd did have two handguns in his possession upon being arrested, and one gun had a high-capacity drum which could hold up to 100 rounds. These are the guns Markeith Loyd had in his possession when he was captured. That a high-capacity drum which holds up to 100 rounds. pic.twitter.com/PDOV6XIyFn — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Chief John Mina also stated that it was not a tip that led to the capture of Loyd, but it was simply “great police work.” Over the course of the past month, three people have been accused of helping Markeith Loyd avoid police and evade capture since he allegedly shot and killed 24-year-old Sade Dixon in Pine Hills, Florida. Since then, Zarghee Mayan, one of the people accused of helping him, told police that Loyd has been wearing a bulletproof vest since December. It has been a long week and month as the manhunt has continued on, but there is plenty of relief in Orlando on Tuesday evening as Markeith Loyd has been captured. Chief John Mina just as Markeith Loyd taken into OPD headquarters @WFTV pic.twitter.com/8bUWRKp4c2 — Daralene Jones (@DJonesWFTV) January 18, 2017 After a week-long manhunt for an alleged cop killer, Markeith Loyd has been captured and is currently in the custody of the Orlando Police Department. As for the police officers who took him into custody, they were more than pleased to arrest him and detain him in the handcuffs of the late Lt. Debra Clayton. Now, there is a long road ahead to find out all the information and motive behind these killings which will eventually lead to a trial, but will issues arise over Loyd’s claims that the police beat him up? [Featured Image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Doomsday Clock Moved Closer To Midnight Now Read This: Pence Speaks At March For Life: ‘Life Is Winning’ [Opinion] Share 179 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Danny Cox Tags: debra clayton handcuffs, lt. debra clayton, markeith loy, markeith loyd beat up January 27, 2017 A Dog’s Purpose Review Roundup: Did Controversy Mar Critics’ Opinions? January 26, 2017 ‘Donnie Darko 3’ Release Date Being Planned With Original Director, Could Be Years Away Comments LATEST HEADLINES Vicki Gunvalson And Kelly Dodd Will Reportedly Return To ‘RHOC’ For Season 12 NBA Trade Rumors: DeMarcus Cousins And Paul George To Lakers, D’Angelo Russell And Julius Randle To Kings, Brandon Ingram, Jordan Clarkson, And Nick Young To Pacers Celine Dion Is Coming To ‘The Voice’ As A Mentor For Returning Judge Gwen Stefani [Video] WWE News: Bill Goldberg Calls AJ Styles, Sasha Banks Bright Stars For Future Of WWE No, Mariah Carey Is Not Engaged To Back Up Dancer Bryan Tanaka [Debunked] ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ Director Rian Johnson Reveals Episode VIII’s Unusual Influences Charlotte McKinney Considers Breast Reduction: ‘I Was Called A S**T’ For Large Breasts Kim Kardashian’s Stolen Jewelry Is Rumored To Help Fund Terrorism [Debunked] Kodak Black Sex Tape: Insiders Worry That Explicit Video Live-Streamed To Instagram Could Ruin Rapper’s Career Kylie Jenner Set To Open NYC Pop Up Shop, Release Valentine’s Lip Kits Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories WWE News: The Reason Goldberg’s Head Was Bleeding — What Happened With Goldberg, The Undertaker, And Brock Lesnar After ‘Raw’ Went Off The Air? 26.8k 0 0 Justice Democrats: Cenk Uygur, The Young Turks, Progressives Launch Party Takeover 6.4k 0 0 Jon Voight Accuses Miley Cyrus, Shia LaBeouf Of Treason For Opposing Trump, Calls Women’s March ‘Destructive’ 4.2k 0 0 Six Journalists Face Felony Charges After Covering Inauguration Riots 3.5k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 74.7k 0 0 NFL Rumors: Could The Green Bay Packers Target Alshon Jeffery In Free Agency? 2.4k 0 0 Recent Videos News Israel Plans To Decriminalize Marijuana Politics Mexican President Offers Friendship To U.S., But Not Border Wall News Trump Moving Forward With Mexico Border Wall Politics C.I.A. Black Sites Could Reopen With Trump Executive Order Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Adams County Crime Blotter: Threats over apple pie Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Shevchenko headlines UFC Denver Fixing Broncos O-line Australian Open update APS budget cuts New Denver skyscraper Denver weather News YourHub Adams County Crime Blotter: Threats over apple pie Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Provided by Law Enforcement | January 17, 2017 at 4:24 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Coroner’s report details drunken last hours of CorePower Yoga founder Trevor Tice Editorial: Lying Trump can’t be trusted, and that needs to stop now Building Broncos: OL, Fixing the mess is a must, but it won’t be easy Trump adviser calling for overhaul of “junk science” at EPA Bill to let bicyclists roll through stop signs gains speed, but there are roadblocks ahead Colorado considers ending longtime switchblade knife ban No free pie. On Dec. 28, two employees of the McDonald’s inside Walmart, 5990 Dahlia St., Commerce City, called police after two men threatened them for not giving away apple pies. The suspects said they couldn’t pay for the pies, but to just hand them over. The employees refused, and the two said they would come back and beat them up later. They left the area and police couldn’t find them. Disappearing passenger. Police responded to a traffic incident at the intersection of West  104th Avenue and Livingston Drive, Northglenn, on Dec. 1. Someone inside the car that caused the accident ran from the scene, but the driver wouldn’t say who it was. He was ticketed for false reporting and driving while high on marijuana. Who gets the microwave. On Dec. 15, a woman called police to escort her over to her former girlfriend’s house in the 1300 block of Milky Way, Thornton, so that she could retrieve some of her things. The two started fighting over who would keep the microwave, and officers had to detain them. The other woman. A woman returned to her home in the area of East 72nd Avenue and Poplar Street, Commerce City, on Dec. 27 where she lived with her ex-husband. When she tried to enter the apartment, she noticed that her ex had another woman inside. The woman tried to get inside the apartment to fight the other woman. She was eventually arrested for harassment. Scammed. Police were called by the Wells Fargo elder abuse department on Dec. 2 because one of their clients who lives in the 500 block of Leonard Lane, Northglenn, had been tricked into forking over nearly $4,000 five months earlier. Tags:  crime blotter Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in YourHub Arvada Crime Blotter: Man runs from cab fare for six blocks January 25, 2017, 2:56 pm This week’s Arvada crime blotter includes a man who ran for six blocks to escape his cab fare, a young couple who stole more than $400 worth of merchandise from Big 5, a very impaired driver and a nasty case of road rage. Aurora Crime Blotter: Restaurant burglar leaves empty-handed January 25, 2017, 2:54 pm The neighbor of a man who lives in the 1400 block of North Moline Street called him Jan. 6 because he said he saw someone drive up to the man’s car and smash out the back window in the middle of the night before driving off. Adams County Crime Blotter: Woman cited for throwing items in the road January 25, 2017, 2:53 pm A witness called police to the bus stop at East 60th Avenue and Dahlia Street in Commerce City because a woman waiting for the bus there Dec. 28 was belligerently rambling and throwing things from her Walmart cart into the street. Business Q&A: Olde Town Flower Shoppe, Arvada January 25, 2017, 2:50 pm What was once Fiori di Flavio is now the Olde Town Flower Shoppe and is offering incredible services for all flower related needs in Arvada. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 13 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest For the Record: How much longer until it's great o'clock? Will America become great again right at 12 p.m. EST Friday, or is it more of a gradual process? Post to Facebook For the Record: How much longer until it's great o'clock? Will America become great again right at 12 p.m. EST Friday, or is it more of a gradual process?  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jYTJmN {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs For the Record: How much longer until it's great o'clock? Brett McGinness , USA TODAY Published 5:26 a.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 | Updated 6:28 a.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 28 Shares CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share President-elect Donald Trump is facing backlash on Twitter. Veuer's Nick Cardona tells us what he said. Buzz60 So many questions leading up to Friday's inauguration: Will America become great again exactly at 12 p.m. EST Friday, or is it a gradual process? Will it happen once the Affordable Care Act is repealed, or do we have to wait until it's replaced? Will it happen when Mexico cuts us the check for the wall? And will those lying pollsters let us know once it's great, or do we just wait for President Trump to tell us when it's great? We don't have the answers just yet, but we do have an update on the greatest cabinet nominees ever, a great deal of new jobs in the pipeline, and a status report on the handful of European nations who want to retour a la grandeur or whatever. USA TODAY For the Record: Sign up for our politics newsletter Education nominee takes on Democrats, grizzly bears CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Betsy DeVos, President-elect Donald Trump's pick for secretary of Education, faces questions from Senator Bernie Sanders during her Senate confirmation hearing. USA TODAY NETWORK Trump's nominee for secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, defended her support for alternatives to public school as she appeared before the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee for confirmation hearings Tuesday. DeVos, a longtime advocate for private and charter schools and homeschooling, seems poised to turn the millions of nontraditionally educated students into an army of spelling bee juggernauts. “Not all schools are working for the students that are assigned to them. I’m hoping we can work together to find common ground,” DeVos told Sen. Patty Murray (D-Washington) as Murray asked DeVos not to propose funding cuts for public schools. Sen. Chris Murphy, D-Connecticut, asked DeVos about her stance on guns in schools -- and DeVos more or less said the Second Amendment protects our right to bear arms against bears: "I would imagine that there is probably a gun in the schools to protect from potential grizzlies" in places like rural Idaho. (The plan clearly is effective ... when was the last time we heard about a bear trying to attack a school? Check and mate, Sen. Murphy.) Also Tuesday, Trump's nominee for interior secretary, Ryan Zinke, is the latest nominee to break with Trump on a key issue when he said that climate change isn't a hoax. Companies learning to beat the tweet A few months ago, it was candy brands on high alert for random social media crises. Now that Trump is the president-elect, every brand is worried they'll be the next ones in @realDonaldTrump's Twitter crosshairs. On Tuesday, both General Motors and Walmart announced thousands of new jobs in the U.S. in the coming months, though GM's jobs appear to have been in the works for months, and Walmart's 10,000 new jobs are barely a blip on the radar for a company that employs 1.5 million in the U.S. Amazon far and away had the largest job announcement so far this year, vowing to create 100,000 new jobs this year. But critics say the positions are simply low-paying warehouse jobs. “Given that there’s no real news here, one certainly has to wonder if Amazon's announcement is mainly aimed at currying favor with President-elect Trump," Mitchell says. Who's gonna be great again next? British Prime Minister Theresa May waves as she arrives back at 10 Downing Street in London on Jan. 17, 2017, after delivering a Brexit speech at Lancaster House in London.  (Photo: DANIEL LEAL-OLIVAS, AFP/Getty Images) With just days until Trump's populist movement takes the reins in Washington, let's check in with populist movements across the Atlantic: United Kingdom: British Prime Minister Theresa May outlined the plans for the Brexit process, which will begin in March. Her wish list: a clean break with the EU, stronger immigration controls, a trade deal from outside the EU that looks like the one they had inside it, and continued open borders and cooperation with the Republic of Ireland. The reaction from the EU: we'll see. Germany: The country's high court refused to outlaw the populist neo-Nazi National Democratic Party, saying the movement doesn't pose a threat to the country's democracy. The party hopes to make a showing in the elections for Saarland's state legislature in March. The nationalist AfD ("Alternative for Germany") party is gaining ground in the polls in the wake of the terror attack in Berlin last month. The next election will take place before Oct. 22. Netherlands: The anti-EU, anti-immigrant PVV ("Party for Freedom") is leading the polls for March's parliamentary elections, but is just one of seven parties expected to pick up seats. It would have to form a partnership with one or more other parties to create a ruling coalition, and no one else seems willing to partner up.  Italy: Elections for a new prime minister will take place by May, with populist leader and potential front-runner Beppe Grillo steering his 5-Star Movement toward the mainstream and away from former nationalist allies. Trump supporter Matteo Salvini, who has called for tighter border controls,  is a distant third in the polls. France: French presidential elections are coming up in late April and early May. The Russian-backed populist candidate Marine Le Pen is promising immigration control, the end of free trade and a "France first" mentality ... so basically, she's France's Donald Trump. Among her opponents are Francois Fillon, a surprise winner in the primaries who warns of "Islamic totalitarianism" and wants to cut France's wealth tax ... in other words, he's France's Donald Trump. Also seeing a late surge in popularity: Emmanuel Macron, an outsider who has never held political office but has been attracting enthusiastic crowds at rallies across the nation. He's ... hm, trying to think of a good analogy here. More from transition week Pence and Trump will be the executive branch's odd couple (Indianapolis Star) Bernie Sanders starts to rally the Dems in California (Burlington Free Press) Obama commutes most of Chelsea Manning's sentence ... wait, don't gather your things yet, you still have four more months (USA TODAY) Clemency for Manning could mean Julian Assange's extradition to the US (USA TODAY) Skipping the inauguration isn't exactly a hobby for Rep. John Lewis, but this won't be the first time he's done it (USA TODAY OnPolitics) Full list of Democrats not attending the inauguration because of protests, constituent complaints, dentist visits (USA TODAY OnPolitics) U.S. abortion rate drops to lowest level since Roe v. Wade (USA TODAY) It's a yuge world after all To track Trump's business ties, Buzzfeed launched TrumpWorld, a wild ride through the 1,500 individuals and organizations in Trump's orbit. Keep your tiny hands inside the vehicle at all times. This is TrumpWorld: 1,500 organizations tied to the Trump administration https://t.co/wuBLJNC1mXpic.twitter.com/eOlyLeaJ3J— BuzzFeed News (@BuzzFeedNews) January 15, 2017 Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jYTJmN Most Popular Secret Service agent under fire after posting she wouldn't take bullet for Trump 10k Shares Trump aide Conway: Spokesman Spicer used 'alternative facts' 12k Shares Trump called Park Service over inauguration crowd photos, report says 6.3k Shares Trump criticizes Chelsea Manning for criticizing Obama 4.3k Shares Aerial images from women's marches show just how massive the turnout is around the USA 23k Shares Trump: Why didn't marchers vote? 10k Shares
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 13 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest For the Record: How much longer until it's great o'clock? Will America become great again right at 12 p.m. EST Friday, or is it more of a gradual process? Post to Facebook For the Record: How much longer until it's great o'clock? Will America become great again right at 12 p.m. EST Friday, or is it more of a gradual process?  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jYTJmN {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs For the Record: How much longer until it's great o'clock? Brett McGinness , USA TODAY Published 5:26 a.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 | Updated 6:28 a.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 28 Shares CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share President-elect Donald Trump is facing backlash on Twitter. Veuer's Nick Cardona tells us what he said. Buzz60 So many questions leading up to Friday's inauguration: Will America become great again exactly at 12 p.m. EST Friday, or is it a gradual process? Will it happen once the Affordable Care Act is repealed, or do we have to wait until it's replaced? Will it happen when Mexico cuts us the check for the wall? And will those lying pollsters let us know once it's great, or do we just wait for President Trump to tell us when it's great? We don't have the answers just yet, but we do have an update on the greatest cabinet nominees ever, a great deal of new jobs in the pipeline, and a status report on the handful of European nations who want to retour a la grandeur or whatever. USA TODAY For the Record: Sign up for our politics newsletter Education nominee takes on Democrats, grizzly bears CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Betsy DeVos, President-elect Donald Trump's pick for secretary of Education, faces questions from Senator Bernie Sanders during her Senate confirmation hearing. USA TODAY NETWORK Trump's nominee for secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, defended her support for alternatives to public school as she appeared before the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee for confirmation hearings Tuesday. DeVos, a longtime advocate for private and charter schools and homeschooling, seems poised to turn the millions of nontraditionally educated students into an army of spelling bee juggernauts. “Not all schools are working for the students that are assigned to them. I’m hoping we can work together to find common ground,” DeVos told Sen. Patty Murray (D-Washington) as Murray asked DeVos not to propose funding cuts for public schools. Sen. Chris Murphy, D-Connecticut, asked DeVos about her stance on guns in schools -- and DeVos more or less said the Second Amendment protects our right to bear arms against bears: "I would imagine that there is probably a gun in the schools to protect from potential grizzlies" in places like rural Idaho. (The plan clearly is effective ... when was the last time we heard about a bear trying to attack a school? Check and mate, Sen. Murphy.) Also Tuesday, Trump's nominee for interior secretary, Ryan Zinke, is the latest nominee to break with Trump on a key issue when he said that climate change isn't a hoax. Companies learning to beat the tweet A few months ago, it was candy brands on high alert for random social media crises. Now that Trump is the president-elect, every brand is worried they'll be the next ones in @realDonaldTrump's Twitter crosshairs. On Tuesday, both General Motors and Walmart announced thousands of new jobs in the U.S. in the coming months, though GM's jobs appear to have been in the works for months, and Walmart's 10,000 new jobs are barely a blip on the radar for a company that employs 1.5 million in the U.S. Amazon far and away had the largest job announcement so far this year, vowing to create 100,000 new jobs this year. But critics say the positions are simply low-paying warehouse jobs. “Given that there’s no real news here, one certainly has to wonder if Amazon's announcement is mainly aimed at currying favor with President-elect Trump," Mitchell says. Who's gonna be great again next? British Prime Minister Theresa May waves as she arrives back at 10 Downing Street in London on Jan. 17, 2017, after delivering a Brexit speech at Lancaster House in London.  (Photo: DANIEL LEAL-OLIVAS, AFP/Getty Images) With just days until Trump's populist movement takes the reins in Washington, let's check in with populist movements across the Atlantic: United Kingdom: British Prime Minister Theresa May outlined the plans for the Brexit process, which will begin in March. Her wish list: a clean break with the EU, stronger immigration controls, a trade deal from outside the EU that looks like the one they had inside it, and continued open borders and cooperation with the Republic of Ireland. The reaction from the EU: we'll see. Germany: The country's high court refused to outlaw the populist neo-Nazi National Democratic Party, saying the movement doesn't pose a threat to the country's democracy. The party hopes to make a showing in the elections for Saarland's state legislature in March. The nationalist AfD ("Alternative for Germany") party is gaining ground in the polls in the wake of the terror attack in Berlin last month. The next election will take place before Oct. 22. Netherlands: The anti-EU, anti-immigrant PVV ("Party for Freedom") is leading the polls for March's parliamentary elections, but is just one of seven parties expected to pick up seats. It would have to form a partnership with one or more other parties to create a ruling coalition, and no one else seems willing to partner up.  Italy: Elections for a new prime minister will take place by May, with populist leader and potential front-runner Beppe Grillo steering his 5-Star Movement toward the mainstream and away from former nationalist allies. Trump supporter Matteo Salvini, who has called for tighter border controls,  is a distant third in the polls. France: French presidential elections are coming up in late April and early May. The Russian-backed populist candidate Marine Le Pen is promising immigration control, the end of free trade and a "France first" mentality ... so basically, she's France's Donald Trump. Among her opponents are Francois Fillon, a surprise winner in the primaries who warns of "Islamic totalitarianism" and wants to cut France's wealth tax ... in other words, he's France's Donald Trump. Also seeing a late surge in popularity: Emmanuel Macron, an outsider who has never held political office but has been attracting enthusiastic crowds at rallies across the nation. He's ... hm, trying to think of a good analogy here. More from transition week Pence and Trump will be the executive branch's odd couple (Indianapolis Star) Bernie Sanders starts to rally the Dems in California (Burlington Free Press) Obama commutes most of Chelsea Manning's sentence ... wait, don't gather your things yet, you still have four more months (USA TODAY) Clemency for Manning could mean Julian Assange's extradition to the US (USA TODAY) Skipping the inauguration isn't exactly a hobby for Rep. John Lewis, but this won't be the first time he's done it (USA TODAY OnPolitics) Full list of Democrats not attending the inauguration because of protests, constituent complaints, dentist visits (USA TODAY OnPolitics) U.S. abortion rate drops to lowest level since Roe v. Wade (USA TODAY) It's a yuge world after all To track Trump's business ties, Buzzfeed launched TrumpWorld, a wild ride through the 1,500 individuals and organizations in Trump's orbit. Keep your tiny hands inside the vehicle at all times. This is TrumpWorld: 1,500 organizations tied to the Trump administration https://t.co/wuBLJNC1mXpic.twitter.com/eOlyLeaJ3J— BuzzFeed News (@BuzzFeedNews) January 15, 2017 Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jYTJmN Most Popular Secret Service agent under fire after posting she wouldn't take bullet for Trump 10k Shares Trump aide Conway: Spokesman Spicer used 'alternative facts' 12k Shares Trump called Park Service over inauguration crowd photos, report says 6.3k Shares Trump criticizes Chelsea Manning for criticizing Obama 4.3k Shares Aerial images from women's marches show just how massive the turnout is around the USA 23k Shares Trump: Why didn't marchers vote? 10k Shares
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 13 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest For the Record: How much longer until it's great o'clock? Will America become great again right at 12 p.m. EST Friday, or is it more of a gradual process? Post to Facebook For the Record: How much longer until it's great o'clock? Will America become great again right at 12 p.m. EST Friday, or is it more of a gradual process?  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jYTJmN {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs For the Record: How much longer until it's great o'clock? Brett McGinness , USA TODAY Published 5:26 a.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 | Updated 6:28 a.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 28 Shares CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share President-elect Donald Trump is facing backlash on Twitter. Veuer's Nick Cardona tells us what he said. Buzz60 So many questions leading up to Friday's inauguration: Will America become great again exactly at 12 p.m. EST Friday, or is it a gradual process? Will it happen once the Affordable Care Act is repealed, or do we have to wait until it's replaced? Will it happen when Mexico cuts us the check for the wall? And will those lying pollsters let us know once it's great, or do we just wait for President Trump to tell us when it's great? We don't have the answers just yet, but we do have an update on the greatest cabinet nominees ever, a great deal of new jobs in the pipeline, and a status report on the handful of European nations who want to retour a la grandeur or whatever. USA TODAY For the Record: Sign up for our politics newsletter Education nominee takes on Democrats, grizzly bears CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Betsy DeVos, President-elect Donald Trump's pick for secretary of Education, faces questions from Senator Bernie Sanders during her Senate confirmation hearing. USA TODAY NETWORK Trump's nominee for secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, defended her support for alternatives to public school as she appeared before the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee for confirmation hearings Tuesday. DeVos, a longtime advocate for private and charter schools and homeschooling, seems poised to turn the millions of nontraditionally educated students into an army of spelling bee juggernauts. “Not all schools are working for the students that are assigned to them. I’m hoping we can work together to find common ground,” DeVos told Sen. Patty Murray (D-Washington) as Murray asked DeVos not to propose funding cuts for public schools. Sen. Chris Murphy, D-Connecticut, asked DeVos about her stance on guns in schools -- and DeVos more or less said the Second Amendment protects our right to bear arms against bears: "I would imagine that there is probably a gun in the schools to protect from potential grizzlies" in places like rural Idaho. (The plan clearly is effective ... when was the last time we heard about a bear trying to attack a school? Check and mate, Sen. Murphy.) Also Tuesday, Trump's nominee for interior secretary, Ryan Zinke, is the latest nominee to break with Trump on a key issue when he said that climate change isn't a hoax. Companies learning to beat the tweet A few months ago, it was candy brands on high alert for random social media crises. Now that Trump is the president-elect, every brand is worried they'll be the next ones in @realDonaldTrump's Twitter crosshairs. On Tuesday, both General Motors and Walmart announced thousands of new jobs in the U.S. in the coming months, though GM's jobs appear to have been in the works for months, and Walmart's 10,000 new jobs are barely a blip on the radar for a company that employs 1.5 million in the U.S. Amazon far and away had the largest job announcement so far this year, vowing to create 100,000 new jobs this year. But critics say the positions are simply low-paying warehouse jobs. “Given that there’s no real news here, one certainly has to wonder if Amazon's announcement is mainly aimed at currying favor with President-elect Trump," Mitchell says. Who's gonna be great again next? British Prime Minister Theresa May waves as she arrives back at 10 Downing Street in London on Jan. 17, 2017, after delivering a Brexit speech at Lancaster House in London.  (Photo: DANIEL LEAL-OLIVAS, AFP/Getty Images) With just days until Trump's populist movement takes the reins in Washington, let's check in with populist movements across the Atlantic: United Kingdom: British Prime Minister Theresa May outlined the plans for the Brexit process, which will begin in March. Her wish list: a clean break with the EU, stronger immigration controls, a trade deal from outside the EU that looks like the one they had inside it, and continued open borders and cooperation with the Republic of Ireland. The reaction from the EU: we'll see. Germany: The country's high court refused to outlaw the populist neo-Nazi National Democratic Party, saying the movement doesn't pose a threat to the country's democracy. The party hopes to make a showing in the elections for Saarland's state legislature in March. The nationalist AfD ("Alternative for Germany") party is gaining ground in the polls in the wake of the terror attack in Berlin last month. The next election will take place before Oct. 22. Netherlands: The anti-EU, anti-immigrant PVV ("Party for Freedom") is leading the polls for March's parliamentary elections, but is just one of seven parties expected to pick up seats. It would have to form a partnership with one or more other parties to create a ruling coalition, and no one else seems willing to partner up.  Italy: Elections for a new prime minister will take place by May, with populist leader and potential front-runner Beppe Grillo steering his 5-Star Movement toward the mainstream and away from former nationalist allies. Trump supporter Matteo Salvini, who has called for tighter border controls,  is a distant third in the polls. France: French presidential elections are coming up in late April and early May. The Russian-backed populist candidate Marine Le Pen is promising immigration control, the end of free trade and a "France first" mentality ... so basically, she's France's Donald Trump. Among her opponents are Francois Fillon, a surprise winner in the primaries who warns of "Islamic totalitarianism" and wants to cut France's wealth tax ... in other words, he's France's Donald Trump. Also seeing a late surge in popularity: Emmanuel Macron, an outsider who has never held political office but has been attracting enthusiastic crowds at rallies across the nation. He's ... hm, trying to think of a good analogy here. More from transition week Pence and Trump will be the executive branch's odd couple (Indianapolis Star) Bernie Sanders starts to rally the Dems in California (Burlington Free Press) Obama commutes most of Chelsea Manning's sentence ... wait, don't gather your things yet, you still have four more months (USA TODAY) Clemency for Manning could mean Julian Assange's extradition to the US (USA TODAY) Skipping the inauguration isn't exactly a hobby for Rep. John Lewis, but this won't be the first time he's done it (USA TODAY OnPolitics) Full list of Democrats not attending the inauguration because of protests, constituent complaints, dentist visits (USA TODAY OnPolitics) U.S. abortion rate drops to lowest level since Roe v. Wade (USA TODAY) It's a yuge world after all To track Trump's business ties, Buzzfeed launched TrumpWorld, a wild ride through the 1,500 individuals and organizations in Trump's orbit. Keep your tiny hands inside the vehicle at all times. This is TrumpWorld: 1,500 organizations tied to the Trump administration https://t.co/wuBLJNC1mXpic.twitter.com/eOlyLeaJ3J— BuzzFeed News (@BuzzFeedNews) January 15, 2017 Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jYTJmN Most Popular Secret Service agent under fire after posting she wouldn't take bullet for Trump 10k Shares Trump aide Conway: Spokesman Spicer used 'alternative facts' 12k Shares Trump called Park Service over inauguration crowd photos, report says 6.3k Shares Trump criticizes Chelsea Manning for criticizing Obama 4.3k Shares Aerial images from women's marches show just how massive the turnout is around the USA 23k Shares Trump: Why didn't marchers vote? 10k Shares
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Household, Consumer & Cosmetics | Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Pharmaceuticals | New Products & Services Moberg Pharma Expands New Skin Retail Presence STOCKHOLM, Sweden, Jan 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Moberg Pharma AB (OMX: MOB) today announced that the New Skin® Spray SKU will be sold in 3,900 Walmart stores and in over 1,500 Walgreens stores. Opening orders expected to ship in mid-March. New Skin® was aquired from Prestige Brands, Inc. In July 2016. New Skin® is the #1 OTC liquid bandage brand in the U.S. It is an antiseptic which kills germs and dries rapidly to form a clear protective cover. New Skin® Spray will be sold in approximately 3,900 Walmart locations and 1,500 Walgreens locationsacross the U.S. New Skin® is already listed in several leading retailers including CVS, Rite Aid and Target. Visit www.newskinproducts.com for more information.   "We see excellent opportunities to build on the brand equity of New Skin®.  This a market leading brand with exciting prospects for growth, as shown with the increased distribution", said Jeff Vernimb, GM of Moberg Pharma North America. About this information This information is information that Moberg Pharma AB is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication, through the agency of the contact person set out above, at 8.30 a.m. CET on January 18th, 2017.  For additional information, please contact: Peter Wolpert, CEO, Phone: +46-707-35-71-35, E-mail: peter.wolpert@mobergpharma.se Anna Ljung, CFO, Phone: +46-707-66-60-30, E-mail: anna.ljung@mobergpharma.se Jeff Vernimb, GM Moberg Pharma North America, Phone: +1 (908) 420-9492, E-mail: jvernimb@mobergpharma.com This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com http://news.cision.com/moberg-pharma/r/moberg-pharma-expands-new-skin-retail-presence,c2168296 The following files are available for download: http://mb.cision.com/Main/1662/2168296/615620.pdf Moberg Pharma expands New Skin retail presence   SOURCE Moberg Pharma More by this Source Moberg Pharma Completes Acquisition of DermoPlast From Prestige Brands 31 Dec, 2016, 15:59 GMT Change in Number of Shares and Votes in Moberg Pharma 30 Dec, 2016, 07:43 GMT Moberg Pharma Completes Divestment of PediaCare for $5.6 Million 20 Dec, 2016, 08:05 GMT View all news by Moberg Pharma Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Household, Consumer & Cosmetics News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Budget newsDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Budget 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise PRESENTING SPONSOR CO-SPONSOR PARTNERS Home » Opinion Last Modified: Wed, Jan 18 2017. 12 39 PM IST General Motors, Walmart are already aboard Donald Trump’s jobs train Dealing with Donald Trump’s Twitter rants is a new phenomenon for US companies. For many of his favourite targets, creating jobs isn’t Subscribe to our newsletter. Brooke Sutherland Walmart celebrated the planned addition of 10,000 retail jobs, even as it expands its store count at a slower pace. Photo: AFP New York: General Motors (GM) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. on Tuesday became the latest corporations to talk up the part they’re playing in the president-elect’s plan to become “the greatest jobs producer that God ever created.” GM largely just summed up US spending plans that had been in the works for a while, but it did so with panache, touting a $1 billion headline number and pledging to create or retain (emphasis on retain) about 7,000 jobs. Only about 2,000 of those will be in factories. Walmart, meanwhile, celebrated the planned addition of 10,000 retail jobs, even as it expands its store count at a slower pace. Walmart and GM aren’t the first companies to retool past plans into a good PR moment. Honestly, given how easily companies can turn Trump’s ire into praise with a few “big league” numbers, more power to them. This time two weeks ago, Trump was openly attacking GM on Twitter, claiming (without context, according to the company) that it made Chevrolet Cruze vehicles sold in the US in Mexico. By midday on Tuesday, Trump had already tweeted his thanks to the company. Moving on! These are real jobs that are being preserved or created, and that is a good thing. But while such announcements have taken on new meaning in the wake of Tweet Storm Trump, GM and Wal-Mart have been making them since well before he came along and neither company is demonstrating a significant shift in strategy. Here is a sampling. In August 2014, GM said it would move production of the Cadillac SRX sport-utility vehicle from Mexico to a Tennessee facility. A contract signed in 2015 with the United Auto Workers union included a commitment by GM to invest $8.3 billion in U.S. factories in total and create or retain (there’s that word again) more than 3,300 jobs. GM has also cut a number of jobs, often in response to shifting demand but the net effect on US employment in the wake of the financial crisis has been positive. GM says it’s invested more than $21 billion in its US operations since 2009. The planned $1 billion in spending actually pales in comparison to the $2.9 billion of investments announced in 2016. Walmart, like most retailers, has had to close stores to cope with the shift to online shopping, and with that has come job cuts. But the company has still managed to keep its overall US employment flat to trending upward following the financial crisis. A Sam’s Club opening in Ankeny, Iowa, in May 2015 brought 160 jobs to the area, while a location in El Paso that opened earlier that year added 170 positions. Neither of those sound particularly impressive on their own, but those jobs add up over time. Then, of course, there is Walmart’s decision to raise minimum wages for its employees. There are real issues undermining an American manufacturing revival and focusing on nice-sounding jobs announcements keeps us from addressing them. While Trump has spent plenty of time railing against companies that manufacture goods in Mexico, he’s failed to give a solid answer as to how he will manage an ongoing effort to automate more factory work. United Technologies Corp. CEO Greg Hayes acknowledged as much after “saving” 800 positions at the company’s Carrier unit. The automation trend was implicit in the fact that Ford Motor Co.’s $700 million Michigan investment plan will create just 700 jobs. Meanwhile, Carrier is still moving some jobs to Mexico and GM hasn’t backed away from its plan to invest $5 billion in Mexico plants by 2018. Companies know how to play the job-creation and press-release games. Does Trump? Bloomberg Brooke Sutherland Topics: Donald TrumpGMjobsWalmartjob cuts More From Livemint READ MORE Reliance Group and Dassault’s joint venture gets CCI approval Mahyco Monsanto asks Delhi HC to hear case on price control of Bt cotton seeds Colgate-Palmolive Q3 net profit declines 22.58% to Rs128 crore First Published: Wed, Jan 18 2017. 12 23 PM IST Editor's Picks Why we should be wary of ‘viral’ narratives about economic policy BSE listing: Sebi sets process to address potential conflict A portrait of a soldier’s wife Latest News Reliance Group and Dassault’s joint venture gets CCI approval Mahyco Monsanto asks Delhi HC to hear case on price control of Bt cotton seeds Colgate-Palmolive Q3 net profit declines 22.58% to Rs128 crore Demonetisation in-principle was good, but didn’t work: Bimal Jalan Aditya Birla Group to invest Rs7,000 crore in Andhra Pradesh over next two years Mint On Sunday How India chased off the run-chase blues Why Kamaraj does not have to wake up early this year The humanity of intelligence Dangal: Do we celebrate a father like this? A sushi master’s five simple rules for not embarrassing yourself Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Budget 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 2711 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Orlando police: Accused police killer Markeith Loyd captured Man accused of killing an Orlando police officer and his pregnant ex-girlfriend caught. Post to Facebook  Orlando police: Accused police killer Markeith Loyd captured Man accused of killing an Orlando police officer and his pregnant ex-girlfriend caught.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k2zA36 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 47 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Orlando police: Accused police killer Markeith Loyd captured USA Today Network J.D. Gallop, Florida Today Published 7:49 p.m. ET Jan. 17, 2017 | Updated 10:30 p.m. ET Jan. 17, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Orlando police say they have captured 41-year-old Markeith Loyd after a weeklong manhunt. Loyd is suspected of fatally shooting Sgt. Debra Clayton in January and killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. USA TODAY NETWORK Markeith Loyd (Photo: CONTRIBUTED PHOTO BY ORLANDO POLICE) MELBOURNE, Fla. — Markeith Loyd, a fugitive who eluded police for nine days after authorities said he shot killed an Orlando police officer in a Walmart parking lot, was captured late Tuesday. The arrest brings to a close one of the largest manhunts in recent memory for central Florida. "We are extremely grateful," Orlando Police Chief John Mina said during a televised press conference. "There's some great police work that got this cop killer off the street," he said crediting what he called "great police work." Loyd, seen on a televised video with what appeared to be a swollen eye, was led into the Orlando police department headquarters Tuesday night. CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Orlando police announced the capture of Markeith Loyd, who is accused of fatally shooting his pregnant ex-girlfriend and an Orlando police officer. WKMG News 6 Orlando "They beat me up," Loyd was heard saying three times during the perp walk. He was already wanted on murder charges in connection with the Dec. 13 shooting death of his 24-year-old pregnant girlfriend, Sade Dixon. He faces multiple charges, including two counts of first degree murder in connection with the deaths of his girlfriend and her unborn child. Other charges are pending in the police shooting. USA TODAY Texas police officer shot, killed; suspect dies in standoff Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted, "Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs." Clayton was promoted posthumously to the rank of lieutenant. The high-profile capture came the same day the 41-year-old was added to the U.S. Marshal's office most-wanted list and when authorities bolstered a reward to $125,000. Police, including state and federal agents, had closed in on an abandoned home — not far from the home of Clayton's mother's house — about 7 p.m. ET Tuesday in the Carver Shores neighborhood where Loyd was staying. At one point Loyd tried to flee the residence by leaving through a sliding glass door. He was confronted by officers and quickly ran inside. He later came out of the home wearing body armor and tossing down two guns, including a Glock handgun fitted with a hundred-round drum, Mina said. "Honestly, I thought this might end up in a different situation," the chief said, adding that Loyd did have what he described as minor facial injuries as he resisted officers WATCH LIVE: @OrangeCoSheriff speaking now at news conference: https://t.co/f6f4yrOOiI FB: https://t.co/HqXqXoZH7Lpic.twitter.com/wgcUbDGytb— WFTV Eyewitness News (@WFTV) January 18, 2017 Mina said officers tracked Loyd to the residence and did not receive any tips leading to the arrest. It also comes after a weekend of highly charged emotions stemming from the funeral services held for Clayton — whose Jan. 9 shooting death was at the center of renewed efforts to find Loyd — and Orange County sheriff's deputy Norman Lewis. Lewis was killed in a traffic collision during a search for Loyd in the hours following the deadly shooting. The funerals drew several hundred law enforcement agents from around the state and nation. Authorities tweeted news of Loyd's capture following numerous tips across Florida, including Titusville, where an alert was issued briefly over the weekend after an unconfirmed sighting. It was not Loyd, however. Police said Loyd shot Clayton during a confrontation at a Walmart parking lot. Clayton was tipped off the same morning that the wanted fugitive was at the retail store. Police said Loyd ran, then fired a shot at the officer. Clayton returned fire but didn't hit the suspect and was fatally wounded. Mina later said Loyd, wearing a bulletproof vest and a shirt that read 'Security,' fled the scene, shooting at another law enforcement agent. SWAT team crews roamed Orange County, searching for potential hiding spots. The police department had already been actively searching for Loyd since mid-December when he was named as a suspect in the shooting death of his girlfriend. The search for Loyd in the aftermath of the officers' death garnered national attention in addition to bringing federal, state and local authorities together for the manhunt. Clayton, 42, was a "committed" officer and "a hero" who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-age son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. "She was always the first to step up and help kids," the chief said. A 17-year veteran of the force, Clayton supervised a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and previously worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. Loyd could go before a judge Wednesday for a hearing on any charges. Contributing: The Associated Press 2711 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 47 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k2zA36 NEVER MISS OUT The Short List Let us bring the headlines to you every night. Stay current and catch up on the biggest stories of the day. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE The Short List NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1927 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Share 179 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-27 Super Bowl 51 Commercials: Coen Brothers Pay Homage To ‘Easy Rider’ In Mercedes-Benz Ad [Video] Entertainment 2017-01-26 ‘Fairy Tail – Dragon Cry’ Movie Artwork And Script Page Reveal Plot? Hand-Drawn Illustrations Suggests Japanese Animated Film May Explore Natsu’s Origin Story Entertainment 2017-01-25 Trailer For Selena Gomez’s Netflix Series ’13 Reasons Why,’ Plus The Netflix Series You’re Missing Entertainment 2017-01-25 Aaron Sorkin’s Embarrassment At ‘Man-Boy’ Donald Trump ‘Exacting Twitter Vengeance’ News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-01-27 Pence Speaks At March For Life: ‘Life Is Winning’ News 2017-01-27 Insane Clown Posse Set Date For Official Juggalo March On Washington Protesting FBI Gang Designation Opinion 2017-01-27 ‘Torturer And Murderer’ Donna Hylton Women’s March Speech Infuriates Conservatives Over So-Called Liberal Hypocrisy News 2017-01-27 Trump Twitter: Gmail Account Linked Posed Social Media Security Threat To POTUS Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE News: Bill Goldberg Calls AJ Styles, Sasha Banks Bright Stars For Future Of WWE Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE News: Kota Ibushi To Be A Surprise ‘Royal Rumble’ Entrant? Basketball 2017-01-27 NBA Trade Rumors: Knicks’ Carmelo Anthony, Bulls’ Rajon Rondo, And Mavericks’ Andrew Bogut Latest News Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE Rumors: Top Five Rumored ‘WrestleMania 33’ Matches That Will Come Out Of Sunday’s ‘Royal Rumble’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Lifestyle 2017-01-16 Kate Middleton’s Ring Becomes More Popular Than Ever! Foreign Buyers Queue To Get Replicas Of The Sapphire Diamond Jewelry Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-26 Planned Parenthood: IUD Insertions Up 900 Percent After Trump’s Election Health 2017-01-22 Heartburn Or Heart Attack — Do You Know When To Seek Help? Health 2017-01-22 2016-2017 Flu Season: Health Experts Expect More Severe Influenza Cases Than Last Year Health 2017-01-22 The One Birth Control Method That’s Cost-Effective And Over The Counter Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2017-01-27 Facebook And Google Join Fight Against Fake News Sites Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Avengers’ Game Release Date Nearing, ‘The Avengers Project’ To Be Published By Square Enix Science 2017-01-27 Organ Transplant Breakthrough: Scientists Create First Human-Animal Chimera Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Jan. 27, Near Perfect Graviton Forfeit BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Migos To Replace Lady Gaga At Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show? ‘Culture’ Rappers Have Petition Backing The Cause BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Author George RR Martin To Release New Writing In 2017 ‘Book Of Swords’ BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Eddie Redmayne Set To Narrate ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Audiobook BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 ‘Star Wars’ Edits: Mark Hamill Says He Begged George Lucas To Remove Dialogue From ‘A New Hope’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Alleged Cop Killer Markeith Loyd Captured By Police — Loyd Claims ‘They Beat Me Up’ When Being Taken Into Custody News 179 0 0 January 17, 2017 Alleged Cop Killer Markeith Loyd Captured By Police — Loyd Claims ‘They Beat Me Up’ When Being Taken Into Custody Danny Cox After a long manhunt, alleged cop killer Markeith Loyd has been captured by the Orlando Police Department and is now in custody. His capture came late on Tuesday evening after he was said to have “made a mistake” of some kind. Not much is known yet about how exactly he was found and brought into custody. He was indeed arrested and even detained in the handcuffs of the late Lt. Debra Clayton, who Loyd is accused of shooting and killing, but was he beaten up by the police? We’ve got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD ICustody. Details to come. Media: stand by for details on press conference. pic.twitter.com/SVjFUEvNak — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 WESH has confirmed that the manhunt is over for Markeith Loyd who was wanted after allegedly shooting and killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend back in December. Just last week, he allegedly shot and killed Lt. Debra Clayton during a shootout at an Orlando Walmart. As Loyd was being brought into the Orlando Police Department, reporters were on the scene and watching him taken into the building. Reporters began yelling questions at him and asking him what happened, and that was when he yelled back, “They beat me up!” BREAKING: Accused cop killer Markeith Loyd taken into OPD, yelled out “they beat me up.” @WFTV pic.twitter.com/vWzDooKgMV — Lauren Seabrook (@LSeabrookWFTV) January 18, 2017 Anyone watching the video above can see that the left-hand side of Markeith Loyd’s face does look swollen and his eye even appears to be closed. Nothing is known as to how those injuries may have occurred or when he received them. The day of the shooting at the Walmart, the Orlando Police Department offered a reward of $60,000 for any information leading to his arrest. Days later, the reward was raised to $100,000. On Tuesday, the reward was raised again to $125,000, and local news reports state that within six hours of his arrest, a tip came in that led police to his location. Markeith Loyd brought in face bloodied – still had body armor on – yelling they beat me up @WFTV — Martha Sugalski (@MarthaSugalski) January 18, 2017 Here’s a close up picture of Markeith Loyd shortly after his arrest. You can see blood & a swollen eye. #WFTV pic.twitter.com/RSXlzJXcQg — Cuthbert Langley (@CLangleyWFTV) January 18, 2017 Immediately, the internet began reacting to Markeith Loyd’s capture, and it wasn’t necessarily favorable for a man that is accused of shooting and killing an Orlando Police Officer. I’ve seen Markeith’s face. I’m not a doctor, but I think he’s suffering from something known as JUSTICE. #MarkeithLoyd — Nick Dennis (@_NickD) January 18, 2017 Here’s a look at Markeith Loyd as he was taken to @OrlandoPolice HQ. Said, “They beat me up.” I bet they did. pic.twitter.com/O5W5BwIhu0 — Justin Warmoth (@JustinWarmoth) January 18, 2017 Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs. https://t.co/NDzzczUqK6 — Chief John Mina (@ChiefJohnMina) January 18, 2017 Click Orlando reported that Markeith Loyd was taken into custody with very little resistance and that there was “no further bloodshed” in his arrest. Social media is running wild with comments and pictures of Loyd being taken into custody, and the majority of them are focusing on his face. ————————————————————- UPDATE at 8:35 p.m ET: During the press conference by the Orlando Police Department, it was revealed that Markeith Loyd did attempt to flee upon being found at a home. Upon trying to escape out the back, police confronted him, he went back into the home, and then exited out the front. Police state that he resisted arrest and his face was “banged up” a little, but Chief John Mina said, “they look minor to me.” Markeith Loyd did have two handguns in his possession upon being arrested, and one gun had a high-capacity drum which could hold up to 100 rounds. These are the guns Markeith Loyd had in his possession when he was captured. That a high-capacity drum which holds up to 100 rounds. pic.twitter.com/PDOV6XIyFn — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Chief John Mina also stated that it was not a tip that led to the capture of Loyd, but it was simply “great police work.” Over the course of the past month, three people have been accused of helping Markeith Loyd avoid police and evade capture since he allegedly shot and killed 24-year-old Sade Dixon in Pine Hills, Florida. Since then, Zarghee Mayan, one of the people accused of helping him, told police that Loyd has been wearing a bulletproof vest since December. It has been a long week and month as the manhunt has continued on, but there is plenty of relief in Orlando on Tuesday evening as Markeith Loyd has been captured. Chief John Mina just as Markeith Loyd taken into OPD headquarters @WFTV pic.twitter.com/8bUWRKp4c2 — Daralene Jones (@DJonesWFTV) January 18, 2017 After a week-long manhunt for an alleged cop killer, Markeith Loyd has been captured and is currently in the custody of the Orlando Police Department. As for the police officers who took him into custody, they were more than pleased to arrest him and detain him in the handcuffs of the late Lt. Debra Clayton. Now, there is a long road ahead to find out all the information and motive behind these killings which will eventually lead to a trial, but will issues arise over Loyd’s claims that the police beat him up? [Featured Image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Doomsday Clock Moved Closer To Midnight Now Read This: Pence Speaks At March For Life: ‘Life Is Winning’ [Opinion] Share 179 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Danny Cox Tags: debra clayton handcuffs, lt. debra clayton, markeith loy, markeith loyd beat up January 27, 2017 A Dog’s Purpose Review Roundup: Did Controversy Mar Critics’ Opinions? January 26, 2017 ‘Donnie Darko 3’ Release Date Being Planned With Original Director, Could Be Years Away Comments LATEST HEADLINES Vicki Gunvalson And Kelly Dodd Will Reportedly Return To ‘RHOC’ For Season 12 NBA Trade Rumors: DeMarcus Cousins And Paul George To Lakers, D’Angelo Russell And Julius Randle To Kings, Brandon Ingram, Jordan Clarkson, And Nick Young To Pacers Celine Dion Is Coming To ‘The Voice’ As A Mentor For Returning Judge Gwen Stefani [Video] WWE News: Bill Goldberg Calls AJ Styles, Sasha Banks Bright Stars For Future Of WWE No, Mariah Carey Is Not Engaged To Back Up Dancer Bryan Tanaka [Debunked] ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ Director Rian Johnson Reveals Episode VIII’s Unusual Influences Charlotte McKinney Considers Breast Reduction: ‘I Was Called A S**T’ For Large Breasts Kim Kardashian’s Stolen Jewelry Is Rumored To Help Fund Terrorism [Debunked] Kodak Black Sex Tape: Insiders Worry That Explicit Video Live-Streamed To Instagram Could Ruin Rapper’s Career Kylie Jenner Set To Open NYC Pop Up Shop, Release Valentine’s Lip Kits Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories WWE News: The Reason Goldberg’s Head Was Bleeding — What Happened With Goldberg, The Undertaker, And Brock Lesnar After ‘Raw’ Went Off The Air? 26.8k 0 0 Justice Democrats: Cenk Uygur, The Young Turks, Progressives Launch Party Takeover 6.4k 0 0 Jon Voight Accuses Miley Cyrus, Shia LaBeouf Of Treason For Opposing Trump, Calls Women’s March ‘Destructive’ 4.2k 0 0 Six Journalists Face Felony Charges After Covering Inauguration Riots 3.5k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 74.7k 0 0 NFL Rumors: Could The Green Bay Packers Target Alshon Jeffery In Free Agency? 2.4k 0 0 Recent Videos News Israel Plans To Decriminalize Marijuana Politics Mexican President Offers Friendship To U.S., But Not Border Wall News Trump Moving Forward With Mexico Border Wall Politics C.I.A. Black Sites Could Reopen With Trump Executive Order Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News World CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video World Photo Galleries Orlando police say man accused of killing officer in custody U.S. Marshals Service had just added Markeith Loyd, 41, to its list of most wanted fugitives The Associated Press Posted: Jan 17, 2017 8:37 PM ET Last Updated: Jan 18, 2017 12:56 AM ET Orlando Police Department officer Debra Clayton, left, was killed in a Walmart parking lot. Police say the suspect Markeith Loyd, right, is now in custody. (Orlando Police Department via Reuters) Orlando officer's flag-draped coffin 0:30 Orlando officer's flag-draped coffin 0:30 Related Stories Orlando officer's flag-draped coffin 'He will be brought to justice': Orlando manhunt continues after police officer killed The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando police Chief John Mina said Markeith Loyd, 41, was flushed out of an abandoned house and taken into custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd with a bloodied face as a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Mina tweeted, "Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs." Massive manhunt continues in Orlando after police officer killed VIDEO Orlando officer's flag-draped coffin Loyd was wearing body armor and carrying two handguns — one equipped with a 100-round magazine — when he surrendered after a SWAT team surrounded the house in western Orlando, Mina said at a news conference. He said Loyd resisted arrest and had some facial injuries that were being treated. Mina denied rumours that the arrest was the result of an anonymous tip, saying that Loyd was captured by the tireless efforts of law enforcement. "They've basically been living in their vehicles, using the bathroom in their vehicles, to try and do everything they could to bring justice for the Dixon family and for the Clayton family," Mina said. Before the officer's shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. Clayton had been tipped off that he was in the area while she was at the store and was shot when she approached Loyd, who then fled. Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs. https://t.co/NDzzczUqK6— @ChiefJohnMina Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said at the news conference that the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. "I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point," Demings said. "They will sleep better knowing tonight that... this maniac is off the streets." Demings said Loyd would be charged with two counts of first-degree murder in Dixon's death last month. Loyd will also face one count of attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault with a firearm related to the shooting of Dixon's brother and threats against other relatives. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd's ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn't know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to associates of his. "Anyone who harboured, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him," Mina said. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 US reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD ICustody. Details to come. Media: stand by for details on press conference. pic.twitter.com/SVjFUEvNak— @OrlandoPolice © The Associated Press, 2017 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Latest Video Trump: 'I think Brexit is going to be a wonderful thing' 0:54 ​Trump: 'I have great respect for Mexico' 1:10 Trump: 'We will see what happens' 0:36 Kellyanne Conway: 'decisive actions' that 'will further this conversation and this cause' 0:09 Most Viewed Trump's 1st week reshapes U.S. relationship with Canada Tax on Mexican imports among a 'buffet of options' to fund border wall: White House read comments Trump overstates inauguration crowd as Women's March appears to draw bigger turnout read comments Trump issues executive orders to build Mexican border wall, freeze out 'sanctuary' cities Trump fulfils 'Day 1' vows with 3 executive orders in preview of agenda reset read comments Trump's 'great wall': How much will it cost? Who's paying? Trump calls protests 'a hallmark of our democracy' in toned-down response to marches read comments 'He wants Americans to love him': Trump biographers on what kind of president he'll be read comments Trump's sweeping executive order bars all Syrian refugees from entering U.S. Defeated Gambian leader Yahya Jammeh made off with government money, luxury cars Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Don't Miss Domestic violence penalties rolled back in Russia Updated Trump's sweeping executive order bars all Syrian refugees from entering U.S. Searching for a Canadian soldier: Belgian woman makes last-ditch effort to find her father Air Miles quietly drops value of some points, angering collectors Struggling HMV Canada goes into receivership Actress who saved man's life at gym says staff, bystanders did nothing GM axing 625 jobs at Ontario plant, shifting some production to Mexico Take my class, Indigenous studies prof tells Manitoba premier after 'racist' comments Trump reaffirms 'unshakable commitment' to NATO, British PM says What Trump has done in his first 7 days as U.S. president 'Like a robot screaming in my ear:' composer spreads the word on sudden deafness UBC, McGill, U of Montreal pull advertisements from Breitbart News Federal government in the red for $12.7B in first eight months of 2016-17 fiscal year A Toronto man is killed in a British town and his grieving family wants answers Nova Scotia's teachers to return to work-to-rule on Monday, says union Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS News UK World Politics Science Entertainment Pictures Investigations Brexit More Telegraph News Suspect in Florida police officer's killing captured after weeklong manhunt Markeith Loyd was arrested over the killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store Credit: Reuters Associated Press 18 January 2017 • 2:31am A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured on Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. The Orlando Police Department tweeted on Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the January 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd had a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD ICustody. Details to come. Media: stand by for details on press conference. pic.twitter.com/SVjFUEvNak— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted: "Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs." Before Clayton's shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. These are Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs. Markeith Loyd was placed in these when he was arrested. pic.twitter.com/3TKs9nw2lu— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd's ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. Markeith Loyd was wearing body armor when he was apprehended. And had these guns in his possession. pic.twitter.com/T0AfzZibmA— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 While at the Wal-Mart store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the car park and he filed multiple shots at her. She was wearing body armour, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Investigators found clothing belonging to Loyd that suggested Clayton returned fire after she was shot but that a bulletproof vest protected the suspect. OPD @ChiefJohnMina talks about the tradition of putting the fallen officer's handcuffs on their killer. pic.twitter.com/TrkxvEEVL8— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy's SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff's office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff's office said. About the guns in Markeith Loyd's possession: pic.twitter.com/yNO0CQSn3I— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The US Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives on Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Just after Loyd was apprehended, OPD @ChiefJohnMina called Lt. Debra Clayton's husband to tell him the news. pic.twitter.com/7Q84szDHDK— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Clayton, 42, was a "committed" officer and "a hero" who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. "She was always the first to step up and help kids," the chief said. A 17-year veteran of the force, Clayton supervised a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and previously worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. "She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community," Rolon said. Follow Telegraph News READ MORE ABOUT: USA Crime Guns in the USA Police Show more News latest 28 Jan 2017, 12:49am Anger as Melania Trump featured on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover amid crisis over border wall 28 Jan 2017, 12:23am English Heritage faces High Court battle over plans to dig underneath medieval tower to add visitor centre 27 Jan 2017, 11:56pm Big game-hunting Harley Street doctor jailed after faking invoices worth almost £200,000  27 Jan 2017, 11:42pm 'Look what happens when Melania dances with a Hispanic' 27 Jan 2017, 11:33pm Berlin mayor pleads with Donald Trump not to build wall with Mexico 27 Jan 2017, 11:22pm Who will Donald Trump nominate for the Supreme Court? Runners and riders 27 Jan 2017, 11:07pm Donald Trump announces vetting measures to 'keep terrorists out of the United States' 27 Jan 2017, 10:59pm Who is Nikki Haley, America's next ambassador to the United Nations? 18:10 27 Jan 2017, 10:48pm Live Donald Trump tells Theresa May: 'Brexit is going to be a wonderful thing for your country' as two leaders hold hands at White House 01:25 27 Jan 2017, 10:45pm When is Chinese New Year 2017 - the year of the Rooster? 27 Jan 2017, 10:20pm Theresa May and Donald Trump prove opposites can attract as UK and US leaders usher in new era of special relationship  27 Jan 2017, 10:00pm 'Serious public debate' needed on soldier mercy killings, Frederick Forsyth says 27 Jan 2017, 10:00pm Stressed GPs to be offered therapy to prevent burnout as pressures mount 27 Jan 2017, 9:52pm Vladimir Putin summons top advisors ahead of call with Donald Trump  Gallery 27 Jan 2017, 9:43pm Gallery: Celebrity Big Brother 2017: Jedward join James Jordan and Callum Best in the house 27 Jan 2017, 9:40pm 'We are taking names': Donald Trump's ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley warns opponents of US policy 27 Jan 2017, 9:30pm Prince Charles complains Brexit 'obsession' has stifled debate on Christian persecution 27 Jan 2017, 9:30pm Mystery death of ex-KGB chief linked to MI6 spy's dossier on Donald Trump 27 Jan 2017, 9:00pm Government sat on database of 270,000 scam victims for two years without helping them 27 Jan 2017, 8:45pm Comment: No, £146 per patient is not enough: it’s time for GPs to charge fees Prit Buttar 27 Jan 2017, 8:34pm Comment: Theresa May and Donald Trump confer legitimacy on each other Tim Stanley Premium If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2017 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Fugitive wanted in Orlando officer's fatal shooting captured orlando.jpg This undated file photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd, a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. (Orlando Police Department via AP, File) Print Email The Associated Press By The Associated Press The Associated Press on January 17, 2017 at 8:18 PM, updated January 17, 2017 at 8:49 PM comments ORLANDO, Fla. -- A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night (Jan. 17) that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd had a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted, "Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs." Before Clayton's shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd's ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. While at the Wal-Mart store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he filed multiple shots at her. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Investigators found clothing belonging to Loyd that suggested Clayton returned fire after she was shot but that a bulletproof vest protected the suspect. A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy's SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff's office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff's office said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Clayton, 42, was a "committed" officer and "a hero" who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. "She was always the first to step up and help kids," the chief said. follow us Twitter Facebook LInkedIn Google+ Pinterest Tumblr special report The New Orleans Gun Pipeline An exploration of the complex, violent ecosystem that keeps New Orleans criminals armed. Follow continuing coverage » Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries 2016 murder count 0 Latest Incident: 2016 map of N.O homicides Active Discussions About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 39° F Broken Clouds Hi: 45° F Lo: 33° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Florida airport shooting suspect indicted on 22 counts Updated: 1 min ago A federal grand jury returned a 22-count indictment against the man accused of a shooting rampage at a South Florida airport that left five … Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she’ll vote against Betsy DeVos Updated: 25 mins ago Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she’ll vote against Betsy DeVos, President Donald Trump’s nominee for education secretary. NASA opens exhibit on 50th anniversary of Apollo 1 fire 8:30 pm Groton PD: Known heroin dealer arrested 6:57 pm Second arrest made in murder investigation of TJ Allen 8:15 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 39° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 35° F Wind: W 6 Humidity: 53% Dewpoint: 23° F Sunrise: 7:06 AM Sunset: 5:02 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 39° F Broken Clouds Hi: 45° F Lo: 33° F Police: Fugitive wanted in officer’s fatal shooting captured By Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 9:00 pm Updated: January 18, 2017, 6:27 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Markeith Loyd is escorted out of the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Related Coverage Suspect in fatal shooting of officer has lengthy record Slain Orlando officer responded to Pulse nightclub massacre Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Deputy killed while pursuing Orlando suspect ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd had a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted, “Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs.” Before Clayton’s shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd’s ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. While at the Wal-Mart store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he filed multiple shots at her. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Investigators found clothing belonging to Loyd that suggested Clayton returned fire after she was shot but that a bulletproof vest protected the suspect. A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy’s SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff’s office said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff’s Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Clayton, 42, was a “committed” officer and “a hero” who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” the chief said. A 17-year veteran of the force, Clayton supervised a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and previously worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Suspect in Florida officer’s killing released from hospital Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers Deputy killed while pursuing Orlando suspect Suspect in fatal shooting of officer has lengthy record Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... Police: Fugitive wanted in officer's fatal shooting captured World by The Associated Press Posted Jan 17, 2017 6:31 pm MST Last Updated Jan 17, 2017 at 9:00 pm MST Orlando police public information officer Sgt. Wanda Miglio updates a wanted poster of Markeith Loyd before a news conference at Orlando Police Department to announce the capture of Loyd, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) ORLANDO, Fla. – The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando police Chief John Mina said Markeith Loyd, 41, was flushed out of an abandoned house and taken into custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd with a bloodied face as a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Mina tweeted, “Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs.” Loyd was wearing body armour and carrying two handguns — one equipped with a 100-round magazine — when he surrendered after a SWAT team surrounded the house in western Orlando, Mina said at a news conference. He said Loyd resisted arrest and had some facial injuries that were being treated. Mina denied rumours that the arrest was the result of an anonymous tip, saying that Loyd was captured by the tireless efforts of law enforcement. “They’ve basically been living in their vehicles, using the bathroom in their vehicles, to try and do everything they could to bring justice for the Dixon family and for the Clayton family,” Mina said. Before the officer’s shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. Clayton had been tipped off that he was in the area while she was at the store and was shot when she approached Loyd, who then fled. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said at the news conference that the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. “I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point,” Demings said. “They will sleep better knowing tonight that… this maniac is off the streets.” Demings said Loyd would be charged with two counts of first-degree murder in Dixon’s death last month. Loyd will also face one count of attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault with a firearm related to the shooting of Dixon’s brother and threats against other relatives. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd’s ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn’t know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to associates of his. “Anyone who harboured, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him,” Mina said. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Next Story Movie Trailers January 27, 2017 to February 2, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray   Resident Evil: The Final Chapter (14A) 3D 7:00pm 3:30pm / 9:45pm A Dog’s Purpose (PG) 3:00pm / 6:15pm / 9:00pm La La Land (PG) 2:50pm / 6:00pm / 9:10pm Split (14A) 3:10pm / 6:30pm / 9:25pm XXX: Return of Xander Cage 3D 9:35pm 3:50pm / 6:45pm   Monster Trucks (PG) 3D 10:10pm     660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Canadian universities pull ads from alt-right news outlet in United States 53 minutes ago Government gives more time to comment on nuclear-waste bunker Jan 27, 2017, 5:26 PM What’s at stake in Trump’s push to rewrite or abandon NAFTA Jan 27, 2017, 5:16 PM Lawyers file appeal for Vader in deaths of missing Alberta couple Jan 27, 2017, 5:14 PM ‘Hamilton’ cast to sing at Super Bowl 51 Jan 27, 2017, 5:11 PM The top 10 songs and albums on the iTunes Store Jan 27, 2017, 5:04 PM N.S. teachers return to work-to-rule amid tussle over purpose of new days off Jan 27, 2017, 12:16 PM Manitoba premier should apologize, educate himself after hunting comments: NDP Jan 27, 2017, 11:56 AM Attempted murder charge laid against 94-year-old in Ontario Jan 27, 2017, 11:52 AM Canadian in U.S. jailed for 4 years over 'pump and dump' penny stock fraud Jan 27, 2017, 11:44 AM Military aircraft crashes in southern Saskatchewan; two pilots safely eject Jan 27, 2017, 11:39 AM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT New tests on river water after coal spill from derailed train near Ashcroft Jan 27, 2017, 11:36 AM Canadian universities pull ads from alt-right news outlet in United States Jan 27, 2017, 8:42 AM Feds say Justice coal cos. owe $4.6M in fines Jan 27, 2017, 8:23 AM New panel reviewing Energy East Pipeline voids past decisions, restarts process Jan 27, 2017, 7:45 AM US business spending rises for 3rd month, boosting factories Jan 27, 2017, 6:32 AM West Coast Bias: The challenge of playing in a Canadian market Jan 27, 2017, 3:24 PM Blue Jays notebook: Stroman’s knee now feeling ‘a lot’ stronger Jan 27, 2017, 12:25 PM NHL All-Star Skills competition breakdown: Who’s competing in each event Jan 27, 2017, 4:04 PM Bettman: Olympics, ‘not even on the agenda’ for BOG Jan 27, 2017, 3:50 PM Raonic withdraws from Davis Cup after injury at Australian Open Jan 27, 2017, 3:15 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Dylan, Muse, among headliners for Firefly Music Festival Jan 27, 2017, 11:28 AM Neil Young to induct Pearl Jam into Rock Hall Jan 27, 2017, 11:19 AM Hip-hop star Drake says he's hosting NBA Awards, wants to return to acting Jan 27, 2017, 11:18 AM Mischa Barton taken to hospital after reports of yelling Jan 27, 2017, 10:07 AM Celine Dion to be adviser on 'The Voice' Jan 27, 2017, 10:07 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
null
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Men Don’t Need Viagra If you Do This Once Daily - Reverses ED For Good Home | Street Talk Tags: 2016 Elections | walmart | trump | gm | jobs Wal-Mart, GM Reaffirm Jobs long Planned, Trump Says Thanks Tuesday, 17 Jan 2017 08:01 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and General Motors Co. on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding U.S. jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced $1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 U.S. jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized U.S. companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States and has put pressure on them to hire more U.S. workers. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!" Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday reacting to the moves. Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017     Bringing manufacturing back to the United States was a major theme in Trump's presidential campaign. In a separate tweet he said, "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'." Announcements by Wal-Mart and GM come as both companies are cutting jobs in the country, and their hiring, which was planned for some time, represent a small increase in their total U.S. workforce. German drugs and agriculture group Bayer and U.S. seeds company Monsanto Co. also pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 U.S. jobs and add 3,000 new U.S. high-tech positions. . Both companies announced plans to create thousands of high-tech U.S. jobs previously when they announced their merger. Some of America's largest companies including General Motors, Lockheed Martin Corp. and United Technologies Corp. have been publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter. Many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have cut U.S. jobs or raised prices for consumers. Trump's criticism of Ford Motor Co on Twitter turned to praise after the carmaker scrapped a planned Mexican car factory and added 700 jobs in Michigan earlier this month. It has also forced overseas companies that sell in the U.S. market to lift their U.S. investment. Hyundai Motor Group said it plans to increase investment in the United States by 50 percent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant.   NOT NEW Both Wal-Mart and GM's new U.S. job plans are also part of previously announced investment plans. Wal-Mart said it would create 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 percent of its U.S. workforce, this year as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan announced in October. General Motors said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories and move some production from Mexico - moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 U.S. workers. GM's announcements also reflected existing plans, not new decisions, company officials and the United Auto Workers union said on Tuesday. The UAW in a statement said the announcement "continues GM investments that have emerged as a result of the 2015 national bargaining agreement" between the union and the automaker. Both companies have also been cutting jobs recently. Wal-Mart has been letting thousands of U.S. employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. GM has also announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories in recent months. Most of Wal-Mart's 10,000 new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores that will be opened in the fiscal year beginning in February. The retailer opened 130 stores in the current fiscal year. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and General Motors Co. on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding U.S. jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. walmart, trump, gm, jobs 634 Tuesday, 17 Jan 2017 08:01 PM 2017-01-17 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump to Company Executives: We Think we Can Cut Regulations by 75 Pct Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 107 comments This is what leadership looks like... Lawsuit: Trump Businesses Violate Constitution Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 89 comments Waste time and money. Nonsense. This is what RATs will do... Robert Reich: Here's Why I Don't Think So-Called 'Trump Rally' Will Continue Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 44 comments Do not forget mr.REICH is a FABIAN SOCIALIST ,he is like the Clintons!!... Dow Tops 20,000 as Trump Rally Pushes Higher Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 31 comments Be prepared for O'dumbo and his acolytes to claim this all happened... Mexico President Demands North America Stay Free-Trade Zone Tuesday, 24 Jan 2017 | 31 comments :...humane treatment of Mexican migrant workers....and a coordinated and...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 27th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Police: Fugitive wanted in officer’s fatal shooting captured Poll In light of recent local cases, are there too many delays in the judicial process? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By The Associated Press on January 17, 2017. FILE- This undated file photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd, a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. (Orlando Police Department via AP, File) ORLANDO, Fla. – A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd had a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted, “Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs.” Before Clayton’s shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd’s ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. While at the Wal-Mart store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he filed multiple shots at her. She was wearing body armour, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Investigators found clothing belonging to Loyd that suggested Clayton returned fire after she was shot but that a bulletproof vest protected the suspect. A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy’s SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff’s office said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff’s Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Clayton, 42, was a “committed” officer and “a hero” who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” the chief said. A 17-year veteran of the force, Clayton supervised a patrol division in the neighbourhood where she was shot, and previously worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
