Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM 98.1 FM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Current Show The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Hugh Hewitt Show 5AM–7AM Neill Atkins 7AM–8AM "Sound Off" with Brad B... 8AM–11AM Current Weather (55811) 46° Search Our Site Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon Unknown Show None–None News Wal-Mart CEO to be questioned in U.S. lawsuit over Mexican bribery Wal-Mart CEO to be questioned in U.S. lawsuit over Mexican bribery Thursday, May 11, 2017 6:27 p.m. CDT President and CEO of Walmart Doug McMillon takes part in a strategic and policy CEO discussion with U.S. President Donald Trump in the Eisen By Jonathan Stempel (Reuters) - A federal judge on Thursday ordered Wal-Mart Stores Inc Chief Executive Douglas McMillon to submit to questioning in a lawsuit by shareholders hoping to learn what he knows about suspected bribery by the world's largest retailer in Mexico. U.S. District Judge Susan Hickey in Fayetteville, Arkansas, said McMillon's "direct and personal involvement" in matters underlying a class-action lawsuit justified requiring him to sit for a deposition by the shareholders' lawyers. McMillon had been president of Wal-Mart International during a period when shareholders led by a Michigan pension fund said the retailer concealed suspected bribery by its Wal-Mart de Mexico unit to government officials, to speed up store openings. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer had argued that McMillon lacked the "unique or special knowledge" to justify burdening him with a deposition. But the judge said McMillon, who became chief executive in February 2014, took part in several meetings, saw dozens of communications, and had certified many public statements by Wal-Mart about the alleged bribery. "It appears to the court that McMillon has unique knowledge of relevant issues in this litigation that only he can explain," Hickey wrote. A deposition could last four hours, she added. Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove said: "We are reviewing the order and contemplating our next steps." Jason Forge, a lawyer for the lead plaintiff City of Pontiac General Employees' Retirement System, said in an email: "We're determined to try this case in court." Wal-Mart's market value slid $17 billion over three days in April 2012 after the New York Times reported the alleged bribery and said it had been first discovered internally in 2005. Shareholders accused Wal-Mart and Mike Duke, who preceded McMillon as chief executive, of downplaying the scheme even after learning about the Times' investigation. The class period runs from Dec. 8, 2011 to April 20, 2012. Earlier this week, Bloomberg News said Wal-Mart may pay about $300 million to settle a U.S. government probe into suspected bribery in Mexico, India and China, citing people familiar with the matter. A $300 million payment would represent about one week of profit for Wal-Mart. The case is City of Pontiac General Employees' Retirement System v. Wal-Mart Stores Inc et al, U.S. District Court, Western District of Arkansas, No. 12-05162. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Tom Brown and Marguerita Choy) Comments Top Stories Cook County Man Missing Thursday, May 11 25th Annual Letter Carrier's Food Drive Is Saturday Thursday, May 11 Superior, Douglas County Visitors Bureau is Rebranding Itself Thursday, May 11 6th Annual Duluth Mayor's Bike Ride Friday Thursday, May 11 UPDATE: Separate Fatal Crashes Wednesday On Highway 135 Thursday, May 11 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2017 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota 98.1 FM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 84454 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
Walmart using 'Restorative Justice' program to help stop shoplif - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2017 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Mobile apps Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Investigates Andy's Consumer Tip of the Week SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News First Alert Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) First Alert: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast First Alert Traffic Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests ENTER TO WIN: Tickets to the Memphis Air Show Mid-South Heroes 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Walmart using 'Restorative Justice' program to help stop shoplifting 2017-05-11T23:03:32Z2017-05-12T00:46:25Z Reported by Tom Randles Email Connect Tom.Randles@wsmv.com Follow @wsmv_tomrandles Walmart's Restorative Justice program looks to tackle shoplifting. (WSMV) NASHVILLE, TN (WSMV) - Pull into any Walmart parking lot and you’ll notice two things: other shoppers and that someone is watching you. Walmart, the largest retailer in the country, is pulling out all the stops to stop crime. Last month, police say three men entered a Hendersonville Walmart and stole three TVs. “When retailers lose $45 billion a year, about $20 billion … a year of that is due to shoplifting. It’s a very serious crime. I tell my students if they want to study property crime, go to the mall,” said Dr. Richard Hollinger, a retail crime expert. Stores everywhere are not used to backing down to shoplifting suspects. Walmart believes a program called Restorative Justice, a nationwide anti-shoplifting program run by contractors and brought to Tennessee by Walmart less than a year ago, is the new way to fight crime. Prior to the program’s introduction in Tennessee, Metro police said from January to June of 2016, 115 theft calls were reported at the Walmart store off Nolensville Pike. After Restorative Justice was launched, theft calls dropped significantly through the second half of 2016 to 65, nearly a 50 percent drop. “We think it serves law enforcement in a meaningful way, because we’re not dispatching patrol officers to the stores to transport shoplifters when they might otherwise be working on arguably more significant issues,” said Mike Lamb with Walmart Asset Protection and Safety. Walmart says Restorative Justice is about educating, not prosecuting, first-time, non-violent offenders. If they are caught and detained, they have a choice. “The alternative to prosecution is an opportunity to be rehabbed through essentially an online course … that’s about eight hours in duration,” Lamb said. “We’ve seen a dramatic reduction in recidivism or repeat offense scenarios for those individuals who have successfully completed the program.” Walmart officials want potential offenders to know they can’t just walk into a store, steal something and get away with it. “If you’ve been charged multiple times or you have a history of repetitive shoplifting offenses, you’re disqualified from the program,” Lamb said. “So then you’re going to be prosecuted?” asked Channel 4’s Tom Randles. “That is correct,” Lamb said. Shoppers told Channel 4 they are split on the retail giant’s approach to cutting crime. “Sounds like it would be a good idea, I would think. They need to do something,” one shopper said. “Good idea? Bad idea? No, if you’re stealing, haul you’re a** off to jail,” another shopper said. Security expert Buford Tune said because suspects enrolled in the program must also pay a several-hundred-dollar fee, he is not completely sold on Restorative Justice. “I hate to use the term extortion, but it kind of sounds like you’re kind of putting the person in the position,” Tune said. “If I don’t agree, I’m going to jail.” C.E.C., a company that administers the program for Walmart, was sued in California for that very reason in 2015. Since that time, Walmart claims its employees are better trained and that suspects are carefully advised about their options for a program that essentially gives them a second chance. “Make them a better person, help them understand the significance of the crime they’ve committed, but not put them in jail, not give them a record,” Hollinger said. Whether people agree with the tougher approach or Restorative Justice, officials say it’s working. There have been reduced calls to police, and fewer shoplifting cases and repeat offenders. Some experts believe stopping big shoplifting losses now could help consumers down the road, especially when some else skips the most important part of the transaction. “The victims are companies that are for-profit organizations and are making a lot of money, and who cares whether or not they lose a lot? But we all pay for this. It all comes around in a circle,” Hollinger said. Walmart claims the percentage of people who fall back into criminal behavior after Restorative Justice is less than four percent. They have also seen a 35 percent nationwide drop in calls to law enforcement since the program started. Copyright 2017 WSMV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> FIRST ALERT: Severe thunderstorm warning for Arkansas counties expires FIRST ALERT: Severe thunderstorm warning for Arkansas counties expires Updated: Thursday, May 11 2017 11:46 PM EDT2017-05-12 03:46:38 GMT Storm threats this evening A severe thunderstorm watch has been issued for much of Arkansas, including Poinsett County in the WMC Action News 5 coverage area, until 10 p.m. More >> A severe thunderstorm watch has been issued for much of Arkansas, including Poinsett County in the WMC Action News 5 coverage area, until 10 p.m.More >> Accident blocks I-240 eastbound at Lamar Avenue Accident blocks I-240 eastbound at Lamar Avenue Updated: Thursday, May 11 2017 11:41 PM EDT2017-05-12 03:41:42 GMT (Source: TDOT) First responders are on the scene of an accident on I-240 eastbound in Shelby County at Lamar Avenue. More >> First responders are on the scene of an accident on I-240 eastbound in Shelby County at Lamar Avenue. More >> Male, female prostitutes arrested near churches and schools Male, female prostitutes arrested near churches and schools Updated: Thursday, May 11 2017 11:21 PM EDT2017-05-12 03:21:38 GMT Down the streets of Memphis, a team of special investigators are hitting the streets undercover to rid the city of prostitution.  More >> Down the streets of Memphis, a team of special investigators are hitting the streets undercover to rid the city of prostitution. More >> Seniors take ‘final flight’ walk through elementary school Seniors take ‘final flight’ walk through elementary school Updated: Thursday, May 11 2017 11:15 PM EDT2017-05-12 03:15:52 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) Seniors at Evangelical Christian school took their “final flight” on Thursday.  More >> Seniors at Evangelical Christian school took their “final flight” on Thursday. More >> Questions surround SCS sale of Germantown heritage schools Questions surround SCS sale of Germantown heritage schools Updated: Thursday, May 11 2017 11:14 PM EDT2017-05-12 03:14:55 GMT Chris Caldwell (Source: WMC Action News 5) For the first time, Shelby County Schools officials are speaking on the prospect of selling the three Germantown heritage schools.  More >> For the first time, Shelby County Schools officials are speaking on the prospect of selling the three Germantown heritage schools.  More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Attorney: 8-year-old committed suicide two days after assault at school Attorney: 8-year-old committed suicide two days after assault at school Updated: Thursday, May 11 2017 11:42 AM EDT2017-05-11 15:42:11 GMT The attorney for the family of an 8-year-old Carson Elementary School student who committed suicide in January believes the boy was assaulted at school two days before he died.More >> The attorney for the family of an 8-year-old Carson Elementary School student who committed suicide in January believes the boy was assaulted at school two days before he died.More >> Former 'Sons of Guns' reality TV star sentenced to life, plus 40 years Former 'Sons of Guns' reality TV star sentenced to life, plus 40 years Updated: Thursday, May 11 2017 12:23 PM EDT2017-05-11 16:23:27 GMT William Hayden (Source: EBRSO) Will Hayden, the former Sons of Guns reality television star found guilty of rape in April, learned Thursday he will spend the rest of his life in prison. More >> Will Hayden, the former Sons of Guns reality television star found guilty of rape in April, learned Thursday he will spend the rest of his life in prison.More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Katie Tallett’s journey: From pom squad to D-I distance runner Teen convicted of sexually abusing Marion kindergartners sent to state training school in Eldora Both Iowa City West teams impress at state-qualifying track meet Finally healthy, Lisbon's Jack Butteris shines at state-qualifying meet Police say Iowa City man got five pounds of pot in the mail Residents express anxiety, anger over Grande Avenue flooding Jacob Thumann adds to school-record home run total, Wartburg tops Coe in IIAC baseball tournament Finally healthy, Lisbon's Jack Butteris shines at state-qualifying meet Both Iowa City West teams impress at state-qualifying track meet Kirkwood honors Tippie with center name following new $1.1 million gift Wal-Mart CEO to be questioned in U.S. lawsuit over Mexican bribery Video Photo FILE PHOTO - Shopping carts are seen outside a new Wal-Mart Express store in Chicago July 26, 2011. REUTERS/John Gress/Files By Jonathan Stempel, Reuters May 11, 2017 at 4:33 pm | Print View A federal judge on Thursday ordered Wal-Mart Stores Inc Chief Executive Douglas McMillon to submit to questioning in a lawsuit by shareholders hoping to learn what he knows about suspected bribery by the world’s largest retailer in Mexico. U.S. District Judge Susan Hickey in Fayetteville, Arkansas, said McMillon’s “direct and personal involvement” in matters underlying a class-action lawsuit justified requiring him to sit for a deposition by the shareholders’ lawyers. McMillon had been president of Wal-Mart International during a period when shareholders led by a Michigan pension fund said the retailer concealed suspected bribery by its Wal-Mart de Mexico unit to government officials, to speed up store openings. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer had argued that McMillon lacked the “unique or special knowledge” to justify burdening him with a deposition. But the judge said McMillon, who became chief executive in February 2014, took part in several meetings, saw dozens of communications, and had certified many public statements by Wal-Mart about the alleged bribery. “It appears to the court that McMillon has unique knowledge of relevant issues in this litigation that only he can explain,” Hickey wrote. A deposition could last four hours, she added. Wal-Mart had no immediate comment. Jason Forge, a lawyer for the lead plaintiff City of Pontiac General Employees’ Retirement System, said in an email: “We’re determined to try this case in court.” Wal-Mart’s market value slid $17 billion over three days in April 2012 after the New York Times reported the alleged bribery and said it had been first discovered internally in 2005. Shareholders accused Wal-Mart and Mike Duke, who preceded McMillon as chief executive, of downplaying the scheme even after learning about the Times’ investigation. The class period runs from Dec. 8, 2011 to April 20, 2012. Earlier this week, Bloomberg News said Wal-Mart may pay about $300 million to settle a U.S. government probe into suspected bribery in Mexico, India and China, citing people familiar with the matter. A $300 million payment would represent about one week of profit for Wal-Mart. The case is City of Pontiac General Employees’ Retirement System v. Wal-Mart Stores Inc et al, U.S. District Court, Western District of Arkansas, No. 12-05162. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Tom Brown) Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles Microsoft wants Windows to play nice wit ... Candymakers band together to reduce calo ... Highest-paid women reap rewards of tech ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 32-57 We set you thinking Friday 12 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World France's Macron open to talks with willing conservatives 1494571296 Business Asian shares retreat, but on track for winning week 1494570794 World ‘The best words’: Trump may be a poet without knowing it 1494571312 Singapore Southeast Asia ride-hailing service Grab says open to more acquisitions 1494565380 Singapore NUS-NTU hack: What is an 'advanced persistent threat' cyber attack? 1494568800 World In Senegal, Iran and Saudi Arabia vie for religious influence 1494569730 Singapore NUS-NTU hack: Other recent cyber breaches in Singapore 1494568800 World Nepal to vote in local polls for first time in two decades 1494568669 Singapore NUS, NTU hit by sophisticated cyber-attacks 1494568800 Business US candymakers band together to reduce calories 1494543540 World Turkey detains dozens of former bourse staff over Gulen links: media 1494568184 Business China official discourages linking U.S. trade moves to North Korea issue 1494568047 Business U.S., China reach deals on access for beef, financial services 1494558245 World Fears of U.S. drift on rights under Trump as Cambodia suffers crackdown 1494567567 Business Nordstrom's comparable sales miss deepens department-store gloom 1494538936 World Venezuela official says poo bombs are ‘chemical weapons’ 1494567132 Business Japan government names and shames 'black' companies violating labor laws 1494565304 World Carbon dating confirms ‘Penang Woman’ is 5,710 years old 1494565915 Business U.S. judge calls for criminal probe into trade secrets theft raised in Uber case 1494565596 World French-led force postpones Pacific beach attack drills after landing craft mishap 1494562321 World Cash and chemicals: for Laos, Chinese banana boom a blessing and curse 1494562207 World Thailand's new king watches as sacred oxen predict good harvest 1494560860 World Transgender officer welcomed back to Argentine police force 1494564711 World Najib slams former Umno leaders for betraying party 1494532920 World 21 arrested after birthday brawl in Bangsar 1494562560 World Philippine police make more child cybersex arrests, rescues 1494561660 World Taiwan child killer escapes death penalty 1494560160 Singapore Dozens of Sungei Road market vendors accept government help 1494561600 World Malaysia’s Education Ministry to look into student who filmed English class on smartwatch 1494560760 Business Mexico says called Trump's bluff when he eyed NAFTA exit 1494560943 Tech US intel chiefs express doubts about Kaspersky security software because of Russian roots 1494561411 Business Exclusive: IEA to review oil demand outlook after China, India signal auto policy shifts 1494560164 World 60kg turtle rescued after being trapped in Port Dickson power station 1494559912 World Commentator who amplified Macron hacks given White House press access 1494559511 Singapore Metro founder’s grandson acquitted of 2 drug trafficking charges, but pleads guilty to 2 drug possession charges 1494557700 World Australia considering NATO request to send more troops to Afghanistan 1494558384 Business South Korea orders vehicle recalls for Hyundai, Kia after whistleblower report 1494557690 World Deaf Japanese tourist claims mistreatment at Hawaii airport 1494556609 Lifestyle Happy hour deals in Singapore you won’t want to miss 1494554760 Business Kushner Cos says to skip China marketing push this weekend 1494555629 World In a private dinner, Trump demanded loyalty; Comey promised only honesty 1494551760 Voices SGH medical team made hospital stay a pleasant experience 1494553909 Business General Electric wins Mexico deal for two gigawatt power projects 1494550815 World Odebrecht witness says Argentine spy chief received bribes: source 1494550484 World Trump calls Comey a ‘showboat,’ denies colluding with Russia 1494550610 World Gunmen kill activist who searched for Mexico's disappeared: authorities 1494548599 World Venezuela opposition seeks Latin American support for 'democratic agenda' 1494546603 Business Wells Fargo eyes return to mortgage deals shunned since crisis 1494546962 Singapore Costs, tight timeline among farmers' concerns over tender 1494519360 Singapore Land for farms up for tender, a first in decades 1494532920 Business Wal-Mart CEO to be questioned in U.S. lawsuit over Mexican bribery President and CEO of Walmart Doug McMillon takes part in a strategic and policy CEO discussion with U.S. President Donald Trump in the Eisenhower Execution Office Building in Washington. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:00 AM, May 12, 2017 Updated: 7:30 AM, May 12, 2017 A federal judge on Thursday ordered Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N> Chief Executive Douglas McMillon to submit to questioning in a lawsuit by shareholders hoping to learn what he knows about suspected bribery by the world's largest retailer in Mexico. U.S. District Judge Susan Hickey in Fayetteville, Arkansas, said McMillon's "direct and personal involvement" in matters underlying a class-action lawsuit justified requiring him to sit for a deposition by the shareholders' lawyers. McMillon had been president of Wal-Mart International during a period when shareholders led by a Michigan pension fund said the retailer concealed suspected bribery by its Wal-Mart de Mexico unit to government officials, to speed up store openings. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer had argued that McMillon lacked the "unique or special knowledge" to justify burdening him with a deposition. But the judge said McMillon, who became chief executive in February 2014, took part in several meetings, saw dozens of communications, and had certified many public statements by Wal-Mart about the alleged bribery. "It appears to the court that McMillon has unique knowledge of relevant issues in this litigation that only he can explain," Hickey wrote. A deposition could last four hours, she added. Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove said: "We are reviewing the order and contemplating our next steps." Jason Forge, a lawyer for the lead plaintiff City of Pontiac General Employees' Retirement System, said in an email: "We're determined to try this case in court." Wal-Mart's market value slid $17 billion over three days in April 2012 after the New York Times reported the alleged bribery and said it had been first discovered internally in 2005. Shareholders accused Wal-Mart and Mike Duke, who preceded McMillon as chief executive, of downplaying the scheme even after learning about the Times' investigation. The class period runs from Dec. 8, 2011 to April 20, 2012. Earlier this week, Bloomberg News said Wal-Mart may pay about $300 million to settle a U.S. government probe into suspected bribery in Mexico, India and China, citing people familiar with the matter. A $300 million payment would represent about one week of profit for Wal-Mart. The case is City of Pontiac General Employees' Retirement System v. Wal-Mart Stores Inc et al, U.S. District Court, Western District of Arkansas, No. 12-05162. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus With Obamacare vote, House Republicans free to turn to tax reform With maiden jet flight, China enters dog-fight with Boeing, Airbus With eye on millennials, Coach buys Kate Spade Whole Foods names new CFO, directors Whole Foods in board shake-up amid investor pressure: source Whole Foods board overhaul fails to satisfy activist Jana: source Wells Fargo says agrees with Buffett and is fixing its problems Wells Fargo eyes return to mortgage deals shunned since crisis Wells Fargo doubles cost-cut goal but offers soft revenue outlook Inside Today World ‘The best words’: Trump may be a poet without knowing it French President-elect Macron's team says open to talks with conservatives In Senegal, Iran and Saudi Arabia vie for religious influence Nepal to vote in local polls for first time in two decades Turkey detains dozens of former bourse staff over Gulen links: media Business Asian shares retreat, but on track for winning week China official discourages linking U.S. trade moves to North Korea issue U.S. judge calls for criminal probe into trade secrets theft raised in Uber case Japan government names and shames 'black' companies violating labor laws Mexico says called Trump's bluff when he eyed NAFTA exit Sports Malaysian FA asks govt to make call onN Korea trip Tougher tests await Blues, Conte — but will he stay? Global law firm Linklaters is Open Swim Stars Sunset Race's new presenting sponsor SportSg launches plan to improve coaching standards, careers J-League’s Gamba punished for banner resembling Nazi symbol Entertainment Scalpers try their luck hawking Ed Sheeran concert tickets online Scalpers try their luck hawking Ed Sheeran concert tickets online Ryan Seacrest in advanced talks to return as American Idol host for ABC revival Pitbull cancels Singapore show Tickets to Ed Sheeran Nov 11 concert sell out in 40 minutes About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices What it takes to sell to Wal-Mart: A senior buyer tells all Forbes Amy Feldman 12 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 4 Not-So-Obvious Things to Consider Before Starting a Business With Your Spouse 100 Franchises You Can Start For Less Than $50,000 Click to expand Replay Video Auto loan fraud on the rise FBN's Liz MacDonald breaks down the costs of auto loan fraud. Fox Business Everything we know about the next iPhone — including a completely new look For months, rumors have been circulating about what Apple will cram into the next iPhone. Here's a round up of everything that might be in the iPhone 8. Business Insider This is the new American Dream As millennial home ownership declines, is the future of real estate to buy or to rent? The Wall Street Journal. SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Walmart: The World’s Largest Retailer 24/7 Wall St. See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Auto loan fraud on the rise Fox Business 0:35 Everything we know about the next iPhone — including a completely new look Business Insider 2:20 This is the new American Dream The Wall Street Journal. 2:41 Why Venezuela still looks like this BBC News 1:01 Macy's, Sears, Target: The retail industry continues to struggle Fox Business 1:04 International travel has changed: What you need to know The Wall Street Journal. 2:11 5 things to give up if you want be a millionaire CNBC 1:03 Victoria's Secret Angels praise perfect Paris Associated Press 1:14 Jobless claims lowest since 1988 Wochit Business 0:40 SpaceX successfully tests its biggest rocket so far Newsy 0:43 Meet Chuck, the robot helping warehouse fulfillment Bloomberg 2:17 Why Snap's shares plunged after first earnings Reuters 1:25 The Peanuts characters were just sold Veuer 0:30 The net worth of former FBI Director James Comey GOBankingRates 0:36 Tesla is taking orders for its premium solar roofs Wochit Tech 0:45 Do you hate your chip card? The Wall Street Journal. 0:36 UP NEXT Video by 24/7 Wall St. Once a year, Walmart opens its doors to companies, large and small, that make products in America. This year, that open call will be held on June 28, 2017, and entrepreneurs can apply to attend through May 18. Last year, more than 450 companies pitched more than 750 products; while only some got into the stores, all that could sell online were allowed onto walmart.com.  To explore what it takes to get a product on the retailing behemoth’s shelves, FORBES spoke with Kinna Thomas, Walmart’s senior buyer for cakes and pies. Thomas, who joined Walmart five years ago from JCPenney, worked as a buyer of fine jewelry before switching to the bakery area, and she says she loves open-call day. She helped put together the deal to sell Patti LaBelle-branded sweet potato pies and fruit cobblers after flipping through the singer’s cookbook, a hunch that paid off. And she’s even cold-called small bakeries when she’s seen a dessert she likes. But entrepreneurs who want to get on the shelves, better be prepared to talk about their product and its market in detail and to figure out how to create a cost structure that works for Walmart. You can probably guess what that means. Whether pitching Walmart at its open-call day or getting a scheduled hearing at its headquarters in Bentonville, Ark., here are five things to keep in mind. Know how your product fits in to the bigger market: Walmart buyers have seen it all. Be prepared to pitch your product but also to explain how it fits into the broader market: What makes it special? “It doesn’t matter if they are big or smaller, experienced or new, we can work on things like that. I am concerned about the quality they have, and if it’s new and innovative, or if it’s traditional what sets it apart from everyone else,” Thomas says. “What we expect as a merchant is for people to come in who are prepared for the conversation. Being prepared means being knowledgeable about your product, and the industry as well. Know your competitors.” Don’t be scared off by Walmart’s size: Walmart has more than 4,600 stores spread out across the United States, but that size also means that it can offer regional deals to new suppliers to test them out. “A lot of people say, “Oh, Walmart is so big. We have a lot of stores, but we have the ability to segment those stores as well,” Thomas says. In fact, she says, she’s willing to do a deal for as few as 50 stores, if she falls in love with the product. When Brown Betty Dessert Boutique, a small Philadelphia bakery, pitched Thomas on a sweet-potato loaf cake, she did a joint venture with it to introduce the dessert under the Patti LaBelle name in 300 stores in the Northeast last September. Not long after, the bakery decided to shutter its retail shop to focus on wholesale opportunities, including the Walmart partnership. © Walmart senior buyer for cakes and pies Kinna Thomas (center) with Walmart’s executive vice presiden... Be prepared to crank up distribution (or to move on). Thomas recalls finding a small store with cream pies that she liked about two years ago – and cold-calling them. “It’s unconventional for a buyer to do that,” she says. “They were a little shocked and taken aback because when you say Walmart, they think big.” The result: Walmart launched a test in 250 stores of Cyrus O’Leary’s mini cream pies for $2.50 apiece. At the little pies sold, Thomas says, Walmart expanded their distribution to 500 stores and then to 1,000 – and she hopes to continue that growth. “I would say at least 25% of the time I am actively seeking newer suppliers I can actually grow with because they are likely to be the most innovative,” she says. If you send Walmart buyers an email, make it good: On the Walmart.com website, you can click on a link that explains how to become a supplier. Walmart takes the resulting emails and routes them to the appropriate buyer. Every once in a while, a buyer takes the bait. Recently, Thomas says, she got an email from a would-be bakery supplier (she declines to give more details) making a claim that its product is the best in its category. “I called them, and they were shocked and tickled by the call, and we had some good conversations,” she says. “We ended up having a product meeting in the office here in Bentonville.” Now, she says, she’s working to see if she can pair that dessert-maker with an existing supplier to make the product at the same quality in mass capacity – at Walmart prices. Pay attention to prices: Walmart is known for low prices, and companies that want to become suppliers need to be prepared to eliminate excess costs if they want to play. Setting the final price, Thomas says, is Walmart’s decision. For entrepreneurs, especially smaller ones, that means thinking hard about whether the price Walmart wants to offer consumers is sufficient. “We will talk about cost structure,” Thomas says. “We want to know how that will impact our customer.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored This Dell bends 360°. Fold as a tent, tablet, or laptop Top PC picks: For work or play Flip out with JBL’s splash-proof speaker Only $69 for this 8-inch NuVision tablet AdChoices AdChoices More From Forbes Electronic Arts Sold $1.2 Billion In DLC Last Year Forbes Why Cisco And NetApp Just Invested In Cloud Data Startup Datos IO Forbes Making A Living In Chess Is Tough - But The Internet Is Making It Easier Forbes Forbes View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Walmart Canada Introduces 100% Canadian AAA Angus Beef In Time For The Long Weekend by Walmart Canada Posted: Thursday, May 11, 2017 at 3:40PM EDT MISSISSAUGA, ON - Starting today, every cut of beef Walmart now sells is 100% Canadian AAA Angus beef. This announcement signals a further commitment from the retailer in offering top quality, fresh meats and produce at affordable prices. Walmart customers can now enjoy an assortment of 100% Canadian AAA Angus Beef cuts including Striploin Steak, Boneless Sirloin Tri-Tip Steak, Beef Strip Loin Medallion, Bone in Strip Loin Steak, Beef Top Sirloin Steak and more, arriving in time for the long weekend and the kick-off of the barbecue season. "We're very excited to be able to offer 100% Canadian AAA Angus beef at Walmart, premium-grade quality beef at the same low prices," said Paul Del Duca, senior vice president, fresh foods at Walmart Canada. "We encourage customers to try the new beef, even if they haven't considered Walmart for their steaks or other cuts of beef in the past." https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLt0aR22Kan7JUpc0oLVeaTpC7pVMER7dd Canadian AAA Angus Beef at Walmart: Great Taste. 100% Canadian AAA grade Angus beef is butcher-quality meat with the optimal amount of marbling for great flavour. Locally Sourced. From Canadian farms and ranches with ideal conditions for raising Angus beef cattle and supporting hard-working Canadians who care about sustainability and quality.  Better Quality. Same Low Prices. The beef has changed. The prices remain low.   100% Satisfaction Guarantee. If you are not fully satisfied with the quality and freshness of any fresh beef product, simply bring it back with your receipt for a full refund. "By committing to only carrying Canadian AAA Angus Beef, Walmart is telling beef farmers from coast-to-coast they recognize and appreciate premium-grade quality beef and so do their customers," said Martin Lemoyne from Canada Beef. "We thank Walmart for supporting the beef industry and making top quality beef more accessible to Canadians." To learn more about Canadian AAA Angus Beef, including recipes and grilling tips, visit Walmart.ca/beef. Walmart also carries Canada No.1 grade fruits and vegetables, an expanded selection of organic produce as well as 100% Canadian air-chilled chicken, pork and salmon available at low prices every day. About Walmart Canada Walmart Canada operates a chain of 410 stores nationwide serving more than 1.2 million customers each day. Walmart Canada's flagship online store, Walmart.ca, is visited by 600,000 customers daily. With more than 90,000 associates, Walmart Canada is one of Canada's largest employers and is ranked one of the country's top 10 most influential brands. Walmart Canada's extensive philanthropy program is focused on supporting Canadian families in need, and since 1994 Walmart has raised and donated $275 million to Canadian charities. Additional information can be found at walmartcanada.ca, facebook.com/walmartcanada and at twitter.com/walmartcanada. Source: Walmart Canada Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to MeatPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wal-Mart CEO to be questioned in U.S. lawsuit over Mexican bribery Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States U.S. Legal News | Thu May 11, 2017 | 4:21pm EDT Wal-Mart CEO to be questioned in U.S. lawsuit over Mexican bribery By Jonathan Stempel A federal judge on Thursday ordered Wal-Mart Stores Inc Chief Executive Douglas McMillon to submit to questioning in a lawsuit by shareholders hoping to learn what he knows about suspected bribery by the world's largest retailer in Mexico. U.S. District Judge Susan Hickey in Fayetteville, Arkansas, said McMillon's "direct and personal involvement" in matters underlying a class-action lawsuit justified requiring him to sit for a deposition by the shareholders' lawyers. McMillon had been president of Wal-Mart International during a period when shareholders led by a Michigan pension fund said the retailer concealed suspected bribery by its Wal-Mart de Mexico unit to government officials, to speed up store openings. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer had argued that McMillon lacked the "unique or special knowledge" to justify burdening him with a deposition. But the judge said McMillon, who became chief executive in February 2014, took part in several meetings, saw dozens of communications, and had certified many public statements by Wal-Mart about the alleged bribery. "It appears to the court that McMillon has unique knowledge of relevant issues in this litigation that only he can explain," Hickey wrote. A deposition could last four hours, she added. Wal-Mart had no immediate comment. Jason Forge, a lawyer for the lead plaintiff City of Pontiac General Employees' Retirement System, said in an email: "We're determined to try this case in court." Wal-Mart's market value slid $17 billion over three days in April 2012 after the New York Times reported the alleged bribery and said it had been first discovered internally in 2005. Shareholders accused Wal-Mart and Mike Duke, who preceded McMillon as chief executive, of downplaying the scheme even after learning about the Times' investigation. The class period runs from Dec. 8, 2011 to April 20, 2012. Earlier this week, Bloomberg News said Wal-Mart may pay about $300 million to settle a U.S. government probe into suspected bribery in Mexico, India and China, citing people familiar with the matter. A $300 million payment would represent about one week of profit for Wal-Mart. The case is City of Pontiac General Employees' Retirement System v. Wal-Mart Stores Inc et al, U.S. District Court, Western District of Arkansas, No. 12-05162. Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In U.S. Legal News Elliott sues Energy Future for chance to offer bankruptcy alternatives NEW YORK Hedge fund Elliott Management Corp filed a lawsuit against Energy Future Holdings Corp on Thursday, claiming that the bankrupt power company has prevented it from pursuing better options for it as its $18.7 billion deal with NextEra Energy Inc falters. U.S. airlines meet with Homeland Security on expanding laptop ban WASHINGTON U.S. Homeland Security officials met with major U.S. airlines and a trade group on Thursday to discuss the impact of possibly expanding a ban on large electronic gadgets on planes to flights from some European airports, three sources briefed on the meeting said. U.S. consumer watchdog's prepaid-card rule survives Congress challenge WASHINGTON A major challenge to the U.S. watchdog for consumer finances fizzled on Thursday, as Congress missed a deadline to repeal the agency's new rule on prepaid cards. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart CEO to be questioned in U.S. lawsuit over Mexican bribery By Reuters Published: 16:22 EDT, 11 May 2017 | Updated: 16:22 EDT, 11 May 2017 e-mail By Jonathan Stempel May 11 (Reuters) - A federal judge on Thursday ordered Wal-Mart Stores Inc Chief Executive Douglas McMillon to submit to questioning in a lawsuit by shareholders hoping to learn what he knows about suspected bribery by the world's largest retailer in Mexico. U.S. District Judge Susan Hickey in Fayetteville, Arkansas, said McMillon's "direct and personal involvement" in matters underlying a class-action lawsuit justified requiring him to sit for a deposition by the shareholders' lawyers. McMillon had been president of Wal-Mart International during a period when shareholders led by a Michigan pension fund said the retailer concealed suspected bribery by its Wal-Mart de Mexico unit to government officials, to speed up store openings. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer had argued that McMillon lacked the "unique or special knowledge" to justify burdening him with a deposition. But the judge said McMillon, who became chief executive in February 2014, took part in several meetings, saw dozens of communications, and had certified many public statements by Wal-Mart about the alleged bribery. "It appears to the court that McMillon has unique knowledge of relevant issues in this litigation that only he can explain," Hickey wrote. A deposition could last four hours, she added. Wal-Mart had no immediate comment. Jason Forge, a lawyer for the lead plaintiff City of Pontiac General Employees' Retirement System, said in an email: "We're determined to try this case in court." Wal-Mart's market value slid $17 billion over three days in April 2012 after the New York Times reported the alleged bribery and said it had been first discovered internally in 2005. Shareholders accused Wal-Mart and Mike Duke, who preceded McMillon as chief executive, of downplaying the scheme even after learning about the Times' investigation. The class period runs from Dec. 8, 2011 to April 20, 2012. Earlier this week, Bloomberg News said Wal-Mart may pay about $300 million to settle a U.S. government probe into suspected bribery in Mexico, India and China, citing people familiar with the matter. A $300 million payment would represent about one week of profit for Wal-Mart. The case is City of Pontiac General Employees' Retirement System v. Wal-Mart Stores Inc et al, U.S. District Court, Western District of Arkansas, No. 12-05162. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Tom Brown) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Kim Kardashian flashes her famous curves in figure-hugging black midi dress to take daughter North on ice cream outing for KUWTK scenes Miley Cyrus proudly wears her engagement ring while playing the wholesome surfer girl in new video tribute to hunky fiance Liam Hemsworth  'I actually got confused! Shocked fans go into meltdown after Billie Piper shares a rare picture of her almost identical younger sister Elle Rehab? No thanks! Scott Disick parties with gaggle of blondes amid fears he's 'drinking too much' in wake of Kourtney's new toyboy romance Kourtney Kardashian goes NUDE in pool for photoshoot... while 'jealous' Kylie Jenner and sisters watch on Not an inch of fabric to cover up Worried about beach style this summer? Take inspiration from the A-list and pick the look that works for your personality AND body SPONSORED SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Bethany Platt STABS Gary Windass... while evil boyfriend Nathan prepares to set another vile friend upon her Beanie buddies! Justin Timberlake carries Silas wearing matching skull caps and meets up with Jessica Biel Duo were seen arguing in public last week Strawberry please! North West, three, enjoys ice cream cone on day out with mom Kim Kardashian in LA She turns four next month Peep show! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she wears sheer dress with no bra to Dior show in Los Angeles Beach ballerina! Katy Perry twirls around the sea in blush pink dress on girlie vacation in Mexico  Showcased her stunning physique Solo shopper! Jennifer Aniston enjoys some retail therapy in LA after shooting down any hope of a Friends reunion Spotted loading some new goods into her car  'He wants to kill me... I want to kill him' Aaron Chalmers is involved in heated shoving match with rival Greg Jenkins as they weigh in ahead of MMA debut  'I'm very proud of you': Billie Faiers shows her support for pregnant Ferne McCann... as she prepares to welcome best friend into 'the mummy club' All you need to taste the sunshine is a fork! We show you how to EAT your way around the Mediterranean this summer SPONSORED Pippa Middleton 'asks guests to bring TWO outfits to her wedding' - but are the bride-to-be's growing list of demands becoming a 'tad ridiculous'? I'm a Barbie girl! Blonde Kylie Jenner transforms into a 'plastic and fantastic' living doll for eye-popping new shoot Bright young thing Danniella Westbrook sips a cocktail on a luxurious yacht as she soaks up sun in Spain... after EastEnders SLAM claims she will return to the soap Victoria Beckham looks effortlessly chic as she steps out in New York... after missing out on premiere for husband David's big acting debut in King Arthur Baby-faced raver! Hollyoaks' Tom Cunningham parties in Ibiza as childstar films new scenes for spin off of the Channel 4 soap  Good times Snooze to schmooze! Bella Hadid cuts a tired figure as she touches down in London in bright pink pyjamas before hitting the town in sexy ab-flashing ensemble Booty-ful inside and out! Busty Amber Rose reveals famous derriere in low-cut spandex bodysuit on Instagram Continued to flaunt her body  'I'm single at the moment': One Direction's Niall Horan, 23, says he's in 'no rush' to get into a relationship due to his 'flat out' work schedule Gemma Oaten goes public with new boyfriend Scott Walker at Interlude In Prague premiere in London... following heartbreak over Nick Knowles fling 'They're a bunch of w***ers!' Tommy Mallett and Georgia Kousoulou shock Holly Willoughby by fiercely slamming their TOWIE co-stars on Celebrity Juice Cally-Jane Beech slams 'today's labour procedures' after tough 32-hour birth to welcome daughter Vienna by emergency C-section Revving up! Blac Chyna shares snaps of the $273k red Ferrari she received as a birthay gift... but doesn't reveal who it's from Bright red sportscar Braless Joanna Krupa suffers epic wardrobe malfunction as flashbulbs expose her ample assets and underwear under metallic knitted dress  Tess Daly puts on a leggy display in a zip-up cocktail dress slashed to the thigh as she cosies up to husband Vernon Kay during night out Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley showcases her blossoming baby bump in a figure-hugging black maxi dress as she steps out in Santa Monica Lottie Moss looks sartorially savvy as she flashes her lean legs in tiny shorts and suede jacket for dating app launch In London on Thursday Checkmate! Charli XCX flaunts her washboard abs in quirky batwing crop top and coordinating flares as she enjoys launch party in London Bruce Forsyth's wife Wilnelia, 59, looks timeless in midnight blue ensemble as she makes solo appearance after Strictly legend, 89, was hospitalised 'He's a mini version of ME': Liam Payne claims baby son Bear looks like him during meet or greet with fans... as he shares title and release date of his debut solo single It's Jude 2:0! Law's lookalike son Rafferty cuts a handsome figure as he poses for edgy new Timberland campaign Spitting image Newly-single Vanessa White cosies up to Saturdays bandmate Frankie Bridge's ex Dougie Poynter as they catch up at star-studded hotel launch Dakota Johnson pairs blue-patterned jumpsuit with $190 Gucci plastic slides in Hollywood Has called Gucci designer Alessandro Michele 'a good friend' Focusing on family! Kourtney Kardashian spends time with kids at ice cream museum as 'friends fear ex Scott Disick is spiraling out of control' 'When Virgin don't put your bags on the plane!' Lewis Hamilton looks despondent as he waits for missing luggage 'for over an hour' following flight from Los Angeles Revenge wedding! Emily VanCamp takes to Instagram to announce engagement to Josh Bowman The Canadian actress has her engagement ring 'His loss is tough': Halle Berry posts touching tribute to 'beloved' cat Playdough Posted a tribute to her 'beloved' late cat Playdough 'Did we genuinely miss this?': Eurovision fans left fuming when BBC coverage omits Macedonia contestant's romantic proposal Flocked to Twitter 'Couldn't find one perk in this book': 'Jealous' Harry Styles fans target 1D star's rumoured girlfriend Tess Ward as she receives a string of scathing book reviews Casting her spell! Michelle Pfeiffer, 59, looks enchanting in black pantsuit at the Wizard Of Lies premiere in NYC Knows how to enchant Proving her X Factor! Chloe Paige puts on a leggy display in a plunging gold gown slashed to the thigh as she enjoys night out in London Make-up free Amber Dowding dons skin-tight pink tracksuit as she heads to gym... after TOWIE's Chris Clark dumped Little Mix's Jesy Nelson for her Bring your mum to work day! Jennifer Lopez beams as mother Guadalupe visits her on Shades Of Blue NYC set Gave her a warm hug on the show's set  Giving himself a shake! Nick Jonas slurps protein drink after getting pumped at gym in Los Angeles Showing off his bulging biceps Rosie O'Donnell 'sparks custody battle between her Broadway actress lover and husband' With husband David 'Scott' Schiff  Catherine Tyldesley exudes elegance in a chic Bardot dress as she parties with Corrie co-star Katie McGlynn at perfume bash Looking good Samantha Barks flashes underboob in revealing cut-out LBD as she leads the glamour at premiere of her new film Interlude In Prague A £450,000 collection of designer dresses and £110,000 worth of handbags: Inside Tamara's £1m wardrobe (and what it says about what's inside her head!) Looking Super! Diane Lane joins Faye Dunaway at Paris Can Wait premiere in West Hollywood  It will no doubt be an action extravaganza Adrenaline junkie Tom Cruise can't stop smiling as he races down a Paris street in daring motorbike chase scene for Mission: Impossible 6 Watch this space! Director Ridley Scott brings the Alien saga bursting back to life with hints of his 1979 sci-fi masterpiece  All his hallmarks Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbers had made a previous heist attempt... but were scared off by her husband Kanye West Terrifying ordeal Hugs and kisses! Khloe Kardashian spreads the love with XO sweatshirt as she jets into LA Dressed in head-to-toe camouflage The morning after the knight before! Brooklyn Beckham cuts a trendy figure alongside pal Rocco's girlfriend Kim Turnbull in London... after King Arthur bash 'She had a severe panic attack and collapsed': Stephanie Davis REMAINS in hospital with mystery 'stress-related illness' amid break up   Elisabeth Moss gets VERY steamy with co-star Max Minghella as goes completely NAKED for sex scene in new show The Handmaid's Tale Kylie Jenner goes sporty in crop top as she visits babies with cleft palates during philanthropic Peru trip... after donating $1m for their surgery How I got my Baywatch body back at 49: Donna D'Errico shares more pictures from her extensive plastic surgery transformation  Nicki Minaj and Joe Jonas get close in DNCE's Kissing Strangers music video Rap diva sported a brown-patched bikini top and floral pants  'I was a go-go dancer!': Goldie Hawn reveals she danced on tables for money and took nude photo for Kurt Russell during sexy game with Amy Schumer 'Sincerest regrets': Chanel issues apology after Gabourey Sidibe reveals she was racially profiled at their Chicago boutique  Said sorry Run every town! Jay Z signs massive decade-long $200 million touring contract It seems as though he isn't slowing down anytime soon 'I was asked to do it, and the answer is no': Simon Cowell shuts down any talk of returning for American Idol reboot It's not happening Pregnant Ferne McCann shows off a hint of a bump in chic striped dress as she emerges with a smile on her face... after breaking down in tears live on air Elba's the boss on both sides of the camera: Actor to debut as a director in morality tale movie about a North London drug dealer Starting Monday This Is Us star Chrissy Metz rocks chic LBD as she returns to the red carpet after thanking fans for support following body shaming Unfazed by criticism Sue Perkins and Mel Giedroyc ' frontrunners to host BBC revival of The Generation Game'... months after quitting The Great British Bake Off MasterChef final is tinged with sadness after grandmother who taught contestant to cook sadly dies since it was filmed Last episode   'It affected every part of my life': Jamie O'Hara battled depression after his mother died when he was 17... and sought help because of his sons 'I was sick of taking them': Danniella Westbrook worries fans by admitting she has stopped medication for schizophrenia and clinical depression 'I'm gonna bump you!' Tongue-tied Chris Pratt goes red in the face while playing laugh-out-loud guessing game with Ellen Fits of laughter  Kate Moss and a male pal wear MATCHING khaki jackets in London... after she was left 'pining' for beau Nikolai von Bismark during rehab stint  Gigi Hadid goes casual cool in quirky Tommy Hilfiger jacket on coffee run in New York... and raises eyebrows with new bling on THAT finger 'I feel most confident in the gym': Demi Lovato reveals training MMA is 'definitely therapeutic' as she launches fitness line New range Alexa Chung goes casual chic in oversized sweater and leggings as she enjoys a stroll around New York Showed off her more relaxed style EXCLUSIVE: Attorney lashes out at father of Bella and Gigi Hadid as judge orders him to stand trial and face possible JAIL for illegally built mansion Nephew accused of abusing Katherine Jackson claims she should pay his legal fees as she 'spends thousands every month supporting her children' 'I'm not digging smoking right now': Miley Cyrus QUIT weed because she's 'too busy' to be 'munching at home playing video games' Lana Del Rey swaps glittering gold mini dress for saucy semi-sheer slip in stunning new photo shoot... amid romance rumours with rapper G-Eazy Boxing tale is a thumping tour de force: Jawbone packs an almighty punch, writes BRIAN VINER Stunningly acted, superbly written EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The BBC's King Charles III inevitably contained plenty of howlers  For example, Prince Charles prefers a belt! 'A budget has been set': Highly-anticipated Downton Abbey film is FINALLY 'set to begin shooting this autumn'... two years after its TV finale Lily and the Downton gang head to Guernsey: Actress speaks about her new role playing a war correspondent  Liked the idea of being an independent woman Harry's heading off in all sorts of directions: Eponymous solo debut from the 1D star is an engaging effort, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  New album Picking up the wedding shoes? Spencer Matthews shops with mother Jane ahead of brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton...as flame Vogue is 'banned' Back to her roots! TOWIE'S Megan McKenna returns to her long raven locks after fooling fans with a bright pink wig Brown locks Cara Delevingne sports a bubblegum pink wig as she shoots scenes new film for Life In A Year... before whipping it off to reveal her shaved head 'This isn't about you': Pregnant Ferne McCann trolled by This Morning viewers after breaking down in tears during first TV appearance since acid attack 'I would be mad too if magazines kept trying to keep us apart': Elsa Pataky breaks silence on 'tense' photos with husband Chris Hemsworth Awkward? Thomas Cohen and girlfriend Zoe Sidel cosy up at Tiffany bash... as his ex Daisy Lowe hits the same star-studded party Three's a crowd Tamara Ecclestone reveals her three-year-old daughter sleeps in her bed EVERY night (and insists her husband 'totally gets it') 'Co-sleeping' method 'We're planning something!': Take That are plotting a reunion tour and new music for 30th anniversary... and want Robbie and Jason on board 'I'm aware that it looks like a giant cigarette': Ashley James shows off her sensational figure in a skimpy bikini as she jokes about bizarre throwback holiday snap  Kourtney Kardashian celebrates new beau Younes Bendjima's birthday over dinner...as ex Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking'  Rob Kardashian digs out old pictures to wish Blac Chyna a happy birthday... after skipping her party with family and friends Boris Becker's ex-wife Barbara, 50, flaunts her long legs in fringed mini-dress as she arrives in style for Duftstars awards in Berlin Kim klone! Ashley Graham continues to channel Kardashian's style as she showcases curves in tight-fitting white two-piece and duster coat Shade! Jessica Chastain does epic eye-roll at Johnny Depp's dependence on earpiece while acting Actor 'has a full-time sound engineer'  Geordie Phwoar! Vicky Pattison shows off her legs in a pretty mini dress covered with flora and fauna embroidery for a summery day out  Cute day dress Vogue Williams shows off hr sideboob as she enjoys sunny holiday... after being 'banned' from Spencer Matthews' brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton 'I asked God to heal my son': Goldie Hawn reveals she turned to prayer when her son Oliver nearly died after birth Was taken to the ICU 13 Reasons Why stars Dylan Minnette and Katherine Langford pose for Entertainment Weekly cover...days after season two renewal Kieran Hayler denies claims wife Katie Price is pregnant in irritable cryptic Instagram video... insisting they 'aren't planning any more babies soon' Do I look good in this? Formula 1 champ Lewis Hamilton snaps a quick selfie during fashion photo shoot in Barcelona Looking uber cool  'Mermaid vibes': TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her incredibly tiny waist and darker braided locks as she poses by the sea for stunning bikini snap Sloane Rangers! Lottie Moss rocks ripped jeans and quirky blue shades as she goes shopping on King's Road with MIC's Emily Blackwell In good spirits PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Tamsin Egerton shows off her blooming bump in a tight T-shirt as she gets cosy with boyfriend Josh Hartnett in the park Tyga's mystery girl revealed! Rapper spotted stepping out with gorgeous Brazilian super star Anitta Her real name is Larissa de Macedo Machado Buckle up! Nicole Scherzinger and French Montana step out in matching beige trench coats as they enjoy night out in LA Denied romance  'He needs to go back to rehab': Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking' as Kourtney Kardashian moves on with toyboy model beau Amy Schumer reveals forgetful Kurt Russell was delighted to meet her for the first time... even though they'd already spent a whole evening together 'He's a great barometer for me:' Zac Efron says he looks to younger brother Dylan for dating advice Turns to his 25-year-old sibling for guidance Kesha turns heads in $823 kooky Gucci platforms and floral suit as she leads the style with long-term love Brad Ashenfelter at star-studded LA premiere This Is Us star Chrissy Metz thanks fans for 'love and support' after getting body shamed for wearing PVC dress to MTV Movie & TV Awards She wore a minidress 'My daily fix of puppy breath': January Jones cuddles up to new fluffy pet pooch Joey Shared a picture snuggled up to her pet pooch 'I never get on a scale!' Curvaceous model Kate Upton reveals she won't go on any crazy diets before wedding to Justin Verlander Not happening Leggy Adriana Lima risks a wardrobe malfunction in sizzling slashed gown while headed to NYC shoot Victoria's Secret Angel was red hot This is the life! Roxanne Pallett is in great spirits in sporty bikini during Portugal getaway... after dramatically leaving The Wedding Singer musical Yo-yo dieter Kirstie Alley indulges in ice cream and cigarette as she makes a Dairy Queen pit stop Treated themselves at a Florida truck stop What's in a name? Beyonce and Jay Z challenged AGAIN over second attempt to trademark Blue Ivy Carter Stranglehold The Fantastic Mr Bonneville: Downton Abbey star Hugh is to portray beloved children's author Roald Dahl in new biopic Coming soon 'A crew of forty, four survivors... ONE distress call': Bill is in mortal danger as Doctor Who confronts dozens of terrifying space zombies Nicole Kidman looks almost unrecognisable in trailer for Top of the Lake: China Girl sporting a grey wig and freckled complexion Who's that girl? That's hardly royal china! Jenna Coleman is a very modern queen as she carries disposable coffee cup while on Victoria set with real-life beau Tom Hughes Her royal cryness! Overwhelmed little boy bursts into tears after meeting Kate in Luxembourg on the latest leg of the royals' Brexit charm offensive Prince Charles reveals his desire to strengthen Britain's 'special relationship' with Ireland - 40 years after his 'honorary grandfather' was killed by the IRA Two houses united in grief: Swedish royals pay their respects to the king's brother-in-law as the Spanish monarchy send off the late Duchess of Calabria The couple that sweats together...! Ivanka Trump and husband Jared Kushner put on a sporty show as they return home after gym session and coffee run 'He's a fraud, and can't cook': Jamie Oliver's calls to bring in a sugar tax to limit obesity is slammed by Australian breakfast TV host Mark Latham 'I wouldn't mind meeting her': Richard Wilkins says he would like 'to have a coffee' with Caitlyn Jenner after she propositioned for a date Made In Chelsea's Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo shows off her pins in a frilled suede skirt as she spends the afternoon frolicking with an array of adorable dogs Coral Queen! Maxima wears a vibrant orange number to welcome the President of Costa Rica to the Netherlands - hours after partying with European royals in Oslo Red hot! Holly Hagan flaunts her ample assets and enviable curves in sizzling in swimsuit in saucy Instagram snap Ex Geordie Shore star Beloved Catweazle and Worzel Gummidge actor Geoffrey Bayldon dies at home at 93 after battling respiratory problems  Beloved British actor Three's a crowd? Newly-single Cara De La Hoyde sizzles in a gold bikini as she eases her heartache in Cape Verde with Alex Bowen and Olivia Buckland He's got a type! Newly-single Tyga enjoys intimate dinner with a mystery girl in LA... who is the spitting image of his rumoured love interest Jordan Ozuna 'She burst into tears!' Busy Philipps surprises mom by wearing wedding dress for parents' 50th anniversary celebration On a Disney cruise Just the two of us! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego leave their boys at home as they share some quality time together Out and about My Modern arrangement: Ariel Winter, 19, reveals her new boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, has moved into her home Going strong  Don't call me Lady Gaga! Singer Stefani Germanotta drops famous stage name for A Star Is Born Reinventing her over-the-top image 'We were invited back to his dressing room...': Petula Clark claims she was propositioned for a THREESOME by Elvis with fellow singer Karen Carpenter Adriana Lima appears to take aim at ex Matt Harvey following booze bender just days after model ditched him and 'rekindled romance with Julian Edelman'  For the Love of fashion: Courtney flaunts her shapely legs in a chic shift dress and pussybow blouse at Cini party in Venice Not her rock chick self Competing with A-Rod? Jennifer Lopez shows off athletic physique in track jacket and clinging tights as she heads to gym in New York Breakaway! American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson set to join rival talent show The Voice... despite singing competition show's ABC return 'People want to create drama!' Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest have been 'transparent'... amid rumors American Idol return will create 'situation' Glam Salma Hayek showcases her enviable style in sizzling pink midi dress as she enjoys a romantic evening with François-Henri Pinault at Cini party in Venice Jingle Bell! Kristen gets animated with Mila Kunis on the Georgia set of A Bad Moms Christmas Was spotted gating rather worked up Young beauty Kaia Gerber, 15, displays striking resemblance to model mother Cindy Crawford, 51, as they enjoy low-key family dinner together in LA The boys are back in town! Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom are mobbed by fans as they hit the world premiere of new Pirates Of The Caribbean film The ultimate troll? Bow Wow claims there's a 'scientific method to his madness' attempting to suggest he purposely did the fake private jet post 'I was never afraid to be a provocative woman': Missy Elliott rocks Marc Jacobs track suit as she reveals inspiration for iconic outfits 'We make decisions as parents now': John Legend reveals he and Chrissy Teigen haven't exposed baby Luna to 'entertainment' yet Protective parents Performing with Glee: Lea Michele wows in plunging grey floral gown with sexy thigh-split as she shows off her dulcet tones at San Francisco gig In a tight spot! Lily James struggles to hold up her stockings and suspenders as she wears 40s costume to film Guernsey scenes on the beach WAG Camille Sold steps out with footballer fiance Morgan Schneiderlin in matching Adidas... paying homage to her past as a sports shop assistant Lily Collins jazzes up her casual jeans with glamorous slick of scarlet lipstick as she catches up with a gal pal over dinner in LA Looked truly stunning Looking fedorable! Drew Barrymore rocks a maroon hat as she channels a flower-power vibe to hail a cab Hailing a cab in New York City 'I truly can't believe it - double digits!' Donald Trump Jr's 'little girl' Kai celebrates 10th birthday alongside her parents, friends, and her aunt Tiffany Action girl! Tom Cruise checks out Mission Impossible 6 co-star Rebecca Ferguson on location in Paris as she struts around him sleek biker leathers Bold look! Charli XCX flaunts her ample cleavage in plunging black bra as she arrives at BBC studios in London Loves a racy ensemble Adrienne Bailon almost falls out of her bizarre one-sleeved shirt on date night with husband  Stepped out to celebrate their friends' birthday 'It's hard to accept help': Made In Chelsea stars Natalie Joel and Lauren Hutton reveal they have battled eating disorders and depression  'He's a talented actor!': Guy Ritchie defends casting David Beckham in King Arthur... but the former footballer insists 'won't be pursuing acting' after backlash Brooklyn Beckham tags along with pal Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull at star-studded King Arthur after-party... but where's dad David? Off-duty chic! Rose Byrne shows off style credentials in layered ensemble as she runs errands in New York Perfected the off-duty look  'My dad is still very much my mum's soulmate': Bindi Irwin breaks her silence on rumours her mother Terri is 'in love' with actor Russell Crowe Carol Vorderman leads outrage as ITV show Benidorm airs 'highly offensive' cleft lip joke which has sparkled 118 complaints to Ofcom Viewers weren't amused Bella Thorne debuts her mermaid curls as she displays her enviably toned physique in a patterned sports bra and cropped tracksuit bottoms On jolly good form! The Queen can't hide her delight as her horse wins a prestigious cup at the Windsor show The monarch wrapped up warm  Don't forget the price tag! Kerry Katona makes embarrassing faux pas as she displays toned pins in denim hot pants on Instagram  Showing them how it's done! BNTM judge Abbey Clancy strips down to a bikini as she cavorts with contestants on yacht for swimwear challenge 'She's the apple of our eyes': Poppy Delevingne insists she is not jealous of sister Cara... admitting supermodel was always destined for greatness Pure and simple: Myleene Klass looks effortlessly cool in a plunging floral maxi dress with sexy thigh-split as she heads to radio studios Cheeky! Kylie Jenner wears nothing but a bra and thong as she shows off generous derriere and ample assets in revealing social media snap 'I screamed and cried through the whole first viewing': Heath Ledger's sister Kate talks about seeing her brother's unseen footage in new documentary Sealed with a kiss!  Kate Hudson locks lips with new musician beau Danny Fujikawa as they make red carpet debut at Snatched premiere It's official 'She died with zero in the bank!' Ex-EastEnder John Partridge reveals his beloved mother has passed away... following his decision to do CBB to fund £45k care costs Peter Andre shares his experience with aliens on This Morning... after landing first movie role in Hollywood thriller The Undoing Bagged new movie role Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 633 48 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest The Walmart Tax Every American Taxpayer Pays The Walmart Tax: Every American Taxpayer PaysEvery year, hardworking men and women all across the country face the harsh reality of paying their taxes. Post to Facebook The Walmart Tax Every American Taxpayer Pays The Walmart Tax: Every American Taxpayer PaysEvery year, hardworking men and women all across the country face the harsh reality of paying their taxes.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://memne.ws/2oj8shx {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 9 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs The Walmart Tax Every American Taxpayer Pays Lonnie Sheppard, Guest Columnist 7:06 a.m. ET April 8, 2017 Walmart seeks approval to add eight more signs to the Walmart Supercenter in Cordova. (Photo: Tom Bailey/The Commercial Appeal) 633 CONNECTTWEET 48 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Every year, hardworking men and women all across the country face the harsh reality of paying their taxes. While the average American family has less than $1,000 in savings and nearly half have no retirement savings, in 2015, the average household paid $13,000 in income taxes. For so many Americans, this time of year is met with anxiety, fear, and anger as too many people struggle to pay their day-to-day bills, let alone their taxes. But what should fuel hard-working, tax-paying Americans’ anger, is the fact that so many of their tax dollars are being used year after year to support one of the nation’s largest welfare recipients – Walmart. A company with annual profits that averaged $15.5 billion over the last five years. Simply put, every American taxpayer is paying a tax they never heard of: The Walmart Tax. What is the Walmart Tax? According to a 2014 report by Americans for Tax Fairness, Walmart receives an estimated $6.2 billion in subsidies every year, primarily from the Federal Government. The reason? The world’s largest retailer, infamous for its poor working conditions and unfair treatment of employees, pays its workers so little that thousands of Walmart employees are forced to rely on public assistance programs like food stamps, Medicaid and subsidized housing. Programs funded by American taxpayers. No matter the town or city, if you have a Walmart in your community, you are paying a Walmart Tax. In fact, a single Walmart Supercenter is estimated to cost taxpayers between $904,542 and $1.74 million per year in public assistance money. For Walmart, this represents tens of millions of dollars in savings, all on the backs of America’s taxpayers and workers. In Tennessee, Walmart’s failure to do what is right costs taxpayers an estimated $169.8 million annually for its employees’ public assistance (as of 2014). In August 2014, a new Walmart opened up at the University Commons development in Knoxville, Tennessee. That development received a 25-year, $10 million tax increment financing incentive, as well as a $1.5 million grant from the city. Given the difficult fiscal choices our state faces, it is outrageous that a company this wealthy would ask Tennessee taxpayers to subsidize its operations. Regardless of whether you shop at Walmart, every American taxpayer pays this “hidden tax.” And, who benefits from The Walmart Tax? Not our community, our schools, our state, or even our country. Who actually benefits is Walmart, a company that generates almost $500 billion in revenue every year. Now, Walmart will say it spent $500 million on hourly associate bonuses and claim that it recently boosted employee wages. Assuming this, it makes you wonder why so many of their workers and their families depend on government programs, and your tax dollars, to survive. Walmart brags about its low prices, but what it doesn’t advertise is that it’s the American taxpayer – and worker – who help pay the actual cost of these so-called “low prices.” With billions in profits,Walmart can easily do the right thing and pay its workers a better wage. Logically, if Walmart increased employee wages, and/or provided better benefits, much of the burden would be lifted off the taxpayer. Unfortunately, Walmart has chosen a path that is cheaper for the company and lines the pockets of the Waltons, while taxpayers, once again, are stuck footing the bill. And if Walmart really wants to convince the American people that it is doing the right thing, then it should voluntarily provide what workers in each store and each community get paid. Sadly, Walmart will never do that. April 18, 2017, might be tax day, but it should really be the day we think about the Walmart Tax and the brutal reality that Walmart’s low prices come with a hidden and high cost we all pay Lonnie Sheppard is president of UFCW Local 1529 in Memphis. . <!--iframe--> Read or Share this story: http://memne.ws/2oj8shx
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Sohn Conference CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan The Brave Ones Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Aldi raises stakes in US price war with Wal-Mart 11 Hours AgoReuters SHARES Nandita Bose | Reuters A lady shops at Aldi, a retail grocery store chain in Wheaton, Illinois. German grocery chain Aldi is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi's internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart, according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. "We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. show chapters Wal-Mart is going to start offering discounts on in-store pick ups    Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 | 9:03 AM ET | 00:51 Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. "Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. For more on Wal-Mart's stock performance vs Amazon, click [L1N1IC270] Goal: Everyday low pricing Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. show chapters Barclays analyst: Wal-Mart has advantage where Amazon is still struggling to figure out    Wednesday, 19 Apr 2017 | 1:32 PM ET | 02:28 Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. "Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger. Stepping up the game Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. Watch: Amazon fires back at Wal-Mart, slashes free-shipping threshold show chapters Amazon fires back at Wal-Mart by slashing free-shipping threshold    Tuesday, 9 May 2017 | 1:41 PM ET | 00:36 Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PG --- AMZN --- WMT --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Wal-Mart eases credit card terms in hopes of gaining more users Arkansas trucking companies will have a better fleet registration system by Jan. 1 Wal-Mart news briefs: Jet deal in New York City, more bee friendly, preferred carriers named Weak same store sales weigh down Dillard’s first quarter earnings Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fort Smith city boss refuses to provide reason for sanitation director’s termination Capitol grounds commission approves Ten Commandments monument, ACLU plans lawsuit Prosecutors review potential charges against former ASU chancellor; may face ethics violations Arkansas trucking companies will have a better fleet registration system by Jan. 1 Concerned about ‘cost shifts’ in GOP healthcare reform bill, Hutchinson says Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith city boss refuses to provide reason for sanitation director’s termination Prosecutors review potential charges against former ASU chancellor; may face ethics violations SurfTec receives $1.2 million from energy department Cargill makes donation to Illinois River Watershed Partnership Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics TB&P Daily: John Brummett on French elections, the Trump factor, state and federal healthcare and judicial impeachment Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week New House Minority Leader Whitaker taking balanced approach to battles AG Rutledge says mid-May the earliest that new Arkansas execution schedule could be set in motion Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas trucking companies will have a better fleet registration system by Jan. 1 J.B. Hunt announces promotion of Shelley Simpson ATRI report says truck drivers sacrifice an hour of driving time for parking The Supply Side: Omnichannel success takes more than online shopping Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart news briefs: Jet deal in New York City, more bee friendly, preferred carriers named BusinessNews Briefs by Talk Business & Politics staff (staff2@talkbusiness.net) 13 hours ago 34 views  Tags: Jet.com Wal-Mart Stores 0 SHARES Share Tweet Retail giant Wal-Mart is in the news daily given its size and global reach. This week Wal-Mart’s subsidiary Jet opened a pop-up store in Manhattan, the retailer was lauded for eliminating pesticides that threaten the world’s bee population and Walmart Transportation named its top carrier partners for the year. JET POPS INTO NYC Wal-Mart-owned Jet.com just opened a pop-up grocery store in Manhattan in partnership with Story, a concept-based retailer. The temporary Jet.com store will offer artisanal grocery and household items which will be combined with some e-commerce capabilities. Jet.com President Liza Landsman said the retailer has no plans to explore brick and mortar, but the company saw this limited store-front deal as a way to showcase all the fresh products that Jet carries, adding this limited opportunity was “too good of a prospect to pass up.” Landsman said Jet offers specially designed packaging for fresh items included tracking capabilities to allow for delivery efficiencies, something customers ordering online might not be aware of. She said items in the pop-up store are representative of how Jet thinks about categories. Jet sees this store as a way to educate consumers so that they can have an enjoyable online shopping experience with Jet in the future. The Jet store in Manhattan will remain open for six weeks. The Story partnership also allows for workshops and cooking demonstrations during that period. MORE BEE FRIENDLY Wal-Mart Stores confirmed it has almost eliminated from its supply chain the neonicotinoid pesticides that threaten the world bee population. The initiative was part of the Friends of the Earth that encourages retailers to remove products containing neonicotinoids from the shelves. The retail giant said its suppliers have eliminated neonics from approximately 80% of garden plants sold at the retailers and Wal-Mart has eliminated neonicotinoids in almost all its off-the-shelf gardening products. “This is a great day for bees and sends an important message that the market is listening to consumers and sound science in refusing to sell bee-killing pesticides,” said Tiffany Finck-Haynes, food futures campaigner at Friends of the Earth U.S. “Friends of the Earth and our allies will continue to challenge Ace Hardware to eliminate these pesticides as quickly as possible to protect pollinators, people.” Wal-Mart joins more than 110 retailers across the country, including True Value, Home Depot, and Lowe’s that have made firm commitments to eliminate neonicotinoids 2016 TOP CARRIERS Walmart Transportation has named 12 trucking companies as its 2016 Carriers of the Year.The companies recognized work with Walmart stores, Sam’s Club facilities and distribution centers. They were chosen based on customer service and their commitment to creating innovative solutions. Walmart’s 2016 Carriers of the Year listed by category are: • General Merchandise Diamond: Swift Transportation • General Merchandise Platinum: USA Truck • General Merchandise Gold: Carroll Fulmer Logistics • Sam’s Club: Knight Transportation • Intermodal: Hub Group • Temperature Controlled Diamond: Prime • Temperature Controlled Platinum: John Christner Trucking • Grocery Dedicated: Swift Transportation • LTL National: YRC Freight • LTL Regional: Averitt Express • Diversity: Scott Logistics Corp. • eCommerce: FedEx Corporation • Third Party Logistics Carrier: C.H. Robinson Comments comments Previous post Weak same store sales weigh down Dillard’s first quarter earnings Next post Arkansas trucking companies will have a better fleet registration system by Jan. 1 Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Robert Coon In defense of Goldilocks Todd Turner Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Megan Hargraves Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly Micah Whitfield Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Laura Andress Recruiting ‘outside the box’ Latest Popular Wal-Mart eases credit card terms in hopes of gaining more users 6 hours ago Fort Smith city boss refuses to provide reason for sanitation director’s termination 7 hours ago Capitol grounds commission approves Ten Commandments monument, ACLU plans lawsuit 8 hours ago Prosecutors review potential charges against former ASU chancellor; may face ethics violations 12 hours ago Arkansas trucking companies will have a better fleet registration system by Jan. 1 12 hours ago Fort Smith spent an estimated $182,000 running recycling routes while not recycling 4,763 views XNA responds to passenger growth with $35 million parking deck 1,601 views Fort Smith official admits recycling issue began in June, questions arise about funding support for program 1,475 views Fort Smith sanitation director fired by city administrator 1,427 views Fort Smith costs to dispose of recycling at landfill continue to climb, new estimate above $680,000 1,347 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Martial arts master Leif Becker attempts 12,000 board-breaking challenge NYC skyline from the Empire State Building to 1 WTC View of downtown Manhattan from the Brooklyn Bridge Live look of the George Washington Bridge in NYC RADAR: Severe storm clouds hang over Oklahoma Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass. from Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor California Aquarium of Sciences shark lagoon cam Kittens play on ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Tracy Morgan has forgiven Wal-Mart driver who nearly killed him By Luchina Fisher Close Follow on Twitter More from Luchina May 11, 2017, 12:08 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayNBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images WATCH Wal-Mart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal 0 Shares Email "Saturday Night Live" alum Tracy Morgan has forgiven the Wal-Mart truck driver who caused the crash that nearly killed him. Speaking to New York magazine's Vulture before his new Netflix special, "Staying Alive," Morgan said he forgave the driver in order to move on with his life. "The hardest part about all of this was forgiving that driver ... because if I didn’t do that, we wouldn’t be sitting here talking," he said. "I couldn’t move forward if I ain’t forgive him." Morgan turned to his faith to reach that place. "I asked God for the strength. That’s the only way that strength come from," he said. "You ever had people do wrong to you? You ever forgave them? Where you think that kind of strength come from? The government? No." Wal-Mart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal Tracy Morgan attends Kentucky Derby, on his post-accident bucket list The driver, Kevin Roper, had been awake for more than 28 hours and was traveling 20 miles per hour above the speed limit when he hit the limo van Morgan was riding in on the New Jersey Turnpike in 2014. Morgan, who was headed back home after a show in Delaware, was left with multiple broken bones and a traumatic brain injury. His best friend and fellow comedian, James McNair, was killed. Morgan still struggles with guilt over his friend's death. "I love Jimmy. He was my OG," Morgan said. "Jimmy was very funny and he would facilitate things with me ... I was, 'Hey Jimmy, I want you to go out with me out to Delaware to do the show.' He said, 'I’m in.' Boom. I gotta live with that every day because I asked him to be there." Morgan said he tries not to relive the experience and wants to move forward. "My daughter’s a baby, my wife is young, and I’ve got to live, and I got to grow, and if I stay back there, then I won’t grow," he said, according to New York magazine. Instead, he's found a new purpose in his life. "You can’t go through something like that and not change a bit. You can’t. There’s no way," he said. "So I just know now my purpose in life is to connect the dots and spread love. There’s so much hate in this world, man. It’s time to spread love." Last November, Roper, who had no prior record, accepted a plea deal, which allowed him to enter a diversion program and avoid going to trial if he completes 300 hours of community service. McNair's family and Morgan sued Wal-Mart, and both lawsuits were settled. The terms of the settlements were not publicly disclosed. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Tracy Morgan has forgiven Wal-Mart driver who nearly killed him " Trump had Russia on his mind when he decided to fire Comey " Trump retweets Rosie O'Donnell's 2016 call for Comey to be fired " Democrats cry foul over Comey firing after previously calling for him to resign " Some Republicans express concern over Comey firing " Deadly standoff in Trenton ends after 35 hours " Strong storms spawn tornado in Oklahoma, threaten region " China, US reach agreement on beef, poultry and natural gas " Eighth-graders help create 3D prosthetic hand for farmer " 7 siblings adopted together after years in foster care " Dog named Huckleberry becomes star for hanging out on owners' roof " 90-year-old grandpa serves as best man at grandson's wedding " Paralyzed mom hangs off cliff in Mother's Day photo shoot " How two moms are celebrating Mother's Day with their 1st child " Scientists name newly ID'd dino for 'Ghostbusters' monster " Legally blind 4th-grader gets gift of sight for his birthday " Daughter meets mom 2 days after learning she was adopted 52 years ago " Indianapolis man sentenced to 3 life terms for killing rampage " Teen student drinking at 25-year low, but binge drinking persists, CDC says " Russian blogger convicted for playing 'Pokemon Go' in church " Doctor eases Somali-American community vaccine fears amid Minnesota measles outbreak " Aetna drops last 2 state markets under Affordable Care Act " Coalition: Capture of IS-held town undermines militant group " Iraqi forces move to surround Mosul's Old City, held by IS " Lawmakers reach agreement on stalled VA accountability bill " For 1st time, US intelligence officials publicly express concern over Russian cyber firm " Russian firm under FBI scrutiny offers to help any federal investigation " Fact-checking Trump's repeated unsubstantiated voter fraud claim " Trump launches commission on 'election integrity' " Florida man charged with plotting to bomb Target stores " Steve Harvey defends his memo to staff: 'I just didn't want to be in this prison anymore' " Evaluating LA bid for 2024 Olympics requires imagination " Parked BMWs bursting into flames leave owners with questions " Why Shemar Moore returned to the 'Criminal Minds' season finale " Demi Lovato, Kate Hudson collaborate on workout clothes " 'It takes up the whole river': US ports welcome giant ship " Princess Kate visits Luxembourg on solo royal tour
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad No delivery drones needed: Amazon founder Jeff Bezos flashes his $81bn smile while canoodling with wife during some real-world shopping at an ancient Italian market Trump 'demanded a pledge of loyalty from Comey TWICE during private dinner at the White House - but the FBI director refused and now believes it sealed his fate' Awkward! The moment Fyre Festival organizers told staff 'we are not able to proceed with payroll' and NO ONE will be paid Drug dealer is jailed for five years after doctor mom of three died of a cocaine overdose in his apartment - but judge rules he will NOT have to pay her family $1m  Now United Airlines passengers are being attacked by SCORPIONS! Deadly insect crawls out on flight and forces evacuation Trump calls ousted FBI boss Comey 'a GRANDSTANDING SHOWBOAT' and says he 'was going to fire him regardless of Deputy AG's recommendation' - dropping bomb on his own staff's version of events Sons of Guns reality star who raped two underage girls is sentenced to life in prison Rosie O'Donnell 'sparks custody battle between her Broadway actress lover and husband' FBI agents raid office of GOP consultants over claims they stole $2.2 MILLION from their client in 2013 Virginia governor's race TV judge Glenda Hatchett reveals how her daughter-in-law, 39, died from blood loss 12 hours after giving birth to her second child via a scheduled c-section - as her son sues Smoking woman who sprayed GAS on customer who told her to stub out her cigarette is jailed for up to six years How to spot if a mole is cancerous: Animation graphic reveals the ABCDE of skin cancer warning signs  'See you in hell': How teenage girl MS-13 gangster tortured her love rival, cut off her tattoo and killed her with 13 stab wounds in bitter power struggle over gang leadership High school basketball captain, 16, collapses and dies during a game moments after convincing coaches she was well enough to play following a fall Olympic gold medalist Nastia Liukin postpones her wedding to entrepreneur Matt Lombardi just SIX weeks before the big day Love and Hip Hop Reality star is kicked off Delta flight after she 'refused to give up her glass of wine' 'They meant to kill him': Police officer WON'T be charged for fatally shooting man with a box cutter caught on body cam 'Don't you get it... I won!' Smug Stephen Colbert claims VICTORY in his war of words with Trump because the president 'said his name' when he called him a 'no talent guy' Trump insists 'I have nothing to do with Russia' and Michael Flynn is 'a very good person' despite his lie to the vice president 'We finally agree on something!' Trump trolls nemesis Rosie O'Donnell for tweeting 'FIRE COMEY' in December Trump says Russia is 'laughing up their sleeves' over Democrats' election interference claims - as White House finally releases its photos of Russia meeting a day after Moscow sent out smiling Oval Office pics 'Let's make peace!': Trump tries to save face after Russia released photos of White House meeting as he tweets about meeting with Ukrainian foreign minister the same day Trump rips TV stars: The president bashes 'filthy, no-talent' Stephen Colbert and 'chained lunatic' Chris Cuomo in vicious rant against his 'dishonest' media enemies Acting FBI boss REJECTS White House claim that agents were 'near uprising' against Comey, telling Senate fired director 'enjoyed broad support' Previous Next Liberace the bargain-hunter? Legendary pianist famed for his flamboyant tastes and equally lavish spending ‘shopped at Walmart’, claims a friend Liberace was famed for his flamboyant style and lavish spending Pianist once wore a floor-length fur coat lined with $100,000 of crystals, a pink cape with 8ft train of pink feathers, and a gold lame jacket that inspired Elvis  But friends say the performer was surprisingly down to earth and loved a bargain  He shopped at Walmart!' friend Jody Ghanem said. 'He'd drive his Excalibur car there wearing his polyester pants' The daughter of Liberace's personal chef Gladys Luckie. said that he would often just don 'shorts, flip-flops and a t-shirt' to pad around the house in  'He was rich, but you wouldn't know it,' said Zola Luckie, who added that the pianist had welcomed her like family By Hannah Parry For Dailymail.com Published: 12:39 EDT, 11 May 2017 | Updated: 13:26 EDT, 11 May 2017 e-mail 23 shares 62 View comments Liberace was renowned for his flamboyant style and lavish spending - he once took to the stage a floor-length white fur coat lined with $100,000 of crystals - but now a friend said that the world's most glamorous piano player still knew a bargain when he saw one. 'He shopped at Walmart!' friend Jody Ghanem told Closer Weekly. 'He'd drive his Excalibur car there wearing his polyester pants.' While the pianist loved to impress on stage and at parties - where he would often arrive in enough bling and sequins to quite literally light up a room, his friends say that the artist was surprisingly down to earth. Scroll down for video  Liberace (pictured in an incredible pink ensemble performing at Radio City Music Hall in 1985) was apparently a bargain hunter who loved to shop at Walmart Friends say the pianist would drive to his local Walmart store in his Excalibur car 'wearing his polyester pants' 'He was rich, but you wouldn't know it,' said Zola Luckie, the daughter of Liberace's personal chef and house manager Gladys Luckie. 'He'd always say thank you, and he was real humble. Around the house, he'd just have on shorts, flip-flops and a t-shirt.' She added that he never made them feel like one of the 'help', but had welcomed them into his home and 'treated us like family.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Flying high! Gabi Grecko suffers a wardrobe malfunction as... As TV¿s Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen sneers at the ¿impossibly... Share this article Share 'He shared his home with us because he didn't want my mom to be away from her kids.' Perhaps it was Liberace's upbringing, during the Depression, which meant that even if his fingers were adorned with gold and diamonds, his feet stayed firmly on the ground.  'He never forgot where he came from,' says longtime friend and wardrobe assistant Terry Clarkston, 'or how fortunate he was to achieve what he did.' While the pianist loved to impress on stage and at parties - where he would often arrive in enough bling and sequins to quite literally light up a room, his friends say that the artist was surprisingly down to earth (pictured in a floor length fur coat in New York circa 1984)   Friends say that despite his taste for gaudy rhinestones and real fur, Liberace never forgot where he came from, growing up through the Depression  The pianist, whose life was recently immortalized by Michael Douglas in biopic Behind The Candelabra, averaged an incredible $5 million income for 25 years. That meant that despite his rather surprising penchant for polyester pants and Walmart shopping, he wasn't afraid to spend some serious money on his more decadent outfits. The performer owned a fabulous pink cape with an eight-foot train of pink feathers, a $300,000 Norwegian blue-fox cape with a 16-foot train, a pair of star spangled shorts known as the Drum Major, and a gold lame jacket that reportedly inspired Elvis Presely, the New York Times reported. His home was no less exotic, which boasted a piano-shaped pool, multiple real pianos encrusted with rhinestones and adorned with peacock feather designs, as well as a garage full of luxury cars. But friends say the millionaire, whose full name was Wladziu Valentino Liberace, was always willing to share his incredible wealth with his loved ones.  'He was always giving things away, even cars and houses,' said Jonathan Warren, the chairman and CEO of the Liberace Foundation, to Closer. 'If you saw something and mentioned you liked it, chances are you'd get it for Christmas!' he added. Liberace (pictured circa 1989) was known to go more casual by friends, although, as this track-suited picture reveals, he could still show off a little of his famous flare with his accessories  Liberace's home (pictured in an undated photograph) was no less exotic than his incredible outfits The pianist even had a huge piano-shaped pool built in the backyard of his home Liberace had multiple pianos, some (such as this one) encrusted with rhinestones, while others were adorned with peacock feather designs  Liberace, known as Lee to friends, died in 1987 at age 67 from cardiac arrest. His fascinating, and often infamous life, was laid bare by his former lover Scott Thorson, in his book ‘Behind the Candelabra: My Life with Liberace.' The book was turned into a movie in 2013 starring Douglas as Liberace and Matt Damn as Scott. It told the story of Liberace’s colorful life, and his relationship with Scott – and indeed many other handsome young men – and his denial of his homosexuality, which he took to his grave in 1987. Said Douglas, ‘I’d been fascinated by Liberace since I was  12 years old. ‘My dad (veteran actor Kirk Douglas) lived in Palm Springs, California and his house was near Liberace’s. ‘We were out in our car one day and pulled up at crossing next to this huge Rolls Royce convertible.  Liberace – who everyone called Lee – was driving it, and we all said “Hi”. ‘I noticed that although it was an open-top car, his hair was not moving with the breeze.  Later on I realised it was a wig.  He was wearing so much gold jewellery, that his face was shimmering with the sun’s reflected light, and he looked spectacular!’ ‘Then all those years later, when I knew I would be making this picture, I talked to my father and a lot of other people who knew him and discovered he was an extraordinary man, a generous host, and an amazing phenomenon.  He was an even bigger star than Elvis Presley was in Las Vegas at that time.’ Both Douglas and Damon have more than 60 changes of costume throughout the film, each custom-made and based on the original entertainer’s elaborate wardrobe. However, the pianist's trips to Walmart never quite made it to film.   Read more: Liberace's Life: His Friends Reveal the Humble, Generous Man Behind the Glitz and Glamour - Closer Weekly Share or comment on this article e-mail 23 shares Most watched News videos Driver shoots gunman in self-defense at Chicago gas station Hesitating driver gets crushed by lorry turning onto roundabout War veteran angered when Corbyn fails to answer his question Shocking video show kids standing on ride almost jerked overboard Driver claims woman deliberately ran in front of moving car Theresa May describes being motherless as 'sad' in LBC interview Cameraman has his foot accidentally run over by Corbyn's car Bike falls off back of an overtaking car going at over 50mph Bodycam captures the moment police fatally shoot stabbing suspect Passengers in punch-up on SouthWest flight to California Thugs attack motorcyclist in attempted robbery stopped by helpers Kayaker is chased by alligator in Mobile,Alabama bay Mother kept her three-year-old daughter's body in bed for... EXCLUSIVE: 'He thumbed his nose at the city and his... Eight-year-old killed himself just two days after he was... 'Saddest dog in the world', who touched the hearts of... 'It's been very sad': Theresa May reveals her heartbreak... Hanged outlaws, Apache prisoners and unforgiving terrain:... Theme parks across Britain close their white water rapids... No delivery drones needed: Amazon founder Jeff Bezos... 'My daddy keeps hitting me in the head': Adrian Jones, 7,... The women who beg to be whipped… to show their LOVE:... Beloved Catweazle and Worzel Gummidge actor Geoffrey... Middle school teacher and married mother-of-three, 47,... 'That p***k's stabbed me': Last words of murdered... Mother and daughter claim a parking firm fined them £100... PICTURED: The mother and daughter who are among a trio of... Dramatic moment female pedestrian is flung through the... The pictures that shame Australia:   Horrific images show... Trump calls ousted FBI boss Comey 'a GRANDSTANDING... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 62 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today No delivery drones needed: Amazon founder Jeff Bezos canoodles with wife during some real-world shopping at an ancient Italian market Solo shopper! Jennifer Aniston enjoys some retail therapy in LA after shooting down any hope of a Friends reunion Spotted loading some new goods into her car Grunge goddess! Miranda Kerr flashes her trademark dimples as she stuns in a sequinned low-cut frock and combat boots at glamorous Dior party Beanie buddies! Justin Timberlake carries Silas wearing matching skull caps and meets up with Jessica Biel Spotted out and about in New York City Peep show! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she wears sheer dress with no bra to Dior show in Los Angeles Age defying! Raquel Welch belies her 72 years as she supports fundraiser for late friend Farrah Fawcett's charitable foundation Ageless beauty Long haired Denzel Washington takes a dip in the ocean before buying ice cream on seaside set of upcoming legal drama Relaxed hairdo Touch (up) My Body! Mariah Carey shows off cleavage in low-cut top as she visits cosmetic surgery centre Seems she may be getting help to look good Looking Super! Diane Lane joins Faye Dunaway at Paris Can Wait premiere in West Hollywood  52-year-old kept things simple in a white dress Rosie O'Donnell 'sparks custody battle between her Broadway actress lover and husband' Reportedly dating Dana Caruso Schiff Nicki Minaj and Joe Jonas get close in DNCE's Kissing Strangers music video The 34-year-old rap diva sported knee-length hair extensions Blazer beauties! Brie Larson and Demi Moore don similar jacket and skirt combinations for Dior show in Los Angeles Hollywood A-listers Ready for spring! Keri Russell stuns in pretty floral blouse as she joins elegant Karlie Kloss for website launch party in NYC Pretty pair 'I'm gonna bump you!' Tongue-tied Chris Pratt goes red in the face while playing laugh-out-loud guessing game with Ellen Fits of laughter Kim Kardashian pours curves into clingy black knit dress to take daughter North on ice cream outing for KUWTK scenes Treated the tot to a cone Strawberry please! North West, three, enjoys ice cream cone on day out with mom Kim Kardashian in LA North turns four next month Ms Crawford goes to Washington! Supermodel Cindy jets into DC for summit to fight childhood obesity She is joining Bill Clinton and Michelle Obama 'Always do no harm': Naomi Watts ignites intrigue with steamy girl-on-girl kiss in mysterious new trailer for the Netflix thriller Gypsy Focusing on family! Kourtney Kardashian spends time with kids at ice cream museum as 'friends fear ex Scott Disick is spiraling out of control' Hair makeover! Kelly Rowland debuts waist-length braids at Dior Cruise presentation in Calabasas Included a pink and purple braid Living in the fast and furious lane! Charlize Theron is a cool customer in aviator shades at Dior show in LA Edgy glamor Revving up! Blac Chyna shares snaps of the $273K red Ferrari she received as a birthay gift... but doesn't reveal who it's from Ferrari 488 Spider 'I was asked to do it, and the answer is no': Simon Cowell shuts down any talk of returning for American Idol reboot Was a big part of it He's a superstar! Justin Bieber surprises a group of school children on a bus in India before sold out concert in Mumbai Gave out high fives Rehab? No thanks! Scott Disick parties with gaggle of blondes amid fears he's 'drinking too much' in wake of Kourtney's new toyboy romance Kobe Bryant, Sylvester Stallone, Nastia Liukin, and Hollywood stars come out to support group trying to win 2024 Olympic bid for Los Angeles Vroom! Peter Facinelli brings girlfriend Lily Anne Harrison on motorcycle ride around Los Angeles Been going strong for more than nine months Diddy receives honors from Room to Read at swanky NYC gala after he tops Forbes list of richest hip-hop artists Hit the red carpet in a cobalt blue zip-up jacket Is she fur real? Rihanna makes a bold choice in brown pelt as she leads glam parade at Dior Cruise Collection show in LA Off-the-shoulder fur coat Recently fired Phaedra Parks 'blames RHOA producers for Porsha Williams date rape rumor' It seems the drama is still simmering Bring your mom to work day! Jennifer Lopez beams as mother Guadalupe visits her on Shades Of Blue NYC set Rushed to her mother and gave her a hug Kourtney Kardashian goes NUDE in pool for photoshoot... while 'jealous' Kylie Jenner and sisters watch on Sneak peek of the show released on Thursday Moment Love and Hip Hop Reality star is kicked off Delta flight after she 'refused to give up her glass of wine' Headed to Miami I'm a Barbie girl! Blonde Kylie Jenner transforms into a 'plastic and fantastic' living doll for eye-popping new shoot She's undressed again Giving himself a shake! Nick Jonas slurps protein drink after getting pumped at gym in Los Angeles Seen in the trendy West Hollywood area Smug Stephen Colbert claims VICTORY in his war of words with Trump because the president 'said his name' when he called him a 'no talent guy'  Beach ballerina! Katy Perry twirls around the sea in blush pink dress on girlie vacation in Mexico  Singer,32, showcased her stunning physique  Olympic figure skater Michelle Kwan only found out her husband had filed for divorce when she saw the news on TWITTER Blindsided  'I don't apologize for the letter': Steve Harvey stands by telling colleagues to stop coming to his dressing room uninvited and compares it to a 'prison' Dakota Johnson pairs blue-patterned jumpsuit with $190 Gucci plastic slides in Hollywood She's called Gucci designer Alessandro Michele 'a good friend' 'I was a go-go dancer!': Goldie Hawn reveals she danced on tables for money and took nude photo for Kurt Russell during sexy game with Amy Schumer 'I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you': Miley Cyrus credits Liam Hemsworth for her new direction after she dedicates latest music video to her fiance Her twerking days are over! Miley Cyrus proudly wears engagement ring while playing wholesome surfer girl in new video  ode to Liam Hemsworth Adrenaline junkie Tom Cruise can't stop smiling as he races down a Paris street in daring motorbike chase scene for Mission: Impossible 6 'Sincerest regrets': Chanel issues apology after Gabourey Sidibe reveals she was racially profiled at their Chicago boutique  Expressed their 'regrets' Casting her spell! Michelle Pfeiffer, 59, looks enchanting in black pantsuit at the Wizard Of Lies premiere in NYC Positively glowing Hugs and kisses! Khloe Kardashian spreads the love with XO sweatshirt as she jets into LA She was dressed in camouflage but there was no missing her TV judge Glenda Hatchett's daughter-in-law died from blood loss after giving birth via a scheduled c-section - as the son files wrongful death lawsuit Revenge wedding! Emily VanCamp takes to Instagram to announce engagement to Josh Bowman The Canadian shared news with followers 'I'm in trouble... where's the door?' Goldie Hawn recalls casting couch encounter with 45-year-old cartoonist when she was just 19 Kim klone! Ashley Graham continues to channel Kardashian's style as she showcases curves in tight-fitting white two-piece and duster coat Sons of Guns reality star who raped two underage girls is sentenced to life in prison On Discovery Channel's Sons of Guns Run every town! Jay Z signs massive decade-long $200 million touring contract It seems as though Jay Z isn't slowing down anytime soon 'When Virgin don't put your bags on the plane!' Lewis Hamilton looks despondent as he waits for missing luggage 'for over an hour' following flight from Los Angeles 'I'm single at the moment': One Direction's Niall Horan, 23, says he's in 'no rush' to get into a relationship due to his 'flat out' work schedule 13 Reasons Why stars Dylan Minnette and Katherine Langford pose for Entertainment Weekly cover...days after season two renewal 'I feel most confident in the gym': Demi Lovato reveals training MMA is 'definitely therapeutic' as she launches fitness line Promoting her new line EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire dad of Bella and Gigi Hadid slammed as judge orders him to stand trial and face possible jail for illegally building mansion Snooze to schmooze! Bella Hadid cuts a tired figure as she touches down in London in bright pink pyjamas before hitting the town in sexy ab-flashing ensemble 'People want to create drama!' Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest have been 'transparent'... amid rumors American Idol return will create 'situation' Breakaway! American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson set to join rival talent show The Voice... despite singing competition show's ABC return Nephew accused of abusing Katherine Jackson claims she should pay his legal fees as she 'spends thousands every month supporting her children' 'Nobody has the perfect life': Kylie Jenner reveals she's looking for what is 'really going to make me happy' in first Life of Kylie trailer Sneak peek Melissa McCarthy AGAIN teases her upcoming portrayal of Sean Spicer on SNL by mocking him for 'hiding in the White House shrubbery' 'My daily fix of puppy breath': January Jones cuddles up to new fluffy pet pooch Joey The 39-year-old actress shared a picture snuggled up to her pet Ugly little break-up: Lucy Hale and Anthony Kalabretta have 'split' and deleted photos of each other from social media Together almost 2 years Baby makes three! Zoe Saldana goes for stroll with husband Marco Perego and son Zen in sunny LA She carried her little boy in his car seat carrier 'She burst into tears!' Busy Philipps surprises mom by wearing wedding dress for parents' 50th anniversary celebration Her mother's dress Yo-yo dieter Kirstie Alley indulges in ice cream and cigarette as she makes a Dairy Queen pit stop The 66-year-old and a pal treated themselves Watch this space! Director Ridley Scott brings the Alien saga bursting back to life with hints of his 1979 sci-fi masterpiece  Veteran director EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The BBC's King Charles III inevitably contained plenty of howlers Not everything was accurate Alexa Chung goes casual chic in oversized sweater and leggings as she enjoys a stroll around New York Showed off her more relaxed style Checkmate! Charli XCX flaunts her washboard abs in quirky batwing crop top and coordinating flares as she enjoys launch party in London Olympic gold medalist Nastia Liukin postpones her wedding to entrepreneur Matt Lombardi just SIX weeks before the big day Shade! Jessica Chastain does epic eye-roll at Johnny Depp's dependence on earpiece while acting She expressed her annoyance 'He's a great barometer for me:' Zac Efron says he looks to younger brother Dylan for dating advice Guidance on matters of the heart Rob Kardashian digs out old pictures to wish Blac Chyna a happy birthday... after skipping her party with family and friends Turned 29 on Thursday Conrad Hilton swears at prosecutor, objects to her claims about his behavior, then stares the woman down from behind glass during second day in court Bubbles in Britain! Chelsea Clinton brings a bottle of champagne along as she visits a friend in London Wore a navy shift dress with nude pumps 'It was magical': Pregnant Serena Williams enjoys bridal shower with family and friends at luxury Miami hotel Two days of fun  As Kylie Jenner and Bella Thorne ditch traditional tops in favor of sports bras, FEMAIL rounds up  prettiest styles so YOU can elevate your game Pippa Middleton 'asks guests to bring TWO outfits to her wedding' - but are the bride-to-be's growing list of demands becoming a 'tad ridiculous'? This Is Us star Chrissy Metz rocks chic LBD as she returns to the red carpet after thanking fans for support following body shaming Playful LBD 'I never get on a scale!' Curvaceous model Kate Upton reveals she won't go on any crazy diets to lose weight before wedding to Justin Verlander 'We make decisions as parents now': John Legend reveals he and Chrissy Teigen haven't exposed baby Luna to 'entertainment' yet Little girl just turned one 'We did it discreetly': Luke Hemsworth reveals he and brothers Chris and Liam would rip into each other if they spent too much time in front of the mirror 'A budget has been set': Highly-anticipated Downton Abbey film is FINALLY 'set to begin shooting this autumn'... two years after its TV finale Competing with A-Rod? Jennifer Lopez shows off athletic physique in track jacket and clinging tights as she heads to gym in New York Working out a lot lately How I got my Baywatch body back at 49: Donna D'Errico shares pictures from her extensive plastic surgery transformation  Surgery two months ago  Trashed by an Angel: Adriana Lima appears to take aim at ex Matt Harvey following booze bender that came just days after model ditched Mets pitcher  Looking fedorable! Drew Barrymore rocks a maroon hat and baggy sweatshirt as she channels a flower-power vibe to hail a cab in New York City Boris Becker's ex-wife Barbara, 50, flaunts her long legs in fringed mini-dress as she arrives in style for Duftstars awards in Berlin Swedish royals pay their respects to the king's brother-in-law as the Spanish monarchy send off the late Duchess of Calabria  United in grief Ja Rule and Fyre Festival co-founder Billy McFarland in NEW lawsuit over unpaid $3million loan they were given just weeks before the disastrous event Tyga's mystery girl revealed! Rapper spotted stepping out with gorgeous Brazilian superstar Anitta The 24-year-old is an actress and singer Jingle Bell! Kristen gets animated with Mila Kunis on the Georgia set of A Bad Moms Christmas Shooting scenes at a shopping mall 'We finally agree on something!' Trump trolls nemesis Rosie O'Donnell for tweeting 'FIRE COMEY' in December Pair feuded for years  Trump bashes 'chained lunatic' Chris Cuomo and 'no-talent' Stephen Colbert in vicious rant against his 'dishonest' media enemies Gigi Hadid goes casual cool in quirky Tommy Hilfiger jacket on coffee run in New York... and raises eyebrows with new bling on THAT finger Rocked eccentric jacket  My Modern arrangement: Ariel Winter, 19, reveals her new boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, has moved into her home Dating for six months  Social media shopping made easy! FEMAIL rounds up most recent  Instagram snaps from celebs like Beyoncé and reveals where to shop their looks 'I would be mad too if some magazines keep trying to keep us apart': Elsa Pataky breaks silence on 'tense' photos with husband Chris Hemsworth Hard to swallow! Nicole Kidman spits out celebrity chef Giada De Laurentiis' food as they sling insults at each other during cooking segment on Ellen Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbers had made a previous heist attempt against her... but were scared off by her husband Kanye West Cara Delevingne sports a bubblegum pink wig as she shoots scenes in Toronto for new film Life In A Year... before whipping it off to reveal her shaved head Victoria Beckham looks effortlessly chic as she steps out in New York... after missing out on premiere for husband David's big acting debut in King Arthur It's Jude 2:0! Law's lookalike son Rafferty cuts a handsome figure as he poses for edgy new Timberland campaign Busy model aged 20 Don't call me Lady Gaga! Singer Stefani Germanotta drops famous stage name for A Star Is Born Decided to use her real name for big movie 'I was never afraid to be a provocative woman': Missy Elliott rocks Marc Jacobs track suit as she reveals inspiration for iconic outfits Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley showcases her blossoming baby bump in a figure-hugging black maxi dress as she steps out in Santa Monica What's in a name? Beyonce and Jay Z challenged AGAIN over second attempt to trademark Blue Ivy Carter Daughter's name The Fantastic Mr Bonneville: Downton Abbey star Hugh is to portray beloved children's author Roald Dahl in new movie about his life 'I try not to be THAT pushy dance mom!' Jenna Dewan Tatum reveals she was delighted when daughter Everly finally showed an interest in ballet class  Adrienne Bailon almost falls out of her bizarre one-sleeved shirt on date night with husband  The Real host was at friend's birthday bash  'He's Nemo!': Amy Schumer reveals forgetful Kurt Russell was delighted to meet her for first time... even though they'd already spent evening together Liberace the bargain-hunter? Legendary pianist famed for his flamboyant tastes and equally lavish spending 'shopped at Walmart', claims a friend  Elisabeth Moss gets VERY steamy with co-star Max Minghella as she goes completely NAKED for sex scene in new show The Handmaid's Tale Kate Moss and a male pal wear MATCHING khaki jackets as they step out after she was left 'pining' for beau Nikolai von Bismark during rehab stint The ultimate troll? Bow Wow claims there's a 'scientific method to his madness' attempting to suggest he purposely did the fake private jet post Tasty treats for your skin! Olivia Culpo reveals she uses skincare ingredients found in her KITCHEN to achieve her flawless appearance International stars, an Oscar-winning actress, arrests and an Uber driver: As American Idol returns to our TV screens, what happened to its contestants? Prince Charles reveals his desire to strengthen Britain's 'special relationship' with Ireland - 40 years after his 'honorary grandfather' was killed by the IRA Swedish royals are somber as they fly back from Oslo to pay their respects to the king's brother-in-law Baron Niclas Silfverschiöld who died last month Walk on the wild side: Kyle Richards prowls around with stylish leopard print clutch for night out with pal Left Catch with friend Justin Sylvester Kourtney Kardashian celebrates new beau Younes Bendjima's birthday over dinner...as ex Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking' Pretty in pastel! Duchess Kate is a vision in baby blue as she embarks on her second solo overseas visit in sunny Luxembourg The couple that sweats together stays together! Ivanka Trump and husband Jared Kushner return home after an early-morning gym session and coffee run Kylie Jenner dons crop top as she visits babies with cleft palates during philanthropic Peru trip... after donating $1million for surgery through Lip Kit collaboration Braless Joanna Krupa suffers epic wardrobe malfunction as flashbulbs expose her ample assets and underwear as she dons metallic knitted dress  'I screamed and cried through the whole first viewing': Heath Ledger's sister Kate talks about seeing her brother's unseen footage in new documentary Chris Berman breaks his silence after death of wife Kathy as ESPN host and his children say they are 'overwhelmed by the outpouring of love and sympathy'  Donald Trump Jr's 'little girl' Kai celebrates her 10th birthday at a 'build your own cake party' alongside her parents, friends, and her aunt Tiffany This Is Us star Chrissy Metz thanks fans for 'love and support' after getting body shamed for wearing PVC dress to MTV Movie & TV Awards Took to social media 'I asked God to heal my son': Goldie Hawn reveals she turned to prayer when her son Oliver nearly died after birth Now healthy 40-year-old  Tom Cruise checks out Mission Impossible 6 co-star Rebecca Ferguson on location in Paris as she struts around him in sleek figure-fitting biker gear 'We were invited back to his dressing room...': Downtown singer Petula Clark reveals she was propositioned by Elvis for a THREESOME with Karen Carpenter 'Jealous' Harry Styles fans target the One Direction star's rumored girlfriend Tess Ward as she receives a string of scathing reviews for her book Leggy Adriana Lima risks a wardrobe malfunction in sizzling slashed gown while headed to NYC shoot The 35-year-old flashed her endless legs Nicole Kidman looks almost unrecognizable in trailer for Top of the Lake: China Girl sporting a gray wig and freckled complexion She turns 50 next month Young beauty Kaia Gerber, 15, displays striking resemblance to model mother Cindy Crawford, 51, as they enjoy low-key family dinner together in LA EXCLUSIVE - Ramona Singer opens the doors to her renovated NYC apartment after using her eye for design to undertake project by herself Bella Thorne debuts her mermaid curls as she displays her enviably toned physique in a patterned sports bra and cropped tracksuit bottoms They could be sisters! Julianne Moore goes shopping in NYC's West Village with lookalike daughter Liv, 15  They are separated in age by 41 years 'He needs to go back to rehab': Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking' as Kourtney Kardashian moves on with boytoy model beau 'You're really weird': Bethenny Frankel walks away from Ramona Singer after being called 'strange' on RHONY During Wednesday's episode Kelly Ripa 'not thrilled about American Idol reboot because she fears her new co-host Ryan Seacrest may not make their show his first priority' 'Best day of my entire life': Steven Tyler's daughter Mia welcomes her first child Axton as she gushes over her newborn son's arrival in sweet Instagram tribute Coral Queen! Maxima wears a vibrant orange number to welcome the President of Costa Rica to the Netherlands - hours after partying with European royals in Oslo Charli XCX's skimpy bra top struggles to contain her eye-popping assets as the singer flashes her abs on the way to BBC studios in London Luxury three-bedroom apartment where Ringo Starr and George Harrison lived at he height of Beatlemania is up for rent for $1,800 a week Stephen Colbert compares Comey's firing to Watergate and creates 'rough drafts' of Trump's letter to FBI boss notifying him he had been sacked  Lana Del Rey swaps glittering gold mini dress for saucy semi-sheer slip in stunning new photo shoot... amid romance rumors with rapper G-Eazy Sealed with a kiss!  Kate Hudson locks lips with new musician beau Danny Fujikawa as they make red carpet debut at Snatched premiere Pair looked smitten  Buckle up! Nicole Scherzinger and French Montana step out in matching beige trench coats as they enjoy night out in LA They denied it's romance For the Love of fashion: Courtney flaunts her shapely legs in a chic shift dress and pussybow blouse at Cini party in Venice Ditched rock chick style He's got a type! Newly-single Tyga enjoys intimate dinner with a mystery girl in LA... who is the spitting image of his rumored love interest Jordan Ozuna Lily Collins jazzes up her casual jeans with glamorous slick of scarlet lipstick as she catches up with a gal pal over dinner at Dan Tana's in LA Amy Schumer flashes flesh in plunging dress with thigh-high slit for Snatched premiere... as she reveals her brother 'gagged' when he saw her nip slip in the movie Still so in love! Goldie Hawn flirts with longtime partner Kurt Russell on red carpet for LA premiere of Snatched She looked smitten with her man Kesha turns heads in $835 kooky Gucci platforms and floral suit as she joins long-term love Brad Ashenfelter at star-studded LA premiere of Snatched Performing with Glee: Lea Michele wows in plunging grey floral gown with sexy thigh-split as she shows off her dulcet tones at San Francisco gig Kylie Jenner bundles up after suffering altitude sickness as she and mom Kris land in Inca city of Cusco on a private jet on charity mission Plum perfection! Jaime King dons leather beret with purple gown at Dior Dinner in LA The 38-year-old Miu Miu model opted for a French look for the Dior event The morning after the knight before! Brooklyn Beckham cuts a trendy figure alongside pal Rocco's girlfriend Kim Turnbull in London...after King Arthur bash Life's a beach! Katy Perry cavorts solo on the sand in a skimpy string bikini with a coconut on her head The pop star showcased her stunning physique Glam Salma Hayek showcases her enviable style in sizzling pink midi dress as she enjoys a romantic evening with François-Henri Pinault at Cini party in Venice     DON'T MISS 'Dark times call for dark hair': Olivia Wilde shows off new raven locks as she gets ready for Broadway debut in 1984 Struck a sultry pose Casual chic! Jada Pinkett Smith runs errands in stylish Gucci bomber jacket... as first trailer for her new film Girls Trip is released Busy day of errands Steve Harvey sent an email to his talk show staff telling them NEVER to approach him because he wanted more free time during the day  There she blows! Jessica Biel shows off her luscious brunette locks on a windy day in Manhattan Looked windswept as she walked through NYC The boys are back in town! Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom are mobbed by fans as they hit the world premiere of Pirates Of The Caribbean film  Hot metal! Ariel Winter shows off her legs in silver sheer dress with skintight bodysuit as she takes boyfriend Levi Meaden to TV appearance Naughty but nice! Christina Milian flashes a hint of her lacy boob tube under provocative  slogan T-shirt on shopping trip In West Hollywood 'They discovered a nodule': Shark Tank star Daymond John reveals he was diagnosed with thyroid cancer...and that he's received treatment Diagnosed last year Off-duty chic! Bridesmaids star Rose Byrne, 37,  shows off style credentials in layered ensemble as she runs errands in New York City 'Same lips, red, same eyes blue': Fans insist Harry Styles' new song Two Ghosts is about ex-girlfriend Taylor Swift Apple released a 30-second trailer Tanned Kelly Bensimon takes the plunge in a slinky black dress at a charity event in New York City Looked stunning in a black floor-length gown Life in the Spotlight! Jennifer Hudson unveiled as coach on NBC's The Voice after coaching and winning latest season UK version Yes! Yes! Yes! WWE Superstars Brie Bella and Daniel Bryan have 8lbs 10oz baby daughter... and her name soars Welcome little Birdie On jolly good form! Britain's Queen Elizabeth is all smiles as she wraps up in her favorite headscarf at Royal Windsor Horse Show  Kylie Jenner wears nothing but a bra and thong as she shows off generous derriere and ample assets in revealing social media snap 'We cannot help them and kill them at the same time': Brad Pitt plays a stern army general in hilarious trailer for Netflix movie War Machine Hot Legs! Supermodel Rachel Hunter shows off her enviable figure in pretty turquoise dress as she enjoys a spot of retail therapy Rod Stewart's ex Blending in with the locals! Amber Heard flies under the radar as she dances in the streets of Byron Bay, Australia amid boisterous revelers PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant actress Tamsin Egerton shows off her blooming bump in a tight T-shirt as she gets cozy with boyfriend Josh Hartnett in the park Dress down day! Bella Hadid keeps it casual as she flaunts her toned waist in a checkered tracksuit while out in New York Off-duty beauty 'Had the best time!' Pregnant Serena Williams shows off baby bump as she promotes Disney's Pandora - World Of Avatar attraction on Instagram 'I am a lucky mom!' Sharon Stone's three sons present her with Mother of the Year Award at ABC luncheon Presented by Roan, 16; Laird, 12; and Quinn, 10 Stony-faced Jennifer Lopez gets serious during Shades Of Blue filming... yet cheeky co-star Drea de Matteo larks around on a car bonnet  'I can't talk to her': Porsha Williams reveals she hasn't spoken with Phaedra Parks since 'date rape' drama She has not talked to her former best friend Scrubbing up! Amy Schumer shares images of herself naked in the bath... after night of partying with Goldie Hawn Pictured from behind Ready for a catfight? The CW to air modern-day Dynasty revival There is no premiere date or episode count yet announced In a tight spot! Lily James struggles to hold up her stockings and suspenders as she wears 40s costume to film Guernsey scenes on the beach What's her secret? Youthful Cameron Diaz, 44, flashes a radiant face while stocking up on fresh fruit at the market Almost makeup-free 'Excessive drinking, rocking up to set late and fights with Amber': New report claims Johnny Depp caused chaos on set of Pirates Of The Caribbean Pirate of the property ladder: Johnny Depp seeking $2.48m for third of five downtown LA penthouses... as he continues to sell up after Amber Heard divorce Sheer insanity! Kate Hudson dares to bare in a see-through dress as she celebrates her new Fabletics line with Demi Lovato Pair posed up a storm Still young at heart! Susan Sarandon, 70, wears youthful jacket and cap combo as she jets out of LA They say that 70 is the new 50 Making a splash! Zac Efron and Dwayne Johnson share underwater kiss in new red band trailer for Baywatch In theaters on May 25 Jesus Christ Superstar will become a live NBC TV movie to air Easter 2018... after Jennifer Lopez's Bye Bye Birdie makes its debut this holiday season Kourtney Kardashian flashes her enviable abs in crop top and leather trousers while dining with Jonathan Cheban at Catch LA Ever-so-chic appearance Guy Ritchie cozies up to his stunning wife Jacqui Ainsley as they party the night away at star-studded bash in London... following King Arthur premiere Brooklyn Beckham tags along with pal Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull at star-studded King Arthur after-party... but where's dad David? Milla Jovovich mixes prints at LAX with husband... ahead of 20th anniversary re-release of The Fifth Element In stripes, plaid, and snakeskin 'She's the apple of our eyes': Poppy Delevingne insists she is not jealous of sister Cara... admitting supermodel was always destined for greatness Olivia Palermo goes casual in leather pants for a celeb-studded Dior dinner in Los Angeles The 31-year-old former The Hills star looked radiant in monochrome Alexis Bledel cuts a chic figure in all black alongside Elisabeth Moss at The Handmaid's Tale event in NYC Her character has been a standout in the series Wigging out! Kim Kardashian shows off new waist-length hair extensions in Snapchat video Can go from short hair to long in a matter of hours Animal lover: Kylie Jenner beams as she embraces an alpaca while on a charity trip in Peru with friends She got acquainted with an alpaca Kate Moss 'takes cameras INSIDE late pal George Michael's Highgate home for first time to give insight into tragic star's life for tribute documentary' Red hot Nicole Murphy wears eye-popping dress at charity luncheon with Hollywood pals  The 49-year-old stepped out in a skintight dress 'Put your energy somewhere constructive': Kylie Minogue's ex Joshua Sasse breaks his silence to blast 'haters' after split Let me Google that... Burglar who unsuccessfully tried to break into 50 Cent's Connecticut mansion printed out directions to get there  Guy Ritchie defends casting David Beckham in King Arthur... but the ex soccer star insists he won't be pursuing acting after fans savage his cameo role 'He's everything to me and Isis': Ex-wife of MTV star Christopher 'Big Black' Boykin shares heartbroken tweet about his passing Passed away Tuesday 'I feel pretty, oh so pretty': Melissa McCarthy lip syncs West Side Story classic as she TRANSFORMS to Sean Spicer in funny SNL promo Monochrome magic! Pretty Little Liars star Tammin Sursok flaunts her petite frame in a black and white mini dress at LA event Showed some skin Helen Hunt looks fabulous in crepe figure-hugging dress as she headlines Fox's Shots Fired event in Hollywood The actress, 53, wore a classic black dress Inflategate: Sunburned Johnny Manziel shows off post-career paunch while enjoying a dip with trio of topless beauties including fiancee Bre Tiesi in Mexico 'He can be my first date!' Caitlyn Jenner asks Australian TV presenter out during live interview and he says he would 'LOVE to have dinner' Caitlyn Jenner says she hasn't spoken to stepdaughter Kim Kardashian in 'a long time' after her biography caused a rift in their relationship Inside his life of luxury in NYC! Ryan Seacrest's $75K-a-month rental is revealed after he's spotted on date with model girlfriend Shayna Taylor Lovely in lavender: Ashley Graham shoehorns her fuller figure into skintight dress as she promotes new memoir Book signing All the right... curves! Kim Kardashian's pal and mother-of-four Larsa Pippen, 42, looks incredible in her black bikini as she heats up Miami Time for Maximum Effort! Donald Glover penning new Deadpool adult animated series for FXX Will be teaming up with his co-writer brother Conrad Hilton shouts homophobic slur in court day after refusing to leave jail for grand theft arraignment as judge orders him to go to psychiatric hospital EXCLUSIVE: With blank eyes and flat voice troubled Conrad Hilton appears in disturbing video begging dad of ex Hunter for help before stalking her  Nicky Hilton goes casual cool in sweater and jeans on walk with baby daughter in NYC... as brother Conrad is ordered to undergo psychiatric treatment 'We'd just be staring into iPhones': Jennifer Aniston says Friends reunion would be boring because technology has ruined social interactions He sure knows how to stand out! Justin Bieber rocks pink hoodie while making his way through hordes of people ahead of concert in Mumbai Flew in on his private jet More than puppy love? Sofia Richie shows off taut tummy while carrying Lewis Hamilton's bulldog... amid dating rumors Sofia and Lewis dating? Taylor Swift 'in hiding' after rough year of feuds and breakups...but is 'plotting return to spotlight as she gears up for upcoming album' Barely seen in months The Naked (Diet) Chef! Harry Styles' rumoured new girlfriend Tess Ward goes topless during spa session in India Chef and blogger Eternally youthful! Elle Macpherson, 53, shows off age-defying looks and ample cleavage in a vintage-style plunging dress on cover of Harper's Bazaar Grizzly scenes show Gianni Versace with bullets through his head as Edgar Ramirez and Ricky Martin recreate the moments after designer's murder 'He wanted fame and then when he got it, he didn't want it': Footage of Heath Ledger before his tragic death seen in new trailer for I Am Heath Ledger doco 'You can f*** off!': Melanie Griffith, 59, wears humorous but vulgar sweatshirt about cussing as she heads to gym in Beverly Hills Blonde beauty Rita Ora swamps her petite frame in oversized checked suit and killer heels as she steps out in Paris in business-chic ensemble Quirky style Prince Harry is set to replace his grandfather as head of the Royal Marines after Prince Philip's decision to step down from public roles 'Hard act to follow' Too little too late! Letters from Abby Lee Miller's dance moms and friends begging judge to 'go easy' on the reality star revealed Sentenced to prison I smashed up antique carriages, admits Prince Philip in first interview since he announced his retirement as he reveals why he took up carriage racing at 50  Best Pooch Ever! Zayn Malik cuts a brooding figure as he cuddles up to his cute French Bulldog which he adopted with girlfriend Gigi Hadid Packing a punch! Yolanda Hadid fights back against Lyme disease as she heads to a boxing gym She took a swing at her trainer City of Stars: Megyn Kelly goes casual in jeans and boots on flight to LA then gets to business checking emails as she waits for luggage at airport 'Only kings recognize queens': Nicki Minaj sparks dating rumors with legendary rapper Nas as they cozy up in intimate Instagram snap Raised eyebrows That was quick! Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin are back in New York just a day after their bikini-clad girls' trip to the tropics Had lunch together 'Why you gotta be such a tease!': Fans go into overdrive as Liam Payne offers a glimpse at his debut solo video with sizzling shirtless clip Just like in the movies! Chivalrous Prince Frederik shelters Princess Mary from the rain as the glamorous pair attend a banquet dinner in Norway Why Gwynnie's gluten-free diet is so bad for your kids: Substitute foods are loaded with fat and sugar but miss out on key proteins, study warns The party continues! European royals refuse to let the weather rain on the parade as they pull out all the stops for a SECOND day of celebrations in Oslo Lucky Suri! Katie Holmes reveals she is saving her Met Gala gowns - including custom-made dresses to pass down to her daughter Twitter users  mock rapper Bow Wow for living beyond his means after he was caught lying about flying on a private jet while on a commercial flight 'Marvel posted it on Instagram!' Tom Holland reveals he only found out he had been cast as Spider-Man after reading about it online A big surprise Tyga's rumored love interest Jordan Ozuna goes completely NAKED during girls' trip to Tulum...as rapper also travels to Mexico with the boys Bombshells Josephine Skriver and Stella Maxwell wear flirty frocks for Victoria Secret's fragrance celebration in New York City A break from glam! Jennifer Lopez is almost unrecognizable in fur hoodie... after her ex Casper Smart said he approves of her new beau A-Rod Welcome to her world! Miley Cyrus takes Liam Hemsworth on a date night to see The Flaming Lips... and the Hollywood hunk is a little out of his element  Olympic figure skater Michelle Kwan and her husband file for divorce The pair, who wed in 2013 and have no kids, are citing  'irreconcilable differences' Bill O'Reilly slammed his wife into a wall and dragged her by the throat down a staircase after she caught him having phone sex claim court docs Queen B is costly! Pretty Little Liars producer reveals they didn't use Beyonce's music on show because her songs were too expensive to license She's so 90210! Emma Roberts oozes glamour as she frames her slender figure in a colorful dress at The Beverly Hills Hotel Attending wine launch So long, Olivia Pope! Kerry Washington's hit show Scandal set to end after season seven Creator Shonda Rhimes has reportedly called time on political thriller  Memorial Day is a few weeks away but that hasn't stopped Jennifer Lopez or Gisele Bündchen from wearing white - and you can too with FEMAIL's style tips Feline spendy? Karl Lagerfeld sells a stuffed toy version of his beloved cat Choupette - for a whopping $545 Created by the toy makers at Steiff 'I felt like I was going to drop him': Peta Murgatroyd reveals she was so terrified to handle her newborn that her nanny bathed him 'for weeks' Kill Bill and Twin Peaks actor Michael Parks dies at 77 The veteran character actor died on Tuesday morning, his agent has confirmed  Paris Hilton says she INVENTED the selfie - and started all of today's hottest trends - as she poses in her portrait-filled home for W One of first reality stars Beach chic! Pretty Little Liars' Sasha Pieterse celebrates her curves in a dramatic swimwear look in Miami Previously targeted by cruel body shamers Kim Kardashian shares never-seen-before images from 2014 bridal shower as her three-year wedding anniversary to Kanye West nears 'She's dead behind the eyes and can't act her way out of a paper bag': Madonna dubbed 'movie killer' by Patti LuPone, who played Evita before Material Girl Wife of beloved ESPN sportscaster Chris Berman killed in car crash near couple's Connecticut home at the age of 67 Married for 34 years EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez's prison playlist: Former NFL star listened to Rihanna, Drake and songs about sex, love and heartache in days before suicide Move over, Cara! Poppy Delevingne flaunts her endless legs in dramatic soaring thigh-high split gown for King Arthur: Legend Of The Sword premiere in London 'We were looking so bright': Aaron Hernandez's fiancée breaks silence and says their last conversation had nothing to do with suicidal thoughts Today's headlines Most Read No delivery drones needed: Amazon founder Jeff Bezos flashes his $81bn smile while canoodling with wife... Trump 'demanded a pledge of loyalty from Comey TWICE during private dinner at the White House - but the FBI... Awkward! The moment Fyre Festival organizers told staff 'we are not able to proceed with payroll' and NO ONE... Drug dealer is jailed for five years after doctor mother-of-three died of a cocaine overdose in his... Now United Airlines passengers are being attacked by SCORPIONS! Deadly insect crawls out on flight and... Trump calls ousted FBI boss Comey 'a GRANDSTANDING SHOWBOAT' and says he 'was going to fire him regardless... Sons of Guns reality star who raped two underage girls is sentenced to life in prison Rosie O'Donnell 'sparks custody battle between her Broadway actress lover and husband' FBI agents raid office of GOP consultants over claims they stole $2.2 MILLION from their client in 2013... High school basketball captain, 16, collapses and dies during a game moments after convincing coaches she... Olympic gold medalist Nastia Liukin postpones her wedding to entrepreneur Matt Lombardi just SIX weeks... TV judge Glenda Hatchett reveals how her daughter-in-law, 39, died from blood loss 12 hours after giving... Moment Love and Hip Hop Reality star is kicked off Delta flight after she 'refused to give up her glass of... How to spot if a mole is cancerous: Animation graphic reveals the ABCDE of skin cancer warning signs  Smoking woman who sprayed GAS on customer who told her to stub out her cigarette is jailed for up to six... 'They meant to kill him': Police officer WON'T be charged for fatally shooting man with a box cutter caught... 'See you in hell': How teenage girl MS-13 gangster 'tortured her love rival, cut off her tattoo and killed... They're going for gold! Kobe Bryant, Sylvester Stallone, Nastia Liukin, and Hollywood stars come out to... 'We never want anyone to risk their life for pizza': Man in shorts is rescued from a 9,000ft snow-capped... $190,000 amphibious flying car in crisis as crash kills two employees of the firm that makes it - including... Former Democrat Senator is found guilty of stealing money from charity meant to support poor children 'Don't you get it... I won!' Smug Stephen Colbert claims VICTORY in his war of words with Trump because the... Trump insists 'I have nothing to do with Russia' and Michael Flynn is 'a very good person' despite lie to... 'We finally agree on something!' Trump trolls nemesis Rosie O'Donnell for tweeting 'FIRE COMEY' in December Trump says Russia is 'laughing up their sleeves' over Democrats' election interference claims – as White... 'Let's make peace!': Trump tries to save face after Russia released photos of White House meeting as he... Trump bashes 'filthy, no-talent' Stephen Colbert and 'chained lunatic' Chris Cuomo in vicious rant against... Acting FBI boss REJECTS White House claim that agents were ‘near uprising’ against Comey, telling Senate... Trump WON'T visit with rank and file FBI agents after firing their boss despite spokeswoman saying it was... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: 'He thumbed his nose at the city and his neighbors!' LA attorney lashes out at billionaire father of Bella and Gigi Hadid as judge orders him to stand trial and face possible JAIL for illegally building his Bel Air mega-mansion Eight-year-old killed himself just two days after he was beaten unconscious by a classmate in school bathrooms No delivery drones needed: Amazon founder Jeff Bezos flashes his $81bn smile while canoodling with wife during some real-world shopping at an ancient Italian market Middle school teacher and married mother-of-three, 47, 'kills herself in front of cops' one day after she was accused of having sex with a student Hanged outlaws, Apache prisoners and unforgiving terrain: Brutal images reveal the hardships of early travelers heading to the Old West and the dangers they faced  'Saddest dog in the world', who touched the hearts of millions of animal lovers, faces being PUT DOWN in a week after she was rejected by a SECOND family 'My daddy keeps hitting me in the head': Adrian Jones, 7, told authorities he was being beaten by his evil father and stepmother TWO YEARS before he was tortured to death and fed to pigs International best-selling artists, an Oscar-winning actress, arrests and an Uber driver: As American Idol returns to our TV screens, what happened to its previous contestants? Mother kept her three-year-old daughter's body in bed for 11 DAYS after she collapsed and died of brain aneurysm on Christmas Day  Can YOU tell how old she is? Super-fit mother looks so young people think her 22-year-old son is her boyfriend Trump bashes 'filthy, no-talent' Stephen Colbert and 'chained lunatic' Chris Cuomo in vicious rant against his 'dishonest' media enemies 'I don't apologize for the letter': Steve Harvey stands by telling colleagues to stop coming to his dressing room uninvited and compares it to a 'prison' Trashed by an Angel: Adriana Lima appears to take aim at ex Matt Harvey following booze bender that came just days after model ditched the slumping pitcher and 'rekindled romance with Patriots star Julian Edelman' Trump calls ousted FBI boss Comey 'a GRANDSTANDING SHOWBOAT' and says he 'was going to fire him regardless of Deputy AG's recommendation' - dropping bomb on his own staff's version of events San Francisco police release bodycam footage of officers in fatal shooting of knifeman, 26, inside a Subway Man is arrested having oral sex in broad daylight in the middle of a McDonald’s restaurant Conrad Hilton swears at prosecutor, repeatedly objects to her claims about his behavior during arrest, and then stares the woman down from behind glassed enclosure during second day in court Parents and teenage daughter are arrested after 'throwing a booze-filled party for high schoolers' where the dad, 39, committed sex act with a 16-year-old girl EXCLUSIVE: Sacked James Comey is on a run of bad luck - he lost $500,000 on sale of his Gold Coast Connecticut home months before he was fired The women who beg to be whipped… to show their LOVE: Brutal Ethiopian tribal ceremony sees females lashed to demonstrate dedication to their men Harvard to hold a separate commencement ceremony for black students 'Do not enter the water!' Police warn beachgoers after helicopter spots 25 great white sharks circling a California beach TV judge Glenda Hatchett reveals how her daughter-in-law, 39, died from blood loss 12 hours after giving birth to her second child via a scheduled c-section - as her son sues And you thought today's celebs were bad! Amazing pictures show stars of the Victorian era who were haunted by affairs, scandal, stalkers, bigamy and even MURDER  Why ARE parked BMWs spontaneously catching fire across the country? Owners demand answers as dozens of the luxury German cars burst into flames while the engines were OFF  Shocking moment a teenage boy savagely beats up his mother at an optical store because 'the glasses she bought for him were too cheap'  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News Sports Business Food 63° Full Menu 63° Home Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:31 Midday slump at work? 3 moves that can boost your energy Pause 1:57 Working toward a new single-terminal KCI 2:54 Tom Bossert says cybersecurity order will help keep U.S. safer 0:24 Frank Mason says Celtics' Isaiah Thomas proves 'heart over hype' can work in NBA 2:08 Kansas business owner gives pet names to burglars caught on camera 2:58 Brown recluse spider bite causes necrosis in man's leg 1:06 Faith Hill booed in St. Louis for mentioning NFL Draft 0:23 Male robber at-large captured on camera in Lenexa 5:35 ABC's Matthew Dowd discusses detachment from political parties with The Star's Editorial Board 6:34 Mayor Sly James reveals surprise plan for new KCI terminal Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Wal-Mart employees are attending classes in the back of the Wal-Mart Supercenter in Shawnee. Improved customer service and consistency between stores are two of the goals of the Walmart Academy. Keith Myers The Kansas City Star Workplace May 11, 2017 11:27 AM Inside Wal-Mart’s new training sessions: Trying to adapt to retail landscape changes By Diane Stafford stafford@kcstar.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Jesse Rice’s job is to sell meat in the grocery department of a Kansas City Wal-Mart store. But ask him what he does and you’ll hear him sell himself as well as his employer. He’ll tell you how he uses the retailer’s “My Productivity” tool to help with cross merchandising — to, say, pull buns from the bread shelves and display them next to the hotdogs and hamburger meat in grilling season, but not at Easter when hams get pride of place. “I strive for excellence. I want perfection,” Rice said. “I know that’s impossible, but at the same time, we are definitely striving for it. We want the customers to come in and find everything they need. And if they have questions, we want everyone to be there, to be able to help them.” Wal-Mart officials shepherding a reporter and photographer in the rare access behind the scenes at Wal-Mart insist that Rice wasn’t coached to say that. It could well be that there’s no faking the enthusiasm of a young man who’s a couple of days into the new Wal-Mart Academy, a training program that by the end of 2017 will have reached a quarter million employees of the world’s largest retailer. For Rice, the meat department isn’t just a low-wage or temporary job. He sees a career path where others may see a dead-end. He intends to one day become a store manager and, beyond that, a market manager supervising multiple stores. All of the dozen front-line hourly supervisors or department managers recently grouped around a training table in the back of the Shawnee Wal-Mart store may not share Rice’s thoughts or goals, but for a few days they were captive to — and clearly engaged in — a concentrated Wal-Mart effort, new this year, to infuse consistency across its massive retail landscape. “Retail is changing,” said Erica Jones, a Wal-Mart public relations person from the company’s Bentonville, Ark., headquarters. “The way customers shop is changing. We need to provide our associates more tools to keep up with the times.” While the company slows down store expansion to invest in remodeling and raising employee pay, it also is establishing dedicated training sites in select stores across the country, 100 so far and 200 by the end of the year. The Shawnee store has the Wal-Mart Academy for the Kansas City area. Its training site occupies 2,500 square feet at the back of the store, replete with ranks of desktop computers, iPads, Apple-based software and walls decorated with trademark blue and yellow graphics with upbeat messages. Ian Markley, one of 17 trainers — called facilitators — at the Shawnee academy, wears a headset and carries an electronic device as he maneuvers through a training room. Lesson information is synced onto the trainees’ individual screens or projected on a wall-mounted screen. Participants lean over small yellow pads, scribbling copious notes as Markley digs into the minutiae of restocking and order programs. In another room, facilitator Nichole Umscheid leads a class through a “replenishment cycle” exercise. She reminds them that Wal-Mart’s computer systems do 90 percent of inventory ordering automatically, but “you may need to do about 10 percent manually.” What if a forecast ice storm depletes the bread aisle or the ice-melt supplies? It’s still too early for the company to know if these exercises truly help in motivating or retaining workers. The Wal-Mart Academies debuted in February 2016 for top store managers only. In October, assistant store managers, Wal-Mart’s first level of salaried management, began cycling through. About 1,400 associates were trained in the Kansas City region in the first four months of the Shawnee Wal-Mart Academy. When all the sites are up and running, the company expects 140,000 associates to cycle through annually. That’s still a pittance of Wal-Mart’s 2 million associates because not all associates are eligible. At first glance, store managers say they’re seeing a difference among the front-line supervisors who’ve been through the new training programs — up to six weeks’ worth — designed for accelerating job titles. That doesn’t mean that every shopper will see an immediate customer service difference from every check-out clerk or stocker they encounter. But the more intensive academy training does follow the retailer’s new “Pathways Foundation” training, which every new hire is expected to complete. There’s an incentive for completion: Starting pay is $9 an hour, but it jumps to $10 when the 90-day foundation program is finished. Some of the training includes unabashed cheerleading. Yes, there is a Wal-Mart cheer, but The Star didn’t have access to watch it. There’s also a bright yellow and blue graphic on the floor that leads from the training rooms to the retail floor. Walk the path and read: “From this day forward, I solemnly promise & declare that every time a customer comes within 10 feet of me... “I will SMILE... “LOOK them in the eye... “and GREET them. “So Help Me, Sam.” The reference, of course, is to Wal-Mart founder Sam Walton. The training rooms are lined with taped-up papers torn from flip-chart easels. In one exercise, participants offer up comments — things that never should be said — “It’s not my job.” “I don’t know.” “I can’t.” Other papers are filled with attitudes and behaviors that should be followed: “Always do the right thing … while no one is watching.” “Give respect to earn respect.” “Be willing to apologize to someone.” Cynics and critics, such as Wal-Mart workers who share comments at OUR Walmart, say their experience is different. The name stands for Organization United for Respect at Walmart, and the organizers say it exists “to ensure that every Associate, regardless of title, age, race, or sex, is respected at Walmart.” They see an organization contrary to the training room’s flip charts. Various personal submissions on the site contend that the company pays too little, needs to provide paid sick days for part-time workers, discriminates against women and minorities in promotions, and cuts weekly work hours shorter than they need to pay their bills. Wal-Mart says it provides paid time off that can be used for paid sick days. Complaints often center on hours being cut below 30 hours a week, the level above which Wal-Mart would be required under the Affordable Care Act to offer health care insurance. Even on Wal-Mart’s own website, associates often follow up on corporate announcements with accounts of their own differing experiences. A lengthy chain earlier this year included complaints about lack of training, lack of hours, lack of opportunity for promotion, and even lack of parking spaces for workers nearer the store doors. The $10-an-hour base pay, announced last year, “is a start. But it’s not the finish,” according to OUR Walmart members. “We need $15 an hour and access to consistent, full-time hours so that we can take care of our families,” they state on the website. “Every associate deserves a raise, not just new associates. Every associate deserves an opportunity to have consistent, full-time hours so we can plan our lives and care for our families.” Jones, the Wal-Mart public relations official, countered that OUR Walmart complaints represent a minority of the workforce. She said she hopes many of them will stay with the company and grow in their jobs. “Our part-time associates also are given first shot to pick up full-time hours in their stores or others,” she said. She particularly touted new “schedule transparency” software that gives workers better insight into their work schedules at least two weeks in advance. It also lets them know of hours available to pick up if they want. The company also is providing more fixed work schedules instead of shift times that bounce around. But, one worker alleged on the OUR Walmart site that to get a promotion she had to agree to be available whenever the store scheduled her. The average hourly full-time pay at Wal-Mart went to $13.69 an hour this year and can rise to $24 for some hourly associates. The numbers reflect part of a $2.7 billion investment in wages and training that the company announced two years ago. “Our goal is to build a stronger pipeline of talent in the stores and show a career path,” Jones said. Currently only full-time employees, both hourly and salaried, are in the Wal-Mart Academy classes. One of the training goals is to clarify their possible career path — from hourly supervisor or department manager to assistant store manager (Wal-Mart’s first-level salaried position that now pays $48,500 a year). For the ambitious — like meat department worker Rice — that increasingly narrower pipeline would go to shift manager to store manager to market manager to regional manager and, maybe, the Bentonville executive suites. Diane Stafford: 816-234-4359, @kcstarstafford In a classroom inside the Wal-Mart Supercenter in Shawnee, facilitator Nichole Umscheid (standing, left) talks with students in her Wal-Mart Academy class. Keith Myers kmyers@kcstar.com Wal-Mart Academy students Celia Flores Lagunas (from left), Cherie Johnson and Janet Holcomb make a short video showing the product cycle at a typical Wal-Mart, including unloading new merchandise. Keith Myers kmyers@kcstar.com Wal-Mart Academy trainer Erin Trotter (standing) trains employees in classrooms at the Wal-Mart Supercenter in Shawnee. Keith Myers kmyers@kcstar.com 1 of 3 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:31 Midday slump at work? 3 moves that can boost your energy Pause 1:57 Working toward a new single-terminal KCI 2:54 Tom Bossert says cybersecurity order will help keep U.S. safer 0:24 Frank Mason says Celtics' Isaiah Thomas proves 'heart over hype' can work in NBA 2:08 Kansas business owner gives pet names to burglars caught on camera 2:58 Brown recluse spider bite causes necrosis in man's leg 1:06 Faith Hill booed in St. Louis for mentioning NFL Draft 0:23 Male robber at-large captured on camera in Lenexa 5:35 ABC's Matthew Dowd discusses detachment from political parties with The Star's Editorial Board 6:34 Mayor Sly James reveals surprise plan for new KCI terminal Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 14 hours ago Midday slump at work? 3 moves that can boost your energy 1:31 14 hours ago Midday slump at work? 3 moves that can boost your energy 0:56 7 days ago Canine comfort during your cut and color 0:46 a month ago Union officials still making and spending big money View More Video Workplace ‘What next?’ Research says people start asking themselves that at about age 50 Florist sticks with tradition in Instagram era A little fib to Neiman Marcus helped make Dallas entrepreneur the king of sheets CEO: Power through racism, don't let anyone deny your dream Rex Huppke: Nothing worse at work than a man convinced he's right Workplace Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Williamsburg Walmart hosts ceremony for graduates of new training program 60 employees who work for the Walmart on E. Rochambeau graduated from their two week training program on May 11.  60 employees who work for the Walmart on E. Rochambeau graduated from their two week training program on May 11.  Troy Jefferson Privacy Policy Walmart has started a new training academy to ensure that they have the most prepared employees. “We focus on operations, merchandising and leadership. It’s a very unique training style for us because it combines the classroom as well as hands on,” said Bob Davis, regional general manager. The two week training session culminated with a graduation ceremony at the Walmart on E Rochambeau Dr on Thursday morning. Walmart has planned 200 training sessions across the country by the end of the year. Walmart hopes the training program will serve as a breeding ground for strong employees. “We started last year and the goal is to better position ourselves for the future by investing in our people,” Davis said. One of the graduates of the Williamsburg training session found the class beneficial. “I thought the academy was awesome. It was a lot training and a lot of interaction,” said Melissa McLeod. “There was management skills, processes, everything on how to help the customers. It was all inclusive. It really made you feel empowered.” McLeod said she is looking forward to teaching her fellow employees some of the skills she learned. The Walmart E. Rochambeau class had a graduate class of 60 students and only the best of the best were chosen to participate. “It’s basically job specific if they are a department manager or leader in the store then they are selected,” Davis said. “They have to pass an assessment at the end and if they don’t, they don’t graduate.” Davis said graduating doesn’t come with a pay raise but the class does teach skills that help employees get promoted, which does come with a pay bump. For store manager, Deborah Jolly, the training academy is about helping the Walmart shoppers. “The academy is bringing better customer service to our store,” said Jolly. Jefferson can be reached by phone at 757-790-9313. Copyright © 2017, The Virginia Gazette Gazette News Video Pictures: Williamsburg-area photos from readers VGTV News Community Sports Life Obits Last Word eNewspaper Advertise 54°
NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street The Strategist Log In Register My Account My Profile My Comments My Reviews My Friends Sign Out FOLLOW: Facebook Twitter Instagram Vulture TV Movies Music Plus What to Stream Search Hot Topics: Handmaid's Tale Summer Preview Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Vulture Festival! Sections Home TV Movies Music What to Stream Hot Topics Handmaid's Tale Summer Preview Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Vulture Festival! Vulture's Network NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture Science of Us Grub Street Bedford & Bowery Like Us Follow Us Follow Us Ad will collapse in seconds… CLOSE Popular on Vulture chat room May 11, 2017 05/11/2017 9:14 am Tracy Morgan Reflects on Life, Death, and Why He Doesn’t Care for Politics By E. Alex Jung Share Facebook iconShare Twitter iconTweet Google Plus iconShare Pinterest iconPin It Email iconEmail Comment iconComment Print icon Print Photo: Jemal Countess/Getty Images “I’m relaxing so you gonna get the best side of me,” Tracy Morgan says as he stretches out on the divan of the hotel room where he’s doing a junket for his upcoming Netflix stand-up special, Staying Alive, available on the streaming network on May 16. If you wondered whether Morgan would talk about the car accident that left him with traumatic brain injury and a broken femur and killed his friend and fellow comic Jimmy Mack, look no further than the title and the opening bit, which features Morgan walking with Walmart shopping bags on the street before he gets hit by a truck. “That was the first day I wanted to be funny,” Morgan says. In the special, he talks about the accident, but he also talks a lot about his family, his grandmother, his Aunt Flossy, and his baby daughter Maven, who was born a year before the accident. “I talked about my life in the last three years, ups and downs,” he explains. “It wasn’t just down though, that’s not comedy. I talked about my marriage, the baby, the glory, too. I talk about it all.” Morgan pulls a chair up toward him so I can put the recorder near his mouth, and places an arm underneath his head as he talks about how the accident changed his perspective on life, his bucket list, and why he doesn’t care to talk about politics. How did the opening bit come together? Walmart? You think about it, it was true! I just took the reality of it and made it funny. I injected my sense of humor into it, y’know, it’s the truth. I did get hit by a Walmart truck but I’m not supposed to talk about it. I just did it in a funny way like I’ve done every other thing that happened bad in my life. I turned it good with my sense of humor, the gift that God gave me. I injected it into it. So the truth, you know what I’m saying, I put a sense of humor on top of that and then people laugh. Some people might not want to revisit that. Well, some people don’t do stand-up. I do. Richard Pryor taught me that: Gotta be truth in it and it was. You talked a lot about the recovery. Was that in some ways the most difficult part of your past three years? No, it wasn’t. The hardest part about all of this was forgiving that driver, and that’s even in there and in a funny way. That was the hardest part of all of this, because if I didn’t do that we wouldn’t be sitting here talking. I couldn’t move forward if I ain’t forgive him. How’d you get to that place? I asked God for the strength. That’s the only way that strength come from. You ever had people do wrong to you? You ever forgave them? Where you think that kind of strength come from? The government? No. Not this government! Come from God. It’s the only one that can give you the strength to forgive those who trespass upon you. Do you feel like the accident has made you firmer in your faith? No, I’ve always been firm in my faith since I ran away from home at 13. I’ve always felt a presence. It brought me closer, yeah, I guess you could say it made me a bit firmer in my belief. You can’t go through something like that and not change a bit. You can’t. There’s no way. So I just know now my purpose in life is to connect the dots and spread love. There’s so much hate in this world, man. It’s time to spread love. But I’ve always believed. What are some of the things that helped you during recovery? My wife, my daughter, fighting, my fans, you, them, gettin’ back to the stage, making people laugh. I went hard, man, I put everything, I still go hard every day, every day. Y’know, just working hard. What you put in is what you get out. At the end of the day when I’m going, I want people … can I curse? Can I use profanity? Yes, please. At the end of the day when I’m in that box, man, I want people to say, That was a funny motherfucker, man. He ran a good race. He was good to people. He was good to himself and he believed in God, man. That’s it. You spoke about how watching people like Tina Fey made you want to be working again. Yeah, of course. I seen those, like Tina and Kevin Hart. At first it wasn’t easy. I got really depressed; really, I went through a deep depression. And my wife, she was the one, my gravity. She brought me back down to Earth. She said, You’ll do it again. You’ll be fine. That’s all she would say: You gonna be fine. Her and Dr. Laura. Dr. Laura was the one that cut my bloody clothes off me that night. She sat with me when I was in a coma every day, but Nurse Jackie was in the rehab, and because of the brain trauma, I was really, really mean to her. I threw my remote control. I didn’t know who I was, and she would go to the door every night with her hand on the light switch and wouldn’t even look at me. She would just say, Everything gonna be fine, turn the light off. Every night. She would sit out in the back of the hospital with me and read me books. Good lady. I love those people. So it wasn’t just me. I had people saying prayers for me, man. All those prayers going up, the blessings come down. When the prayers go up, the blessings come down, and that’s how it happened. When did you start writing the set for the stand-up? We started writing maybe two years ago. I started writing when I came out the hospital. I was writing in the hospital, but then when I came out and I got clear, clear, clear after a year and change, maybe two years after the accident. I was clear, clear, clear, then I got out with my facilitators, and we just started putting it together and that’s what it was. Were there any challenges writing it? There’s always challenges, of course, because I had to relive it. I relive it every day. People see me on the streets, have this goodwill and this love and they just care. They want to know if you’re all right. But for me, it can be traumatizing because I relive it. If I walk down the street, every block there’s 30 people that ask me, Are you okay about the accident? Or they ask me about the accident. So sometimes it’s difficult and I’ll just stay in the house because I don’t wanna relive it. My daughter’s a baby, my wife is young, and I’ve got to live and I got to grow, and if I stay back there then I won’t grow. But I dealt with that a long time ago. When I forgave that driver, I moved forward. Did you talk with the driver? No. For what? What do I have to say? I don’t know him, never saw him before. I only saw him on YouTube. I don’t know him. He killed my best friend, man. No, what’re you gonna say to me? We don’t know him. I prayed to God to forgive him for that because I knew it was an accident; nonetheless, Jimmy’s gone. I don’t really wanna … I moved forward with my life. Could you talk a little bit about Jimmy Mack? Aw Jimmy. Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy was the man. I love Jimmy. He was my OG. He was 62 years old: funny, funny, funny dude. Funny dude, that’s all I got to say. Jimmy was very funny and he would facilitate things with me. We would talk on the phone at three o’clock in the morning, four o’clock in the morning. That’s when friends talk. That’s when Bruce Lee called Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and said, “I got a movie called the Game of Death,” four o’clock in the morning. Kareem said “I’m in” and that was it. That was Jimmy. I was, “Hey Jimmy, I want you to go out with me out to Delaware to do the show,” he said: “I’m in.” Boom. I gotta live with that every day because I asked him to be there. Life is precious. I see how quick it could go. One minute Jimmy was here, the next minute he wasn’t, but I’ve been going through that since I was a kid just from where I grew up at. You’ve gotta understand. I got traumatic stress disorder just growing up in the ghetto. I seen my first murder at 8. On top of that, I got TBI: traumatic brain injury. I got all of that. You know how fucked up I am? [Chuckles.] I take that and make it funny, that’s the gift God gave me. That’s why I’m a comedian. I just told a young man, parking downstairs. He started complaining, looked to the side of my car and started complaining. I said, “Stop complaining. I don’t even know you. Stop complaining,” because when you think you doing bad there’s somebody out there doing worse. So I don’t feel sorry for myself. I just give love. We just gave money to somebody downstairs with no legs. We’ve gotta think about these things, man, I just want to make the world conscious. What do you think about the health-care bill that the Republicans are … I don’t discuss politics. Never gave a fuck about it. Know why? Why? I’m down with the King. I don’t give a fuck about no bill; it ain’t gonna save your life. When your room is ready, your room is ready. I don’t give a fuck about none of that shit. Never cared about no president. Nothing, none of that. I’m down with the King. God is still on the throne. I don’t give a fuck some health bill. When your room is ready, your room’s ready. Right, but it can help you if you’re sick. Sure can, that’s a nice thing to say. No, I think it actually … Right. You could lay down and go to sleep and just not fucking wake up. That’s true. It happens every day. You just got to know, you got to stay on the right side and keep your faith in God. I don’t give a fuck about no health bill. That’s just shit we find to be stressed about. What’s on your bucket list? I know that you went to the Kentucky Derby. But what else is on my bucket list? Maybe jump out of a plane with a parachute. Maybe go to Mount Everest. Maybe get in a submarine and go to the bottom of the Mariana Trench. So, adventure? Yeah. Oh, what’s next on my bucket list? Tonight I’m going home to get my wife pregnant, that’s next on Tracy Morgan’s fucking bucket list. I’m old school. I don’t pull out. I’m like prison: When I come in, I come in. That’s next on my bucket list. Go impregnate my wife tonight. [Laughs.] What else would you want to do in your career? As far as professional, my wish is to one day do a movie with Eddie Murphy. I love Eddie. I want to do a movie. He’s one of my biggest comedic heroes. Him and Richard [Pryor] and George Carlin and Jackie Gleason and Lucille Ball and Moms Mabley, the comedy gods, and Eddie’s here and I would love to do a movie with Eddie Murphy, professionally. That’s my wish. Related Tracy Morgan Returns to SNL As One of Beyoncé’s Babies in Her Womb Tags: tracy morgan staying alive standup comedy tv comedy chat room More Tracy Morgan Reflects on Life, Death, and Politics Share on Facebook Tweet this Story Top Stories This Twin Peaks Trailer Teases Some New Stars SNL Has the First Black Bachelorette Meet a Bunch of Dumb White Suitors Fyre Festival Just Got Hit With Its Seventh Lawsuit Most Viewed Stories The 11 Most Extravagant Things Johnny Depp Wasted His Money On Summer 2017 Podcast Preview: The 12 Shows We Can’t Wait to Hear What’s New on Netflix: May 2017 The Real Housewives of New York City Recap: Toppers and Bottomers Alexis Bledel on Her Hardest Scene to Shoot for The Handmaid’s Tale What to Stream Now See what's new and notable on Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, and HBO Kathryn Hahn Is Nobody’s Sidekick SNL Has the First Black Bachelorette Meet a Bunch of Dumb White Suitors Meet the New and Improved Miley Cyrus on Her New Song ‘Malibu’ Johnny Depp Is ‘Not a Morning Person,’ Everyone on the Set of Pirates 5 Agrees Master of None’s Second Season Is Even Better Than Its First Most Popular Video On Vulture Because You've Always Been Curious What Alison Brie's Wrestling Name Would Be Latest News from Vulture 12:21 a.m. I Love Dick Series Premiere Recap: Welcome to Marfa “Dear Dick: This is about obsession.” Yesterday at 11:51 p.m. Grey’s Anatomy Recap: Man on Fire Finally, a juicy development about Owen’s long-lost sister! Yesterday at 11:41 p.m. Stephen Colbert Gleefully Responds to President Trump Calling Him ‘Filthy’ “I win.” Yesterday at 10:53 p.m. The Big Bang Theory Season Finale Recap: I Do? “The Long Distance Dissonance” offers a big Shamy payoff. Yesterday at 10:30 p.m. Riverdale Season Finale Recap: Something Wicked This Way Comes This town is really having a rough couple of months, huh? Yesterday at 10:28 p.m. Seth Meyers Takes Us Into the Bushes to Track Trump’s Changing Comey Story Sean Spicer hid among, not in, the White House bushes to avoid the press. Yesterday at 10:00 p.m. Riverdale’s Showrunner Talks Final Cliffhangers, Incest, and Season Two “All roads on Riverdale lead back to Twin Peaks.” Yesterday at 9:00 p.m. Fire Island Recap: Happy Hour Patrick and Cheyenne really need to get over their feud. Yesterday at 8:44 p.m. Harry Styles Says Masturbation Lyrics Are Up for ‘Interpretation’, You Perv “I think we danced around that one O.K.” Yesterday at 8:40 p.m. The Desert Trip Festival Will Not Return in 2017 There will be no Led Zeppelin reunion in the desert. Yesterday at 8:04 p.m. New Drama Good Girls Starring Retta is Coming to NBC The drama about suburban housewives also stars Mae Whitman. Yesterday at 8:03 p.m. Remember The Good Times: Here Are All The Shows That Got Cancelled This Season The time travel bubble has definitely burst. Yesterday at 7:30 p.m. Maisie Williams and Anya Taylor-Joy to Star in X-Men Spinoff New Mutants Meet Woflsbane and Magik. Yesterday at 7:01 p.m. Danny Brown and Silicon Valley Are a Match Made in Heaven Danny Brown is a perfect fit for Mike Judge’s tech comedy Yesterday at 6:43 p.m. L.A. Reid Is Leaving Epic Records After Six Bittersweet Years What does this mean for the artists he signed? Yesterday at 5:56 p.m. Red Nose Day Actually Trailer: Andrew Lincoln’s Cue Card Has a Question “Do you like the beard?” Yesterday at 5:54 p.m. Sorry, American Idol: Kelly Clarkson Will Join The Voice As a Coach in Season 14 Clarkson joins Jennifer Hudson in not judging the reboot of American Idol. Yesterday at 5:32 p.m. Review: Snatched Doesn’t Know What to Do With Its Premise or Its Stars I don’t fault Amy Schumer for pushing the lines of taste and correctness. I do fault director Jonathan Levine for his whack-you-over-the-head pacing. Yesterday at 5:31 p.m. Damn, KRS-One Has No Idea Which Beastie Boys Member Is Dead “Like a late fog in the mist / I see King Ad-Rock / and rest in peace Nate Dogg / their names and their natures will last.” Yesterday at 4:59 p.m. This Twin Peaks Trailer Teases Some New Stars Is that you, Gossip Girl alum Jessica Szohr? Home TV Movies Music Books New On Netflix Newsletters Facebook Twitter RSS Feedly Privacy Terms Sitemap Media Kit Ad Choices About Us Contacts Feedback We’re Hiring! © 2017, New York Media LLC. View all trademarks LOG IN REGISTER Social Account Facebook or Remember Me Forgot Password? Sign up with a social account: Facebook Don’t worry. We will never post to your social media account without your permission. or create an account Female Male NYMag.com may email me about new site features and special offers. By creating an account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. We’ve sent a registration confirmation email to . Please follow the instructions in the email within 48 hours to complete your registration. Forgot Your Password? Enter your email address or username and we’ll email instructions on how to reset your password. This username or email is associated with a Facebook account. Log in with your social account: Facebook Check Your Inbox We’ve sent you an email with instructions on how to reset your password. Choose a Username Your username will appear next to your comments. Email: By creating a NYMag.com account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You already have an account registered under . You can link your Facebook account to your existing account. No, Sign In Welcome! You are now a registered user of NYMag.com, TheCut.com, Vulture.com, ScienceOfUs.com and GrubStreet.com. Want more? Subscribe to our daily newsletters. Daily Intelligencer Constant news updates on politics, business, media, and real estate. Vulture Breaking news and analysis on all the latest TV, movies, music, books, theater, and art. The Cut Get the latest fashion, beauty, and shopping news and recommendations. No Thanks We're sorry. You must confirm your registration within 48 hours of submitting your registration request. Please register again. You are already registered. Please log in. Reset Your Password Enter a new password Your password has been successfully changed. Please log in.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman WhyteSpyder and Mercy Health Foundation Partner for Cornhole Event FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Fayetteville eCommerce company WhyteSpyder is preparing for its 4th Annual Catfish, Corndog and Cornhole Tournament, benefitting Mercy Health Foundation. The event will take place at the Mercy Hospital Campus North Field/Parking Lot on Friday, June 16, 2017, with all proceeds going to the Mercy Health Foundation. „This is our way of bringing the community together to enjoy an afternoon of great food and fun,” said WhyteSpyder CEO Eric Howerton. [embedded content] WhyteSpyder promises another successful event, with all proceeds benefiting Mercy Health Foundation. WhyteSpyder has presented three cornhole tournaments over the last three years, each benefitting a different local cause. This year, 100% of the proceeds from the event will benefit Mercy Health Foundation and their efforts to improve the quality of life in Northwest Arkansas. „This event will help provide much needed resources to enhance healthcare services in Northwest Arkansas, and will also go a long way in building relationships between the community and the hospital,” said Clark Ellison, Regional Vice President of South Central Communities for Mercy Health Foundation. „We’re wanting to obviously raise some funds, but more than that we’re hoping to really have some fun, and I think that’s where this event is really going to be good,” added Ellison. Teams can register online and sponsors can find more information about the event at http://catfishcorndogsandcornhole.com/. The registration deadline for event sponsors is May 26. For more information, contact event coordinator, Casey Crowell, at (479) 287-4006 or ccrowell@whytespyder.com. About WhyteSpyder: WhyteSpyder helps Walmart and Sam’s Club manufacturers setup, manage, and optimize product data and content on Walmart.com and Samsclub.com. WhyteSpyder keeps with the strategic vision of Walmart and Sam’s Club when creating and managing content. We use any distribution technology accepted by retailers that is beneficial for manufacturers and their agencies. Learn more about WhyteSpyder by calling 479-287-4006 or visiting www.whytespyder.com. About Mercy: Mercy, named one of the top five large U.S. health systems in 2017 by Truven, an IBM Watson Health company, serves millions annually. Mercy includes 43 acute care and specialty (heart, children’s, orthopedic and rehab) hospitals, more than 700 physician practices and outpatient facilities, 40,000 co-workers and more than 2,000 Mercy Clinic physicians in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. Mercy also has outreach ministries in Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas.  Press Contact:  Casey Crowell WhyteSpyder 1023 Milsap Rd Fayetteville, AR 72703 ccrowell@whytespyder.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/whytespyder-and-mercy-health-foundation-partner-for-cornhole-event-300455595.html SOURCE WhyteSpyder Related Links http://whytespyder.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCorporate Social Responsibility Post navigation Previous PostPrevious UL Warns of Potentially Hazardous AC Plug Adapter (Release 17PN-03) Next PostNext DNAtrix Oncolytic Myxoma Virus Eliminates Treatment-Resistant Cancer Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman WhyteSpyder and Mercy Health Foundation Partner for Cornhole Event FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Fayetteville eCommerce company WhyteSpyder is preparing for its 4th Annual Catfish, Corndog and Cornhole Tournament, benefitting Mercy Health Foundation. The event will take place at the Mercy Hospital Campus North Field/Parking Lot on Friday, June 16, 2017, with all proceeds going to the Mercy Health Foundation. „This is our way of bringing the community together to enjoy an afternoon of great food and fun,” said WhyteSpyder CEO Eric Howerton. [embedded content] WhyteSpyder promises another successful event, with all proceeds benefiting Mercy Health Foundation. WhyteSpyder has presented three cornhole tournaments over the last three years, each benefitting a different local cause. This year, 100% of the proceeds from the event will benefit Mercy Health Foundation and their efforts to improve the quality of life in Northwest Arkansas. „This event will help provide much needed resources to enhance healthcare services in Northwest Arkansas, and will also go a long way in building relationships between the community and the hospital,” said Clark Ellison, Regional Vice President of South Central Communities for Mercy Health Foundation. „We’re wanting to obviously raise some funds, but more than that we’re hoping to really have some fun, and I think that’s where this event is really going to be good,” added Ellison. Teams can register online and sponsors can find more information about the event at http://catfishcorndogsandcornhole.com/. The registration deadline for event sponsors is May 26. For more information, contact event coordinator, Casey Crowell, at (479) 287-4006 or ccrowell@whytespyder.com. About WhyteSpyder: WhyteSpyder helps Walmart and Sam’s Club manufacturers setup, manage, and optimize product data and content on Walmart.com and Samsclub.com. WhyteSpyder keeps with the strategic vision of Walmart and Sam’s Club when creating and managing content. We use any distribution technology accepted by retailers that is beneficial for manufacturers and their agencies. Learn more about WhyteSpyder by calling 479-287-4006 or visiting www.whytespyder.com. About Mercy: Mercy, named one of the top five large U.S. health systems in 2017 by Truven, an IBM Watson Health company, serves millions annually. Mercy includes 43 acute care and specialty (heart, children’s, orthopedic and rehab) hospitals, more than 700 physician practices and outpatient facilities, 40,000 co-workers and more than 2,000 Mercy Clinic physicians in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. Mercy also has outreach ministries in Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas.  Press Contact:  Casey Crowell WhyteSpyder 1023 Milsap Rd Fayetteville, AR 72703 ccrowell@whytespyder.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/whytespyder-and-mercy-health-foundation-partner-for-cornhole-event-300455595.html SOURCE WhyteSpyder Related Links http://whytespyder.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCorporate Social Responsibility Post navigation Previous PostPrevious UL Warns of Potentially Hazardous AC Plug Adapter (Release 17PN-03) Next PostNext DNAtrix Oncolytic Myxoma Virus Eliminates Treatment-Resistant Cancer Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman WhyteSpyder and Mercy Health Foundation Partner for Cornhole Event FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Fayetteville eCommerce company WhyteSpyder is preparing for its 4th Annual Catfish, Corndog and Cornhole Tournament, benefitting Mercy Health Foundation. The event will take place at the Mercy Hospital Campus North Field/Parking Lot on Friday, June 16, 2017, with all proceeds going to the Mercy Health Foundation. „This is our way of bringing the community together to enjoy an afternoon of great food and fun,” said WhyteSpyder CEO Eric Howerton. [embedded content] WhyteSpyder promises another successful event, with all proceeds benefiting Mercy Health Foundation. WhyteSpyder has presented three cornhole tournaments over the last three years, each benefitting a different local cause. This year, 100% of the proceeds from the event will benefit Mercy Health Foundation and their efforts to improve the quality of life in Northwest Arkansas. „This event will help provide much needed resources to enhance healthcare services in Northwest Arkansas, and will also go a long way in building relationships between the community and the hospital,” said Clark Ellison, Regional Vice President of South Central Communities for Mercy Health Foundation. „We’re wanting to obviously raise some funds, but more than that we’re hoping to really have some fun, and I think that’s where this event is really going to be good,” added Ellison. Teams can register online and sponsors can find more information about the event at http://catfishcorndogsandcornhole.com/. The registration deadline for event sponsors is May 26. For more information, contact event coordinator, Casey Crowell, at (479) 287-4006 or ccrowell@whytespyder.com. About WhyteSpyder: WhyteSpyder helps Walmart and Sam’s Club manufacturers setup, manage, and optimize product data and content on Walmart.com and Samsclub.com. WhyteSpyder keeps with the strategic vision of Walmart and Sam’s Club when creating and managing content. We use any distribution technology accepted by retailers that is beneficial for manufacturers and their agencies. Learn more about WhyteSpyder by calling 479-287-4006 or visiting www.whytespyder.com. About Mercy: Mercy, named one of the top five large U.S. health systems in 2017 by Truven, an IBM Watson Health company, serves millions annually. Mercy includes 43 acute care and specialty (heart, children’s, orthopedic and rehab) hospitals, more than 700 physician practices and outpatient facilities, 40,000 co-workers and more than 2,000 Mercy Clinic physicians in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. Mercy also has outreach ministries in Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas.  Press Contact:  Casey Crowell WhyteSpyder 1023 Milsap Rd Fayetteville, AR 72703 ccrowell@whytespyder.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/whytespyder-and-mercy-health-foundation-partner-for-cornhole-event-300455595.html SOURCE WhyteSpyder Related Links http://whytespyder.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCorporate Social Responsibility Post navigation Previous PostPrevious UL Warns of Potentially Hazardous AC Plug Adapter (Release 17PN-03) Next PostNext DNAtrix Oncolytic Myxoma Virus Eliminates Treatment-Resistant Cancer Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman WhyteSpyder and Mercy Health Foundation Partner for Cornhole Event FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Fayetteville eCommerce company WhyteSpyder is preparing for its 4th Annual Catfish, Corndog and Cornhole Tournament, benefitting Mercy Health Foundation. The event will take place at the Mercy Hospital Campus North Field/Parking Lot on Friday, June 16, 2017, with all proceeds going to the Mercy Health Foundation. „This is our way of bringing the community together to enjoy an afternoon of great food and fun,” said WhyteSpyder CEO Eric Howerton. [embedded content] WhyteSpyder promises another successful event, with all proceeds benefiting Mercy Health Foundation. WhyteSpyder has presented three cornhole tournaments over the last three years, each benefitting a different local cause. This year, 100% of the proceeds from the event will benefit Mercy Health Foundation and their efforts to improve the quality of life in Northwest Arkansas. „This event will help provide much needed resources to enhance healthcare services in Northwest Arkansas, and will also go a long way in building relationships between the community and the hospital,” said Clark Ellison, Regional Vice President of South Central Communities for Mercy Health Foundation. „We’re wanting to obviously raise some funds, but more than that we’re hoping to really have some fun, and I think that’s where this event is really going to be good,” added Ellison. Teams can register online and sponsors can find more information about the event at http://catfishcorndogsandcornhole.com/. The registration deadline for event sponsors is May 26. For more information, contact event coordinator, Casey Crowell, at (479) 287-4006 or ccrowell@whytespyder.com. About WhyteSpyder: WhyteSpyder helps Walmart and Sam’s Club manufacturers setup, manage, and optimize product data and content on Walmart.com and Samsclub.com. WhyteSpyder keeps with the strategic vision of Walmart and Sam’s Club when creating and managing content. We use any distribution technology accepted by retailers that is beneficial for manufacturers and their agencies. Learn more about WhyteSpyder by calling 479-287-4006 or visiting www.whytespyder.com. About Mercy: Mercy, named one of the top five large U.S. health systems in 2017 by Truven, an IBM Watson Health company, serves millions annually. Mercy includes 43 acute care and specialty (heart, children’s, orthopedic and rehab) hospitals, more than 700 physician practices and outpatient facilities, 40,000 co-workers and more than 2,000 Mercy Clinic physicians in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. Mercy also has outreach ministries in Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas.  Press Contact:  Casey Crowell WhyteSpyder 1023 Milsap Rd Fayetteville, AR 72703 ccrowell@whytespyder.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/whytespyder-and-mercy-health-foundation-partner-for-cornhole-event-300455595.html SOURCE WhyteSpyder Related Links http://whytespyder.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCorporate Social Responsibility Post navigation Previous PostPrevious UL Warns of Potentially Hazardous AC Plug Adapter (Release 17PN-03) Next PostNext DNAtrix Oncolytic Myxoma Virus Eliminates Treatment-Resistant Cancer Search Recent Posts 2017 Global Potash Market Analysis by Volume, Crops, Regions, Projects to 2021 2017 to 2022 Global and Chinese ALCOHOL PREP PAD Industry Market Research Analysis Report Mission Critical Messaging and Open Source Streaming Market 2017 Size, Strategies, and Forecasts to 2023 eGain debuts in the Magic Quadrant for CRM Customer Engagement Center Rubicon Minerals Files its First Quarter 2017 Financials and Provides an Update on its Exploration Program RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deutsche Post AG (DPW) Given a €36.00 Price Target at Baader Bank Societe Generale Analysts Give Linde AG (LIN) a €200.00 Price Target Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shares Bought by CHICAGO TRUST Co NA United Technologies Co. (UTX) Position Decreased by CHICAGO TRUST Co NA Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Shares Sold by Capital City Trust Co. FL Altria Group Inc (MO) Stake Boosted by Private Bank & Trust Co. American National Bank Acquires 508 Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Doyle Wealth Management Takes Position in Altria Group Inc (MO) Atria Investments LLC Increases Stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Position Lowered by Stokes & Hubbell Capital Management LLC Credit Suisse Group AG Raises XPO Logistics Inc (XPO) Price Target to $66.00 Welbilt Inc (WBT) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc (ATNM) Earns “Buy” Rating from HC Wainwright Centamin Plc (CELTF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Stock Traders Purchase High Volume of SM Energy Call Options (SM) Genesco Inc. (GCO) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co. Viad Corp (VVI) Position Cut by Capstone Asset Management Co. Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $460,000 Stake in H & R Block Inc (HRB) Capstone Asset Management Co. Purchases 710 Shares of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shares Bought by CHICAGO TRUST Co NA May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet CHICAGO TRUST Co NA raised its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 3.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 3,185 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 95 shares during the period. CHICAGO TRUST Co NA’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $230,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in WMT. Vantage Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the third quarter. Vantage Investment Advisors LLC now owns 2,118 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $153,000 after buying an additional 8 shares in the last quarter. Fort Point Capital Partners LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the third quarter. Fort Point Capital Partners LLC now owns 4,663 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $336,000 after buying an additional 20 shares in the last quarter. Cohen Lawrence B raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the first quarter. Cohen Lawrence B now owns 6,050 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $436,000 after buying an additional 25 shares in the last quarter. Ledyard National Bank raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the third quarter. Ledyard National Bank now owns 4,644 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $335,000 after buying an additional 30 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Bollard Group LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Bollard Group LLC now owns 18,592 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,341,000 after buying an additional 49 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 76.70 on Thursday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $73.13 and its 200 day moving average price is $70.44. The firm has a market cap of $232.63 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.51 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12-month low of $62.72 and a 12-month high of $76.78. Wal-Mart Stores also was the target of some unusual options trading activity on Monday. Traders purchased 20,572 put options on the stock. This represents an increase of 271% compared to the average daily volume of 5,538 put options. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The business had revenue of $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $130.22 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $1.49 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be given a dividend of $0.51 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.66%. Wal-Mart Stores’s payout ratio is 43.48%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shares Bought by CHICAGO TRUST Co NA” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-shares-bought-by-chicago-trust-co-na.html. Several research firms have issued reports on WMT. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “positive” rating and a $80.00 price objective on the stock. MKM Partners set a $72.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Pacific Crest lowered Wal-Mart Stores to a “hold” rating in a research note on Sunday, April 30th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a $74.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, May 5th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $86.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $76.45. In other news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total transaction of $264,012,022.57. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $756,408,072.73. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 4,375,337 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.79, for a total transaction of $314,105,443.23. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $754,306,647.33. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock valued at $1,110,035,611. Insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Real Estate Signs of a lending squeeze for new apartments, retail and other Tampa Bay businesses US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News St. Petersburg police find bank robber on bus, money in underwear Hillsborough firefighters help bury dog killed in house fire Tom Jones: Don't stand for NFL teams not signing Colin Kaepernick St. Pete workers nervous about insurance coverage at John Hopkins All Children's Hospital because of dispute Yet another ball rolls under Kevin Kiermaier's glove in Rays' 6-0 loss to Royals (w/ video) News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana The Buzz Why Adam Putnam starts his campaign as a big favorite Top News Former U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown guilty of taking money from sham charity (w/video) Sarah Huckabee Sanders is suddenly the star of the feel-bad story of the day Jill Kelley and FBI agent decry hypocrisy in treatment of Flynn versus Petraeus Florida Legislature 2017: What passed and what failed Acting FBI director vows to inform committee if White House tries to upend Russia probe Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More The Heater Yet another ball rolls under Kevin Kiermaier's glove in Rays' 6-0 loss to Royals Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News Tom Jones: Don't stand for NFL teams not signing Colin Kaepernick Yet another ball rolls under Kevin Kiermaier's glove in Rays' 6-0 loss to Royals (w/ video) Tampa Classic featuring Florida A&M is officially back at Raymond James Stadium 'Big Dog’ Steve Duemig, battling cancer, set to return to radio show on Monday Soldier's proposal at Tropicana Field gets an assist from Rays mascot Raymond (w/video) Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Books Interview: Paula Hawkins on 'Girl on the Train' and the new 'Into the Water' Top News Plan your weekend May 12-14: Mother's Day fun, the Weeknd, Fringe Festival, Train Day Ticket Window: On sale this week Sammy Hagar, Linkin Park, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone in Concert The King Arthur myth needs a movie makeover. 'Legend of the Sword' is not it Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Trump's firing of Comey reaffirms need for special prosecutor Top Opinion Krauthammer: A political ax murder Editorial: Legislature needs special session on medical marijuana Column: Don't forget those smiling images of Trump and the Russians Bret Stephens: The Comey canning's easy tells Selected readings from the left and from the right Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News Interview: Paula Hawkins on 'Girl on the Train' and the new 'Into the Water' Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) The Daystarter: Born addicted to drugs, what chance did he have?; some Walmarts get a makeover; more financial woes for Hillsborough schools; meet 'The Girl on the Train' author Times staff Tampa Bay Times Thursday, May 11, 2017 5:01am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Catching you up on overnight happenings, and what you need to know today. Related News/Archive Born exposed to drugs, what chance did he have? One mom risked finding out 21 Hours Ago Look what Uber did: Longtime Hillsborough County agency faces extinction 2 Weeks Ago Pinellas school news: Financial aid events, information on the achievement gap and more 7 Months Ago • The humidity should tick up a notch today, with highs near 90, according to 10Weather WTSP. 10News WTSP The latest 7-day forecast 10News WTSP Feels-like temperatures around the Tampa Bay area • As you head out for your morning commute, check out our live blog for the latest traffic updates and road conditions across Tampa Bay. • Very few studies document what the future holds for babies exposed to opioids like heroin, oxycontin or methadone. DeAnne DeCicco wanted a child so badly, she was willing to take the chance to find out. Read Leonora LaPeter Anton's touching story later today on tampabay.com. • Changes could be coming to a Walmart location near you. The Walmart Supercenter in Palm Harbor is the latest to get a new look. The shopping giant has remodeled three supercenters in the Tampa Bay area so far this year and plans to renovate a total of 10 neighborhood markets and supercenters in the area. • The $45 million contract being offered by U.S. Special Operations Command was meant to gauge SOCom's efforts to influence public opinion in other countries. But last month, a federal court judge in Washington chastised the command, headquartered in Tampa at MacDill Air Force Base, for providing a falsified document to influence the outcome of the contract. Howard Altman has the details. • Longtime Floridians know the drill. Each year, as the heat and humidity build, forecasters begin their warnings: Hurricane season is upon us, and you'd better take it seriously. Let the 2016 storm season serve as a warning: Destructive hurricanes lashed both Florida coasts. The bay area also endured flooding, especially in Pasco County. Claire McNeill offers tips on how to protect your valuable belongings. • What Rep. Raul Labrador, R-Idaho, told a restive town hall audience in Lewiston, Idaho, was destined to go viral. And it did. Over the weekend, questioners asked the congressman about the Republicans' vote on a major health care overhaul that would roll back many aspects of President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act, including limits on expanding Medicaid, the federal-state health insurance program for the poor. "You are mandating people on Medicaid accept dying," one audience member said. To which Labrador responded, "No no, you know that line is so indefensible. Nobody dies because they don't have access to health care." The crowd howled in protest, and the comment drew immediate national attention. Read PolitiFact's analysis of the claim this morning on tampabay.com. • USF enter today's opening round of the American Athletic Conference softball tournament alternately throbbing, grimacing, hobbling and aching. Yet still breathing. At 32-23, and with a half-decent RPI (52), the Bulls possess a legitimate shot at their fifth NCAA Tournament berth in the past six seasons. Find out why they're optimistic later today at tampabay.com/sports. • Come Aug. 14, seventh period will be no more at Land O'Lakes High, though school will let out at the same time. The opportunity, which had let seniors leave school an hour before the final bell each day, fell victim to the school's two-year renovation project, which will close as many as a quarter of the buildings on campus at any given time. Lunch will be reduced to 30 minutes during the fifth of sixth class periods. And the students are not taking it well, Jeffrey S. Solochek writes. • Strapped for cash even before the Legislature voted this week to skimp on per-student funding, Hillsborough County's public schools are now bracing for more bad news. The state's proposed new budget could slow initiatives designed to help students meet graduation requirements, and even lead to a hiring freeze, superintendent Jeff Eakins said Wednesday. • It opened when Dwight D. Eisenhower was president, and Elvis Presley was at the top of charts. Since 1956, the post office at 303 Main St. in Safety Harbor has not only been a reliable spot to mail and receive letters and packages, but friends, like Jerry Smith and Tina MacIntyre often use it as a meeting spot, huddling on the outside bench before taking walks to the waterfront or grabbing a coffee at the nearby Starbucks. Find out why it plans to move. • The Dade City Commission is again conflicted over whether to give grant money to the company of David Hernandez, the husband of Mayor Camille Hernandez. Read what's behind the issue. • The author of the blockbuster book The Girl on the Train, Paula Hawkins is making Tampa one of only six stops on her U.S. tour for her new book, Into the Water. Our book editor Colette Bancroft talked to her about her stories, her writing strategies, unreliable narrators and more. • Are you a rum lover? Then get ready to party with Mr. Lover Lover. Shaggy, the Boombastic reggae-pop star from the late '90s and early 2000s, is coming to Tampa to headline this year's Summer of Rum Festival on Sept. 2 during Labor Day weekend. Jay Cridlin has the details. • It's time to plan your weekend! Our critics and writers have laid out their top picks on our Weekend Planner page from a guide to the new Tampa Fringe Festival to top concerts (The Weeknd, Daddy Yankee) to free family fun like Train Day. We even have Mother's Day brunch suggestions. • Here are the top things to do today in Tampa Bay including comedian Dale Jones, the star of the Tampa Fringe Festival and Princess Bride is tonight's free movie in the park. Paula Hawkins' last novel, 'The Girl on the Train,' sold 20 million copies. Her new thriller is 'Into the Water.' Read Times' book editor Colette Bancroft's interview with her in advance of Hawkins' visit to Tampa. [Alisa Connan | Special to the Times] The Daystarter: Born addicted to drugs, what chance did he have?; some Walmarts get a makeover; more financial woes for Hillsborough schools; meet 'The Girl on the Train' author 05/11/17 [Last modified: Thursday, May 11, 2017 5:55am] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Latest News Tap for more St. Petersburg police find bank robber on bus, money in underwear 12:05 AM CrimeTimes staff ST. PETERSBURG — A 42-year-old man was arrested Thursday after police said he robbed a bank on Central Avenue. 8-year-old was assaulted by classmate before killing himself 5/11/17 NationAssociated Press School officials never told the mother of an 8-year-old Ohio boy who killed himself that another student had thrown him against a wall two days earlier and knocked him unconscious in an attack recorded by a surveillance video, attorneys for the boy's mother said Thursday. Sean Spicer absent from briefings during key week for Trump 5/11/17 PoliticsBy DARLENE SUPERVILLE WASHINGTON — If you've been missing your daily dose of White House press secretary Sean Spicer, it's because President Donald Trump's chief spokesman has been serving the country in another way: He's been on Navy Reserve duty. Possible gubernatorial candidate Philip Levine engaged, awaiting child 5/11/17 BlogsAmy Hollyfield From Joey Flechas at the Miami Herald: Hillsborough firefighters help bury dog killed in house fire 5/11/17 FireTimes Staff When a members of a Carrollwood family lost a home and pet dog to a fire Thursday afternoon, Hillsborough County firefighters helped them say their good-byes. More Click here to sign up for our 'Day Starter' newsletter Get the top headlines from the Tampa Bay Times' and what you need to know to start your day in your inbox every morning.   Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Aldi raises stakes in US price war with Wal-Mart Aldi raises stakes in US price war with Wal-Mart German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 US stores, Aldi has set a minimum target of selling groceries at a 21 percent discount to its US rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Chief Executive Jason Hart told Reuters. By: Reuters | Updated: May 11, 2017 11:42 AM Hart’s plan calls for spending .6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. (Reuters) German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world’s biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 US stores, Aldi has set a minimum target of selling groceries at a 21 percent discount to its US rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Chief Executive Jason Hart told Reuters. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer’s in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart’s plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. “We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past,” said Hart, who added Aldi’s U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. You may like to watch: Aldi’s growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2le6v0Y Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector – from department stores to discount chains – but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart’s move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qRbNT9 “We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before,” said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. “Given Aldi’s expansion, Lidl’s entry, Wal-Mart’s response and Amazon’s growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years,” said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. For more on Wal-Mart’s stock performance vs Amazon, click GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. “We don’t confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees,” he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Hart said Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals and the discount retailer intends to keep the advantage at least that strong going forward. Depending on the product, Aldi’s prices are cheaper than most rivals’ private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. You may also like to watch: Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU’s of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment saying the company would not comment on a competitor’s strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. “Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started,” said Strategic Resource Group’s Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi’s aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. “The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further,” said Scott Patton, Aldi’s vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier – categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart’s supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart’s U.S. store base. By Nandita Bose (editing by David Greising and Edward Tobin) No Comments. Don't Miss Layoffs in IT companies like Infosys, Cognizant, Wipro & Tech Mahindra aren't Trump's fault Reliance JioFiber: Download movies & songs within minutes; 'Preview Offer' launches in Delhi NCR, Mumbai & others Narendra Modi in Sri Lanka: Buddhism deep seated in our governance says PM; announces direct Air India flight between Colombo and Varanasi Why the latest home loan rate cuts are a double bonanza for homebuyers One Belt One Road project: China to spend $500 billion to reshape the world in its image MP Jyotiraditya Scindia may be next leader of Congress in Lok Sabha Narendra Modi Sri Lanka visit Live Updates: Ideologies of hate only cause death, destruction, says PM West Bengal municipal polls: BJP's rise forces Congress, CPM to join hands to fight Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress Uphaar case: High Court upholds evidence tampering charge against Ansals India imposes anti-dumping duty on 47 steel products for 5 years Business Gallery PM Modi attends International Vesak Day celebrations in Sri Lanka On a two-day visit to Sri Lanka, PM Narendra Modi visits Buddhist Seema Malaka temple in Colombo Chenab bridge, world’s highest rail bridge, is India’s unparalleled engineering feat! 15 stunning facts and images Boeing temporarily suspends 737 MAX flights: Here is what the issue is NITI Aayog meets Yogi Adityanath with blueprint to transform Uttar Pradesh Technology Gallery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours From Oppo F3 to Vivo V5: Best ‘Selfie expert’ smartphones in India under Rs 20,000 From Samsung to Xiaomi: Best budget smartphones priced under Rs 15,000 Hindi News राजनीतिक दलों को चुनाव आयोग की खुली चुनौती- 13 मई को आएं और EVM हैक करके दिखाएं श्रीलंका में इंटरनेशनल बैसाख डे पर पीएम नरेंद्र मोदी का एलान- वाराणसी और कोलंबो के बीच शुरू होगी सीधी विमान सेवा लाल बत्ती ना हटाने पर मौलाना बरकती के खिलाफ FIR दर्ज, कहा था- नहीं मानता केन्द्र का आदेश Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Walmart Changes the Grocery Shopping Game with New Pickup Servic - KOAM TV 7 Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Links Upcoming Events Skywatch WX App Roads VIDEO Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows CBSNews livefeed Local News Monday's Child Back on Their Feet in Neosho KDOT to Study K7 & K126 Intersection Dealing with Flood Water Damage A Community Comes Together in Neosho Ottawa County Flood Issues Flooding at Northeastern Oklahoma A&M College Pet Vet On Call SPECIAL REPORTS WEB EXTRAS Spotlight on Branson - 2016 Sky Watch Weather Sports Roper Honda Powerhouse Performance of the Week - Vote Now Morning News Morning News Guest Appearance Request Form Submit Birthdays & Anniversaries Crocktober 2015 Health Connections Skywatch WX App @koamnews Facebook @FOX14KFJX About Us Job Openings On Air Personalities Request DVD Email Updates Contests Lifestyle Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Closings Submit a Cancellation Closings List Roads Walmart Changes the Grocery Shopping Game with New Pickup Service in Joplin Updated: Wednesday, May 10, 2017 2:35 PM EDT By News Release BioEmail Connect Biography newsdesk@koamtv.com JOPLIN, MISSOURI - Grocery shopping just got a whole lot easier for Joplin area shoppers. Walmart, the largest grocer in the U.S., is launching its online grocery pickup service today in Joplin at the Walmart Supercenter location at 1501 S. Range Line Rd., and at the Walmart Neighborhood Market location at 25145 DeMott Dr. The free service enables customers to order groceries online and pick them up at their local Walmart store without even leaving their cars. “At Walmart, we have always been known for saving our customers money and, with services like grocery pickup, we are also saving them valuable time,” said Joe Huber, local eCommerce Market Coach. “Our customers have told us that grocery pickup is a game changer. They are now able to complete their grocery shopping in a matter of minutes – between errands or on their way home from an after-school activity – without even unbuckling their seat belts.” Walmart’s grocery pickup service features 30,000 items, with more than 90 percent of customers choosing to add fresh meat, dairy or produce to their baskets. Other top items selected by grocery pickup shoppers include after-school snacks, diapers and large dog food bags. All items are priced at the same low prices customers find in their local Walmart stores. How it Works * Order and Choose a Pickup Time: Customers visit walmart.com/grocery online or through the Walmart Grocery mobile app, enter their zip codes to select a local store and begin creating their shopping lists. During checkout, they select a time to pick up their orders. * Personal Grocery Shoppers Fill the Basket: Highly-trained personal shoppers carefully select the freshest produce, meats and other items each customer requested. * Pick Up and Go: Once a customer arrives at the pickup location, there will be reserved parking spaces marked in orange and a designated number to call to alert an associate. An associate will quickly retrieve the prepared order and load it into the customer’s car. Quality Guaranteed Walmart always guarantees the quality of the food being picked up or purchased in store through its Freshness Guarantee for meat, produce and bakery items. If customers aren’t satisfied with an item, they simply bring back the receipt for a full refund. News News Sports Links & Numbers Monday's Child Money Talks Pet Vet Photo Galleries Facebook Twitter RSS Morning News Submit Birthday Recipes Event Calendar Morning Interviews Contests How to be a guest Weather Weather Blog Interactive Radar Current Temps Closings Android app iPad app iPhone app WeatherCall KOAM On Air Schedule Contact Us Job Openings DVD Request Form Advertise With Us FCC Public File Closed Captioning KOAM - Licensed to Pittsburg, Kansas Send tips, ideas and press releases to: tips@koamtv.com Send newsroom questions or comments to: comments@koamtv.com Phone: (417) 624-0233 or (620) 231-0400 Web comments or questions: webmaster@koamtv.com Newsroom Fax: (417) 624-3158 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 KOAM. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ט"ו אייר תשע"ז  -  ל׳ בעומר   |   Wednesday, May 10, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Walmart Looking Into Note Found Recounting Forced Labor in China Walmart Looking Into Note Found Recounting Forced Labor in China Wednesday, May 10, 2017 at 8:34 pm | י"ד אייר תשע"ז NEW YORK (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Giant U.S. retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc said on Wednesday it is looking into the origins of a note describing forced labor conditions in China that a customer claimed to have found find in a purse bought at a store in Arizona. The note detailed long hours, beatings and malnourishment of workers at a prison in the Chinese region of Guangxi, according to the customer’s family, who contacted local media. Similar notes found by customers in imported merchandise have raised questions about forced labor used in supply chains making brands sold at major retail stores. Wal-Mart on Wednesday said it was investigating. “We’re making contact with the customer and appreciate her bringing this to our attention. With the information we have, we are looking into what happened so we can take the appropriate actions,” Ragan Dickens, a Wal-Mart spokesman, said in an e-mail to the Thomson Reuters Foundation. The customer told local media late last month that the note was hand-written in Chinese but she had it translated into English three times. According to KVOA.com News in Tucson, Arizona, the note read, in part: “Inmates in the Yingshan Prison in Guangxi, China are working 14 hours daily with no break/rest at noon, continue working overtime until 12 midnight, and whoever doesn’t finish his work will be beaten.” Prisoners are treated worse than “horse cow goat pig dog,” it read. Wal-Mart’s website details the company’s efforts to keep its supply chains free of forced labor and human trafficking. “We are working to improve transparency, empower workers and drive compliance,” it says. In a similar case, in 2014 a woman found a message in a Saks Fifth Avenue shopping bag from a man saying he was forced to work long hours at a Chinese prison factory. The worker was tracked down, and the note deemed legitimate. He was later released. In 2012 a Kmart shopper reported finding a letter at his local U.S. store from a worker also describing harrowing work conditions in China. Filed under: China Print Email Gmail Related Samsung Suspends China Supplier Over Child Labor French Journalist Forced to Leave China After Article on Xinjiang Wal-Mart to Open Up to 110 New Stores in China NY Times Reporter Forced to Leave China Labor Group Sees Progress at Major Apple Supplier More in Business Boeing Halts Test Flights of New Plane Over Engine Issue U.S. Fishing Industry Retracted a Bit in 2015; $208B in Sales Snap Posts Big 1Q Loss, Higher Revenue, Misses Expectations Christie’s: Global Sales of Luxury Homes Cooled in 2016 Sprint Will Reportedly Seek a T-Mobile Deal OP-ED Let the Ears Hear What the Mouth Is Saying The Only Thing That Matters Who is Really Responsible for Health-Care Ills? Open Season on the Orthodox Resistance and Respect: Diametrically Opposed Values Le Pen’s Victory A Boost for the Poor Makes Everyone Richer Problems the Republican Health Plan Doesn’t Solve Legislative Action Needed On Religious Rights The Third Friend Seize the Opportunity on Tax Reform How the U.S. Can Stop Hungary’s Descent Into Authoritarianism Overbooking and Over the Top All Eyes on France Features Nichum Aveilim 14 Iyar/May 10 In the Lead Sudoku – May 10, 2017 Hopeful Anniversary This Day In History 14 Iyar/May 10 This Day In History 13 Iyar/May 9 The Odd Side – May 9, 2017 Day at the Shore World of Wonders – May 9, 2017 Sudoku – May 9, 2017 Editorial Cartoon – May 9, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 13 Iyar/May 9 This Day In History 12 Iyar/May 8 Nichum Aveilim 12 Iyar/May 8 Weather » Brooklyn 57°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,129.14 +8.56 (+0.14%) S&P 500 2,399.63 +2.71 (+0.11%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9201 GBP 0.7731 ILS 3.6054 CHF 1.0086 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman EPD on the Beat – May 2017 On May 10, EPD responded to 274, calls for service and made 21 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 296 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 25. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 257, and the number of arrests was 22. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 10 is 225, and the average number of arrests, 26.  05/11/17 02:43, 399 JEFFERSON ST/W 4TH AVE Carry Concealed Weapon, Possession of Methamphetamine – Case 1707449 An officer patrolling observed a woman, later identified as Jaimie Alexandra Howell, age 20, in the Washington Jefferson Park after hours. He contacted her and found that she had a warrant. He arrested her on the warrant and found that she was in possession of methamphetamine and a concealed double-edged knife. She was charged with Possession of Methamphetamine and Carry Concealed Weapon. She was warned for violation of park rules. 05/11/17 00:01, 4098 W 11TH AVE/S BERTELSEN RD Warrant – Case 1707444 An officer was driving in the area and noticed an Acura Integra with very dark tinted side windows. He performed a traffic stop and contacted the driver, Matthew Anthony Ray Whipps-Hicks, age 27, of Eugene. He found that Whipps-Hicks’ driver’s license was suspended and that Whipps-Hicks had three warrants for arrest (Lane County Circuit Court Failure to Appear on charges of Hit and Run and Reckless Endangering, and Municipal Court Failure to Appear Resisting Arrest, and a parole violation for Rape 3). Whipps-Hicks’ license was suspended Driving While Suspended violation for Failure to Appear at a hearing. He was taken into custody on the warrants and issued a citation for Driving While Suspended and Driving Uninsured. 05/10/17 17:48, 3510 W 11TH AVE Interfering with Police Officer, Animal Abuse – Case 1707432 An officer was sent to help an animal welfare officer locate the owner of a male British Bulldog, Cletus, who had recently bitten two people and needed to be quarantined. They located the owner, Benjamin Scott Goodman, age 39, across the street from his vehicle. He walked over with his two dogs, including Cletus. He was advised of the need for quarantine for Cletus and he became upset. He indicated he would rather kill Cletus and appeared to start to choke the dog. An officer intervened with a warning and advised Goodman he would be tased if he did not comply. Goodman slammed Cletus on the ground and officers commanded Goodman to get on the ground. After initially not complying Goodwill got on the ground. Goodman was cited for Animal Abuse 2, and Cletus was impounded. The other dog was taken into Animal Welfare as Goodman was going to jail and no one could care for her. 03/06/17 09:00, Eugene Area Fraudulent Use Credit Card, ID Theft, Fail to Register as Sex Offender – Case 1705688 A 40-year-old man had applied for a credit card, but not received it. He was contacted by the credit card company as he had an overdue payment on the card that he hadn’t received. After an investigation, his former roommate, Christopher S Fish, age 40, of Eugene, was found to have taken the card and used it. Fish also had not registered his address and is a sex offender, and he was wanted on a Parole Violation for a previous conviction of Identity Theft. He was arrested on the warrant and also charged with Fraudulent Use Credit Card, ID Theft, and Failure to Register as a Sex Offender. 05/10/17 11:44, E 29TH AVE/WILLAMETTE ST Disorderly Subject – Case 1707398 Police responded to the area regarding a female who was yelling, screaming and kicking a vehicle. Police located the described subject, Rosemary Vesta Gray, age 39, of Eugene, and contacted her regarding the information. She was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Disorderly Conduct.   05/10/17 09:31, 300 BLOCK OF N ADAMS ST Felon In Possession of Firearm/Possession of Methamphetamine/Criminal Trespass 2 – Case 1707392 A police officer patrolling the south bank bike trail in Maurie Jacobs Park was flagged down regarding camping and contacted Jesus Anthony Marinez, age 27, of Eugene, who was in the area. During contact with Marinez, the police officer found that he was in possession of a firearm and illegal drugs. He was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Felon In Possession of a Firearm, Carry Concealed Weapon, Possession of Methamphetamine and Criminal Trespass in the Second Degree. On May 9, EPD responded to 299, calls for service and made 18 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 294 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 26. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 246, and the number of arrests was 21. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 9 is 239, and the average number of arrests, 38. 05/10/17 02:40, 3100 CROCKER RD Possession of Heroin, Possession of Methamphetamine – Case 1707373 An officer spotted a Ford Escape with an obstructed rear window and noted the drive did not signal 100 feet prior to stopping along a curb. He contacted the driver, Wade Allen Arndt, age 49, of Eugene. Arndt did not have a driver’s license and there was a machete sticking up between the seat and center console. The officer asked him to get out of the car due to this and Arndt was compliant. The officer saw drug paraphernalia in the car. Arndt was suspended by Oregon DMV for Failure to Appear and he was also found to be in possession of heroin and meth. Arndt was charged with Possession of Methamphetamine and Possession of Heroin. 05/10/17 00:49, 4055 WAGNER ST Carry Concealed Weapon, Tampering with Physical Evidence, Possession of Methamphetamine, False Info to Police Officer – Case 1707371 An officer responded to the area of N. Clarey and Aerial Way regarding possible drug activity near a parked Ford Explorer. He contacted three individuals, including Nicholas Daniel Smith, age 19, of Eugene. Smith initially provided a false name and was in possession of brass knuckles. He was taken into custody and it was found he had a warrant out of Benton County for Possession of Controlled Substance Methamphetamine. He was found to be in Possession of Methamphetamine. Smith was charged with Carry Concealed Weapon, Tampering with Physical Evidence, Possession of Methamphetamine, and Providing False Info to Police Officer. 05/09/17 21:27, 590 E BROADWAY DUII, Driving While Suspended, Open Container – Case 1707366 An officer was dispatched after a man was reported to be intoxicated after driving to the 7-Eleven at 590 E. Broadway. The officer arrived and observed the man, later identified as Aceves-Arenzas Raul Garbriel Aceves-Arenzas, age 44, of Harrisburg, leaving in his car, then parking it on W. 2nd Avenue and Lawrence. The officer performed a stop and contacted the driver. After an investigation, an open container was found in the vehicle and it was found that Aceves-Arenzas was driving while suspended. He was charged with DUII, Driving While Suspended, and Open Container. 05/08/17 17:30, 1675 W 18TH AVE UUV, Forgery 1, ID Theft, Possession of Methamphetamine, Warrant – Case 1707359 A 1995 BVW sedan was stolen from a car dealership on May 8 after the female who entered the vehicle showed ID that was not hers, along with a check. She test drove it, but did not return. The check returned as not being valid. The car was spotted by the owner of the dealership and then it was parked at Albertson’s on W. 18th. There were four occupants and three entered the store, while one left the area. Officer arrived quickly and got a good description of the driver. Officers contacted the driver, Lindsay Kay Watson, age 34, inside the store. After an investigation it was found she had warrants out of Albany. she was charged with Unauthorized Use of a Vehicle, Forgery I, Identity Theft, and UPCS Methamphetamine. 03/12/17 19:07, 60 DIVISION AVE The suspect in the above case, was also a suspect in this one – Case 1706911 A woman, later identified as Lindsay Kay Watson, age 34, was found to have left the store with more than $1,000 of merchandise. She walked away from security who tried to stop her, and left in a vehicle. Video surveillance and a Lane County Mug Shots photo helped lead to identifying Watson. When she was arrested in case 1707359, above, she was also charged with Theft 1, for the shoplift. 05/09/17 20:09, 1165 WILLAMETTE ST Reckless Endangering – Case 1707364 A man and woman were having a verbal dispute and an officer was sent to the location. When he arrived, he found the man standing on the sidewalk looking above him and yelling. The officer found that while the two were fighting, a third party in a second-story apartment, identified as Donald Arthur Rich, age 41, of Eugene, had thrown large objects out of his window at the pair. The woman was able to get out of the way, but the man needed help as he had to get out of his wheel chair. After an investigation Rich was charged with Reckless Endangering. 05/09/17 07:00, 4550 W 11TH AVE Theft 1 – Case 1707322 An officer was sent to report of a trespasser in the 1200 block of Interior Street. When the officer arrived, the trespasser had left but the officer was provided a report that the subject had a cart full of possible stolen items that were still at the location, and a description of the suspect. This was close to Walmart and the shopping cart was from Walmart. The officer contacted Walmart and she got further details of a theft that had occurred earlier in the morning. She was able to identify the suspect as Natasha Ariane Hargrove, age 37, and that more than $1,000 in merchandise had been taken. Another officer stopped Hargrove at 1200 Bertelsen Road and the first officer took her into custody. 05/09/17 11:08, 2455 WILLAKENZIE RD Possession of Heroin, Criminal Trespass 2, Warrant – Case 1707328 An EPD School Resource officer at Sheldon High School received reports of a man, later identified as Anthony Jason Madonna, age 36, of Springfield, camping inside a tent near the high school softball field, which was on school property. Upon arrival, the officer contacted Madonna and found Madonna had two felony warrants. During the contact, the officer also found that Madonna was in possession of heroin. The officer took him into custody on the warrants and also charged him with Possession of Heroin and Criminal Trespass 2. 05/09/17 03:54, 300 BLOCK OF SUNSET DR Burglary 1, Unlawful Entry Motor Vehicle, Warrant – Case 1707312 In the early morning hours, a couple heard a noise in their garage and went to investigate. The male victim encountered a man, later identified as Zachary Michael Lobue, age 33, at the front of his garage and chased him north on Sunset Drive. The suspect dropped a cell phone during the chase. The victim stopped running and called 911. It was discovered that items had been taken from the garage, which they had forgotten to secure. The responding officers got a good description of the suspect. A community member called to report seeing the suspect at Franklin and Onyx. Based on that tip, EPD officers located Lobue at 11th and Franklin. Lobue had a warrant and he was taken into custody on that and also charged with Burglary 1 and Unlawful Entry Motor Vehicle. 05/09/17 05:47, 3700 CENTURY DR APT: BLK Possession of Methamphetamine, Warrant – Case 1707255 An officer on patrol saw a man on a bike without a rear reflector or red light. He stopped the man, identified as Derrick Joseph Bloomstrom, age 35. During the contact, the officer found Bloomstrom had four warrants for his arrest and was in possession of methamphetamine. His backpacks contained credit cards, gift cards, checks and mail for 17 different people. Attempts to locate victims of theft were not successful. Bloomstrom was taken into custody on the warrants and charged with Possession of Methamphetamine. On May 8, EPD responded to 314 calls for service and made 20 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 286 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 26. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 232, and the number of arrests was 37. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 8 is 235, and the average number of arrests, 32.    05/08/17 23:27, 940 WILLAMETTE ST Harassment/Resisting Arrest – Case 1707304 Police responded to the area regarding two teenage females who were harassed by a group of juvenile subjects. Arriving officers observed the described subjects in the area of W. 10th Avenue, just east of Olive Street, and contacted a 16-year-old female juvenile who was charged with two counts of Physical Harassment and Resisting Arrest. During the arrest, the group of subjects surrounding the officers became hostile and a bystander intervened. Police transported the juvenile subject to SERBU and returned to the location after receiving information that the 52-year-old bystander had been assaulted (Case 1707303). The victim was transported to the hospital with serious injuries. 05/08/17 17:44, 100 BLOCK OF IOWA ST Felon In Possession of Restricted Weapon/Possession of Heroin/Warrant – Case 1707300 Police responded to a vacant lot regarding suspicious conditions and contacted a male subject who was in the area. During contact with the subject, David Michael Payne, age 57, of Eugene, police found that he had two warrants for arrest and was in possession of illegal drugs and a firearm. He was transported to the Lane County Jail on the warrants and for Possession of Heroin, Possession of Methamphetamine and Felon In Possession of a Firearm.    05/08/17 14:54, N WASHINGTON ST/CHESHIRE AVE Failure to Register Sex Offender/Warrant – Case 1707289 Police responded to Sinner’s Butte Park near N. Washington Street regarding a dispute and contacted Brian Matthew Lott, age 43, of Eugene. During contact with Lott, police found information to arrest him for Failure to Register Sex Offender and a warrant. He was transported to the Lane County Jail. 05/08/17 07:28, 1400 BLOCK OF OAK PATCH RD Criminal Trespass 1/Possession of Methamphetamine – Case 1707266 Police responded to a residence at the location regarding multiple trespassers who were observed on the premises of an unoccupied residence. Police located the two subjects at the residence, Jason Michael Furgason, age 42, of Eugene, and Michaela Christine Pond, age 27, of Eugene. Police contacted both subjects and cited Furgason in lieu of custody for Criminal Trespass in the First Degree. Pond was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Possession of Methamphetamine and Criminal Trespass in the First Degree. On May 4, EPD responded to 297 calls for service and made 21 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 269 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 30. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 255, and the number of arrests was 26. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 4 is 220, and the average number of arrests, 25.  05/05/17 00:55, HARLOW RD/FENSTER ST DUII/Reckless Driving – Case 1707067 Police responded to the area regarding a motorcycle crash and the arriving officer observed the blue 1996 Yamaha XV7 on its side in the middle of the road on Fenster Street. Police contacted the driver of the vehicle, Jonathan Cannoy, age 34, of Eugene, and after further investigation, found information to arrest him for DUII and Reckless Driving. 05/04/17 17:43, 2900 BLOCK OF STARK ST Interfering With Police Officer/Criminal Trespass 2/Warrant – Case 1707052 A police officer patrolling the area attempted to contact a female subject, Chloe Elizabeth Cantwell, age 25, of Eugene, who was recognized to have a warrant for arrest. When the officer exited the vehicle, Cantwell subsequently ran and continued to run after being given direction to stop. Police eventually located Cantwell, who was on the property of a residence without permission on the 2900 block of Crocker Road. She was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Criminal Trespass in the Second Degree, Interfering With Police Officer and a warrant. 05/04/17 09:35, 4TH AVE/CHAMBERS ST DUII – Case 1707003 A police officer contacted the driver of a silver 2000 Mercedes Benz, Fidel Toribio Contreras-Sanchez, age 33, of Half Moon Bay California, after the vehicle was observed traveling south through a red light at the intersection of W. 2nd Avenue and Chambers Street. After further investigation, Contreras-Sanchez was arrested for DUII and cited for Failure To Obey Traffic Control Device. 05/04/17 02:59, W 7TH AVE/WILLAMETTE ALY Reckless Endangering/DUII – Case 1706991 A police officer patrolling the area observed a green 2001 Volvo weaving within its lane and changing lanes without signaling. The officer conducted a traffic stop of the vehicle and contacted the driver, Denice Francine Delbozque, age 24, of Eugene. After further investigation, she was arrested for DUII and Reckless Endangering. She was also cited for Driving While Suspended, Unsignaled Lane Change, and Driving Uninsured. 05/03/17 21:57, OLIVE ST/W BROADWAY Disorderly Conduct – Case 1706985 A police officer responded to a dispute at the location and received information of a male subject who had been approaching people in the area, yelling and behaving aggressively. Police contacted the subject, James Walter Everett, age 46, of Eugene, and were able to get him to leave the area. Minutes later, police were flagged down regarding Everett’s behavior and received information that he was approaching people and trying to get them to fight him. Police again contacted Everett and he continued to behave in a hostile manner with the officers. He was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Disorderly Conduct.   On May 3, EPD responded to 293 calls for service and made 15 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 263 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 33. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 260, and the number of arrests was 16. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 3 is 223, and the average number of arrests, 31.  05/03/17 07:42, 300 GOODPASTURE ISLAND RD APT Illegal Burning – Case 1706952 An officer was sent to the bike bridge just east of Goodpasture Island Road after a complaint about an illegal fire. The officer got there and followed the smoke to a camp with an open fire. He contacted two men, and one of them, Donam Lehi Gunter, age 42, was cited for Prohibited Outdoor Burning.  05/03/17 02:56, 3548 WILLOWBROOK ST/SANBORN AVE Unauthorized Use of Vehicle, Interfere with Police Officer – Case 1706948 An officer spotted a vehicle with a driver, later identified as Jacob Linus Evans, age 24. The officer noted the vehicle matched a stolen vehicle on his list. He followed it, but the car turned at Willowbrook Street and he found the car parked at a residence with no one inside. However, he did hear a noise coming from the backyard of the home. Officers and K-9 responded to search the area and K-9 Cjuk located Evans hiding in the backyard. The K9 officer called out for Evans to come out as the K-9 would be sent in if he didn’t. After there was no response, K9 Cjuk and his handler successfully took Evans into custody. He was charged with Unauthorized Use of Vehicle and Interfering with Police.  05/03/17 13:20, 200 BLOCK OF E 13TH AVE Criminal Trespass 1 – Case 1706962 Police responded to the location regarding a disorderly subject who had jumped multiple fences near the Circle K and was observed in the middle of the roadway yelling at cars. When police arrived, officers observed the subject, Casey Christian Westell, age 25, climb an apartment building and enter a residence on the second floor of the location. Police contacted him inside the residence and arrested him for Criminal Trespass in the First Degree.  05/02/17 21:51, 595 HWY 99N Possession of Methamphetamine – Case 1706942 An officer saw a Honda Civic jump the curb from Patty’s parking lot onto north bound Hwy. 99N. He stopped the vehicle and contacted the driver, Rina Yesenia Zaragoza, age 36, of Eugene, and found she was suspended for Delivery of Methamphetamine and currently on probation. After an investigation, she was found to be in possession of meth. She was charged with Possession of Methamphetamine. The officer also contacted the passenger, Daniel Alvarado Navarrete, age 24, of Eugene, and found that he had three warrants and was in possession of meth. He was charged with Possession of Methamphetamine and taken into custody on the warrants.  05/03/17 01:41, 1960 FRANKLIN BLVD Disorderly Conduct, Warrant – Case 1706947 An officer was sent to help CAHOOTS with a subject. When get got there, he found CAHOOTS was trying to get an intoxicated man to the hospital. The man, later identified as Steven Scott Sims, age 34, was walking in and out of traffic. He was also reported to have been hiding in the bushes and jumping out in front of women when they walked by, and trying to provoke a fight with security in the area. The officer contacted Sims at the 7-Eleven at 13th and Alder. Sims had a warrant for Theft 3 out of Sweethome. He was taken into custody and also charged with Disorderly Conduct. On May 2, EPD responded to 283 calls for service and made 23 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 255 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 33. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 264, and the number of arrests was 16. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 2 is 261, and the average number of arrests, 31.  05/03/17 01:41, 1900 BLOCK OF FRANKLIN BLVD Disorderly Conduct/Warrant – Case 1706947 Police responded to the area of 13th Avenue and Alder regarding a male subject who was observed walking in and out of traffic and jumping out at people as they walked by. Police contacted the subject, Steven Scott Sims, age 34, of Eugene, and arrested him for Disorderly Conduct and a warrant. He was transported to the Lane County Jail.  05/02/17 21:52, 2600 BLOCK OF ROOSEVELT BLVD Criminal Trespass 1 – Case 1706944 Police responded to the area regarding a trespasser who was contacted by Portland Western Railroad and refused to leave the property. Police contacted the subject, Ronald Twiles Guptill, age 55, who was in the area of the railroad tracks and cited him in lieu of custody for Criminal Trespass in the First Degree. 05/02/17 19:35, 1080 WILLAMETTE STREET Assault/Disorderly Conduct/Interfering With Police – Case 1706937 Police responded to the area regarding a male subject who was observed assaulting another male subject at the location. The officer contacted the subject, Marquel Duan Cary, age 19, of Eugene, and he refused to follow direction and ran east through West Broadway Alley toward Willamette Street. Officers eventually contacted the subject in the 900 block area of Willamette Street and arrested him for Disorderly Conduct, Assault and a Interfering With Police. He was transported to the Lane County Jail. The 17-year-old victim was evaluated for minor injuries at the scene.  05/02/17 10:22, 2580 HILYARD ST Violation Park Rules – Case 1706901 An RV owner was reported parked at the Amazon Pool lot for several days and was reported to be cultivating marijuana in public view. An officer was dispatched to the location. He contacted the RV’s owner, William Watson Canfield, age 72. There was a marijuana plant in a pot on the RV’s hood. Canfield was cited for Violation of Park Rules and issued a 30-day park restriction. On May1, EPD responded to 257 calls for service and made 17 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 259 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 36. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 272, and the number of arrests was 34. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 1 is 252, and the average number of arrests, 40.  05/01/17 03:10, 1060 JEFFERSON ST DUII Crash – Case 1706825 A single vehicle crashed and was on its roof at the location. Medics checked both occupants, who were not injured. An officer was dispatched as well and when he got there, he suspected impairment on the part of the driver,  Kylie Nicole Treadwell, age 23, of Eugene. During the investigation, it was found that Treadwell had hit a parked vehicle on the west side of Jefferson Street, before crashing onto its top. Treadwill was charged with DUII. 05/01/17 05:37, 2 CLUB RD/DAY ISLAND RD DUII – Case 1706821 An officer saw a Lexus in front of him going around a curve north onto Ferry Street Bridge then it crossed the divided line and sped onto the bridge. The officer stopped the vehicle and upon contacting the driver, Arvin Sanchez, age 28, of Eugene, he suspected impairment. After an investigation Sanchez was charged with DUII, and Failure to Drive in a Single Lane. 04/30/17 22:04, 100 W 8TH AVE/OLIVE ST DUII – Case 1706818 An officer spotted a Kia Spectra approaching a stop sign and it slowed, then turned and ran up and over the curb. The driver failed to use a turn signal when turning. It drove into W. 8th Alley, behind the Horsehead Tavern. The officer stopped the vehicle and contacted the driver, Stacey Ray Aldrich, age 42, of Eugene. Aldrich appeared impaired and after an investigation Aldrich was charged with DUII, Driving Uninsured, Failure to Obey Traffic Control Device, Improper Right Turn, Un-signaled Left Turn, and Open Container in Vehicle. 05/01/17 15:10, 4735 JESSEN DR APT Possession of Methamphetamine, Warrants – Case 1706864 An officer was sent to Golden Gardens Park to help an animal welfare officer with two wanted subjects. The officer identified the two as Stephanie Heather Grabb, age 38, of Eugene; and Mark Kevin Brown, age 50. During arrest, it was found Grabb was in possession of methamphetamine. Both were taken into custody on their warrants and Grabb was also charged with Possession of Methamphetamine. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Police Respond to Robbery at US Bank, 1675 W. 18th Next PostNext ASSE crafts OSHA Reform Blueprint to improve workplace safety and health Search Recent Posts After the lecture: Physicist Anthony Leggett Westernmost, low-lying region of Louisiana coast on track to drown under sea level rise Women’s History Month and one woman’s trek in science 8 ways the National Science Foundation supports our troops Boom times for fish populations in Wisconsin lakes RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home E-Edition Classifieds Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcams Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Waterbury May 11, 2017 - Your Page Towns: Greater Waterbury , Waterbury CT - no comments My faith in humanity has been restored. May 6, I went to Walmart in Waterbury, to return a purchase. Upon arriving, I discovered the return line was very long, so I decided to wait for another time to return it. I proceeded to do other shopping, checked out and went home, only to discover I had left the bag with the item and receipt in my carriage. My first thought was “Well, kiss that goodbye.” I decided to call, on the outside chance someone had turned in the bag. What a wonderful surprise it was to find that, yes, someone had indeed done that. To that special someone, I say thank you. May your kindness be paid back to you tenfold. God bless. Yes, Virginia, there still are honest people in this world. Judith Boccardi Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit Tumblr More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Email Print Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from Your Page Waterbury May 11, 2017 - Your Page - Tagged: Social media, Taxes Towns: Bristol CT, Greater Waterbury, Litchfield CT, Litchfield Hills, Waterbury CT - no comments I want to express my thanks and gratitude to everyone who contributed to Quilts that Care during the April 25-26 Greater Waterbury and Litchfield Connecticut Community Foundations’ Give Local campaign. Their generosity truly helps to make a difference in the… Read Post → Watertown May 11, 2017 - Your Page - Tagged: 68th House District, Republican Party Towns: Greater Waterbury, Watertown CT, Woodbury CT - no comments I would like to thank the voters of Connecticut’s 68th House District, for electing me to do the people’s work. I am overwhelmed with joy as I begin this new journey. I always will have the best interests of our… Read Post → Contributed Theatre group supports food bank May 11, 2017 - Your Page Towns: Woodbury CT - no comments Dan Denver of the Community Theatre at Woodbury, left, presented a check for $450 to Community Services Council President Bob Taylor, to benefit the Woodbury Food Bank. CTAW offers 100 percent of the proceeds raised by a raffle held at… Read Post → Waterbury May 11, 2017 - Your Page - Tagged: Police Towns: Greater Waterbury, Middlebury CT, Waterbury CT - no comments We want to express our support for Waterbury Ballers/Connecticut Select AAU youth basketball program. Our son, Sean, has traveled with the team for four years. He has learned to be a better student and a better person. The program is… Read Post → Contributed Knights’ fundraiser May 11, 2017 - Your Page Towns: Greater Waterbury, Lower Valley, Middlebury CT, Naugatuck CT - no comments The Naugatuck Knights of Columbus collected donations at the 4 Corners Grocery Store in Middlebury last fall, in return for Tootsie Rolls. The donations collected enabled them to make sizable contributions to Naugatuck Special Olympics and to the Colin Northrup… Read Post → Bristol May 11, 2017 - Your Page Towns: Bristol CT - no comments As Mother’s Day approaches, I am reminded that quite a few years ago, my late wife, Peggy, and I were sitting at a table with our grandchildren, Marykate, Bridget, Fiona and Sean. One of the grandchildren asked Marykate what she… Read Post → Carolyn’s Place unveils mobile unit April 20, 2017 - Your Page - Tagged: Police, Waterbury Regional Chamber Towns: Greater Waterbury, Waterbury CT Carolyn’s Place Pregnancy Care Center celebrates the opening of its new mobile unit, offering free pregnancy testing and free ultrasounds, with a ribbon-cutting ceremony in the Waterbury Police Activity League parking lot. Participating in the ribbon cutting ceremony April 18… Read Post → Bank donates to United Way April 20, 2017 - Your Page - Tagged: United Way Towns: Greater Waterbury, Thomaston CT, Waterbury CT Cindy Cipriano, middle, Waterbury branch manager for Thomaston Savings Bank, presents a check for $2,500 from the Thomaston Savings Bank Foundation Inc. to Karen Mello, left, director of Community Impact for the United Way of Greater Waterbury; and JoAnn Reynolds-Balanda,… Read Post → Checking out the computer lab April 20, 2017 - Your Page - Tagged: Naugatuck Valley Community College Towns: Greater Waterbury, Lower Valley, Naugatuck CT Naugatuck Valley Community College President Daisy Cocco de Filippis and Charles J. Boulier III, president and CEO of Ion Bank, meet in the computer lab at Founders Hall at NVCC. The Ion Bank Foundation recently presented a $15,000 gift to… Read Post → Waterbury April 20, 2017 - Your Page - Tagged: Social media, Waterbury Regional Chamber Towns: Greater Waterbury, Waterbury CT Having been involved in the Waterbury Regional Chamber for 20 years, I can say from experience, and with all sincerity, that this is one of the greatest resources and advocates for small businesses, and businesses in general, in Connecticut. For… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News Vehicles parked outside Waterbury gym targeted by thieves 3 hours ago Porcupines are making a comeback in Litchfield County 3 hours ago Union: Over-reliance on ELA testing fails kids, teachers in Waterbury 3 hours ago $47.6M town budget with tax cut wins OK in Oxford 3 hours ago Board cuts Region 14 plan 4 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community enter_Arts Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    Wheels News    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Should a commission be launched to study voter fraud? Yes, registration and voting issues need to be reviewed No, resources and time can be spent better elsewhere View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments raycity222 on Merrill skeptical of probe on voting raycity222 on Connecticut economy grew 1% in 2016 raycity222 on Confederate statues gone with the dawn saints on Mixmaster pricetag: $8 billion bmwm5 on Equity manager seeks state treasurer nod Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 05/10/2017 29-31-46-56-62 PB-08Next Drawing: Sat. May. 13Next Jackpot: $184.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $112.7 Mega Millions for 05/09/2017 06-29-45-69-73 MB-11 MP-5Next Drawing: Fri. May. 12Next Jackpot: $30.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $18.1 Lotto! for 05/09/2017 13-17-20-26-40-41Next Drawing: Fri. May. 12Next Jackpot: $2.1 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,711,000 Lucky for Life for 05/11/2017 05-14-17-31-32 LB-05Next Drawing: Mon. May. 15 Cash5 for 05/11/2017 07-13-14-26-27 Upcoming Events Apr 29 Sat all-day Art Exhibit @ Crescent Gallery Art Exhibit @ Crescent Gallery Apr 29 – May 14 all-day “Over the Rainbow.” Meet-and-greet with the artists 10 a.m.-1 p.m. on Thursdays. Exhibit ends May 14. May 12 Fri 9:30 am “Farm School” for Kids @ Flanders Nature Center “Farm School” for Kids @ Flanders Nature Center May 12 @ 9:30 am – 10:30 am May’s theme is horses. The program includes art projects, stories, hikes or puppet shows. The cost is $5 for child and caregiver for Flanders members, and $10 for nonmembers. Pre-registration required. 9:30 am Farm School @ Flanders Nature Center and Land Trust Farm School @ Flanders Nature Center and Land Trust May 12 @ 9:30 am – 10:30 am A monthly “Farm School” session for youngsters will be held Friday, May 12, at the north barn at Flanders Nature Center, 644 Flanders Road. Participants will meet miniature horses and learn horse facts like what they eat and do they... 10:00 am Lorraine Ryan Painting Exhibit @ New Milford Public Library Lorraine Ryan Painting Exhibit @ New Milford Public Library May 12 @ 10:00 am – 5:00 pm An exhibit of paintings by New Milford artist Lorraine Ryan will be hosted from Monday, April 17 through Saturday, June 24 by the New Milford Public Library, 24 Main St. Ryan is a graduate of the Parsons School of Design... 11:00 am Litchfield History Museum Exhibit @ Litchfield Historical Society Museum Litchfield History Museum Exhibit @ Litchfield Historical Society Museum May 12 @ 11:00 am – 5:00 pm The Litchfield Historical Society’s new exhibit, “Thoughts, Words and Deeds: Exploring the Litchfield Female Academy,” is open museum days and hours through Nov. 26. The exhibit introduces Miss Sarah Pierce’s school and highlights newly discovered information about the students and... View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads More Featured Ads Comments Popular Today Week Month All Trump tweets recall Blumenthal's false war cry Health care is a transcendent human right Claims for US unemployment aid fall by 2,000 to 236,000 Woman accused of threat to shoot 69-year-old husband Waterbury cleared of hiring bias Today Week Month All Jonathan N. Mahoney I-84 slated to close overnight for five days Waterbury police station hit by rock, homeless man arrested ESPN sportscaster Berman's wife killed in Woodbury crash Brian J. McCarthy II Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends Consumer Trends Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Aldi battles Walmart for price leadership May 11, 2017 Albertsons’ Q4 comp declines accelerate May 11, 2017 Learnings from Whole Foods' earnings call May 11, 2017 Sweeping change at Whole Foods May 10, 2017 Ahold Delhaize sales slow in Q1, but synergies protect profits May 10, 2017 Featured Peapod, Instacart team with hotel chain to combine room service with grocery delivery May 09, 2017 Southeastern confirms 20 store closures; store management restructuring May 08, 2017 Sobeys announces ‘manifest’ restructuring May 05, 2017 Sprouts fights off pricing woes, beats estimates in Q1 May 04, 2017 Matthew Lloyd/Getty Images News>Retail & Financial Aldi battles Walmart for price leadership Limited-assortment retailer expands private labels to strengthen position: report Mark Hamstra 1 | May 11, 2017 Aldi is responding to Walmart’s aggressive price cuts by expanding its offering of private label products and adopting a more flexible pricing strategy that will help it maintain its price leadership position, according to a Reuters report. The German-owned retailer, which earlier this year unveiled a $1.6 billion remodeling effort to expand its perishables assortments and modernize its layouts, is also continuing an aggressive expansion strategy, with 400 new store openings planned by the end of next year. Many of those outlets will be in Florida, Texas and along the East and West Coasts. Jason Hart, CEO of Aldi’s U.S. division, based in Batavia, Ill., told Reuters that Aldi’s internal price surveys show it with a 21% price advantage over Walmart — an advantage he is seeking to maintain. However, Reuters’ price surveys in five Midwestern cities where Walmart has undertaken a test of price reductions found that Walmart was about 5% to 10% cheaper for a basket of about 15 grocery items. Aldi’s remodeling strategy will expand its capacity to merchandise more private-label products in certain fast-growing categories, including perishables, the Reuters article reported. Liz Ruggles, an Aldi spokeswoman, said in a statement to SN, “More than 40 million shoppers each month trust us to deliver the highest quality foods at the lowest prices. From organic and gluten-free options, to antibiotic-free meats and cage-free eggs, we focus on providing our customers consistency, simplicity and most importantly, the products they want.” Aldi’s strategy, combined with Walmart’s testing of sharp price cuts, its own focus on private label and the anticipated incursion of Lidl, another German discounter eyeing a rapid rollout in the U.S., will likely exacerbate pricing pressures on traditional retailers, analysts said. “This will really shake up the industry, because Aldi has always been known as the low-price leader, and it appears they will not be undercut by Walmart,” said Jon Hauptman, senior director, retail, at consulting firm Willard Bishop, an Inmar Analytics company. “They are going to neutralize any potential vulnerability against Walmart.” The moves by Aldi and Walmart signal the need for traditional supermarket operators to closely examine their own lowest tier private-label assortments, he said. “I believe this will further demonstrate the need for traditional supermarkets to ensure they have a robust assortment of not just private label, but a robust assortment of economy private label that can serve as the opening price point in a category, and that should be different than their national brand equivalent lines of private label,” said Hauptman. “Their entry-level options should be such that they compete against Aldi and Walmart on a commodity basis — a price-per-unit of volume basis — and it would be their way to try to neutralize their vulnerability vs. Aldi or Walmart, and increasingly vs. dollar stores that are also taking share away from traditional supermarkets.” Having wide range of economy private labels throughout the store could help retailers enhance their price image, Hauptman said. Many traditional retailers have not had a strong enough presence with their lowest tier private labels to make a statement to customers, he explained. “It is incredibly important to have a robust assortment of economy or second-tier private-label items throughout the store, so that in those categories in which customers are willing to make a trade-off in order to save some money, that trade-off item is available,” Hauptman said. “This is actually as much about image, and it is a great way for any retailer, particularly traditional supermarkets, to strengthen price image without lowering prices,” he said. “This is more of a variety issue than it is a price reduction issue.” Aldi’s expansion of its private label comes as Walmart is reinvesting in its own Great Value line and other private labels. At an investor conference in March, CEO Doug McMillon said the increasing availability of name-brand products online will compress their margins over time, highlighting the need for a strong private-label offering. “Having a private brand from a margin mix point of view has always been important, but it is even more important now,” he said at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer & Retail Technology Conference in New York. The company has undertaken a significant effort to improve its sourcing capabilities in private label to improve both price and quality as part of an effort to drive customer loyalty to those brands, he said. Aldi, meanwhile, in recent years has been rolling out proprietary lines in such categories as specialty foods, natural and organic, and health and wellness, which help expand its customer base beyond those seeking strictly the lowest prices, Hauptman noted. The chain has been one of the fastest growing in the U.S., with sales up 9.4% in 2016, to about $12.8 billion, according to SN’s Top 75 report. Unit growth was up 9.9%, to 1,630 stores. 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Whole Foods plan draws mixed reviewsMay 12, 2017 Albertsons’ Q4 comp declines accelerateMay 11, 2017 Learnings from Whole Foods' earnings callMay 11, 2017 Marsh files Chapter 11May 11, 2017 Load More Next Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Local Government Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Katie Tallett’s journey: From pom squad to D-I distance runner Teen convicted of sexually abusing Marion kindergartners sent to state training school in Eldora Both Iowa City West teams impress at state-qualifying track meet Finally healthy, Lisbon's Jack Butteris shines at state-qualifying meet Police say Iowa City man got five pounds of pot in the mail Residents express anxiety, anger over Grande Avenue flooding Jacob Thumann adds to school-record home run total, Wartburg tops Coe in IIAC baseball tournament Finally healthy, Lisbon's Jack Butteris shines at state-qualifying meet Both Iowa City West teams impress at state-qualifying track meet Kirkwood honors Tippie with center name following new $1.1 million gift Trump calls Comey 'showboat,' acting FBI chief contradicts president Video Photo FILE PHOTO: A combination photo shows FBI Director James Comey (L) on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S. on July 14, 2016 and U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, U.S., March 1, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst,Kevin Lamarque/File Photos By Patricia Zengerle and Arshad Mohammed, Reuters May 11, 2017 at 4:33 pm | Print View WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump on Thursday called ousted FBI chief James Comey a “showboat” and “grandstander,” but its acting leader contradicted the president and promised the agency’s probe into possible Trump campaign ties to Russia would proceed with vigor. Trump, facing Democratic accusations that he fired Comey on Tuesday to hinder the FBI investigation into alleged meddling by Russia in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, said he would have taken the action even without a recommendation to do so by the two top Justice Department officials. That ran counter to previous administration explanations of Comey’s dismissal. The Republican president also gave further details of his account that Comey informed him three times that he was not under investigation. Trump’s personal attack on Comey seemed designed to underline that Comey’s dismissal was about his performance at the Federal Bureau of Investigation and not a probe that has hung over Trump’s presidency since he took office in January and threatens to overwhelm his policy priorities. In testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee, acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, testifying in place of Comey, promised to tell the panel of any White House meddling into the agency’s probe. Democrats have called for a special prosecutor to look into the Russia matter. “He’s a showboat. He’s a grandstander,” Trump told NBC News in his first interview since firing Comey. “The FBI has been in turmoil. You know that, I know that, everybody knows that.” The White House and Vice President Mike Pence have said Trump fired Comey on the recommendation of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and No. 2 Justice Department official Rod Rosenstein. On Thursday, Trump said: “I was going to fire Comey. My decision,” Trump said. “I was going to fire regardless of recommendation.” Trump told NBC News he never pressured Comey into dropping the FBI probe, adding: “If Russia did anything, I want to know that.” Trump said there was no “collusion between me and my campaign and the Russians,” but added that “the Russians did not affect the vote.” McCabe’s testimony contradicted Trump’s appraisal of turmoil at the FBI under Comey. “I can tell you also that Director Comey enjoyed broad support within the FBI and still does to this day,” McCabe said. “I can tell you that I hold Director Comey in the absolute highest regard. I have the highest respect for his considerable abilities and his integrity,” McCabe added. “And it has been the greatest privilege and honor of my professional life to work with him.” Trump will not visit FBI headquarters in Washington as expected after agency officials told the White House he would not be greeted warmly following his firing of Comey, MSNBC reported on Thursday. ‘VIGOROUSLY AND COMPLETELY’ McCabe vowed no letup in the investigation. “It is my opinion and belief that the FBI will continue to pursue this investigation vigorously and completely,” McCabe told the senators. He said there was no “crisis of confidence within the leadership of the FBI.” Trump told NBC he had asked Comey once over dinner and twice by telephone whether he was under investigation in the Russia matter. “I said: ‘If it’s possible, would you let me know, am I under investigation?’” Trump told NBC. “He said: ‘You are not under investigation.’” Trump said the dinner with Comey was at the White House and Comey wanted to discuss staying on as FBI chief. “We had a very nice dinner. And at that time, he told me: ‘You are not under investigation.’” White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said she believed it was not a conflict of interest for a president to ask the FBI chief such a question. Comey has not publicly discussed any conversations he had with Trump. McCabe testified it was not typical practice to tell people they were not a targets of an investigation. The Republican chairman of the Senate panel, Richard Burr, asked McCabe whether he ever heard Comey tell Trump the president was not the subject of investigation. McCabe sidestepped the question, saying he could not comment on an ongoing probe. In his letter firing Comey on Tuesday, Trump wrote: “While I greatly appreciate you informing me, on three separate occasions, that I am not under investigation, I nevertheless concur with the judgment of the Department of Justice that you are not able to effectively lead the Bureau.” U.S. intelligence agencies concluded that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an effort to disrupt the election that included hacking into Democratic Party emails and leaking them, with the aim of helping Trump. Leaders of the U.S. intelligence agencies, including Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and CIA chief Mike Pompeo, testified to the senators on Thursday that they agreed with that finding. Moscow has denied any such interference and the Trump administration denies allegations of collusion with Russia. “For many people, including myself, it’s hard to avoid the conclusion that the president’s decision to remove Director Comey was related to this investigation, and that is truly unacceptable,” said the Senate Intelligence Committee’s top Democrat, Mark Warner. The Trump administration has said Comey’s firing was unrelated to the Russia investigation. It said on Tuesday that Comey’s firing arose from his handling of an election-year FBI probe into Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server during her time as secretary of state. “And while it’s clear to me now more than ever that an independent special counsel must be appointed, make no mistake our committee will get to the bottom of what happened during the 2016 presidential election,” Warner said. Responding to Trump’s latest comments about Comey, Burr and Warner praised the ousted FBI chief’s integrity. Warner said he was offended at Trump’s remarks. Former Republican Representative Mike Rogers is being considered as a candidate to replace Comey, a senior White House official said. The nominee must be confirmed by the U.S. Senate. (Additional reporting by Susan Heavey, David Alexander and Susan Cornwell; Writing by Will Dunham; Editing by Grant McCool and Peter Cooney) Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Government articles Head of Iowa credit unions retiring Grassley: Briefing did not contradict Tr ... Trump calls Comey 'showboat,' acting FBI ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Katie Tallett’s journey: From pom squad to D-I distance runner Teen convicted of sexually abusing Marion kindergartners sent to state training school in Eldora Both Iowa City West teams impress at state-qualifying track meet Finally healthy, Lisbon's Jack Butteris shines at state-qualifying meet Police say Iowa City man got five pounds of pot in the mail Residents express anxiety, anger over Grande Avenue flooding Jacob Thumann adds to school-record home run total, Wartburg tops Coe in IIAC baseball tournament Finally healthy, Lisbon's Jack Butteris shines at state-qualifying meet Both Iowa City West teams impress at state-qualifying track meet Kirkwood honors Tippie with center name following new $1.1 million gift Trump signs order aimed at upgrading government cyber defenses Video Photo Tom Bossert, Homeland Security Advisor to President Trump, announces that Trump today signed an executive order to bolster the government's cyber security and protect the nation's critical infrastructure from cyber attacks, during a news briefing at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., May 11, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque By Dustin Volz, Reuters May 11, 2017 at 4:34 pm | Print View WASHINGTON — U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order on Thursday to bolster the government’s cyber security and protect critical infrastructure from cyber attacks, marking his first significant action to address what he has called a top priority. The order seeks to improve the often-maligned network security of U.S. government agencies, from which foreign governments and other hackers have pilfered millions of personal records and other forms of sensitive data in recent years. The White House said the order also aimed to enhance protection of infrastructure such as the energy grid and financial sector from sophisticated attacks that officials have warned could pose a national security threat or cripple parts of the economy. The directive, which drew largely favorable reviews from cyber experts and industry groups, also lays out goals to develop a more robust cyber deterrence strategy, in part by forging strong cooperation with U.S. allies in cyberspace. White House homeland security adviser Tom Bossert said the order sought to build on efforts undertaken by the former Obama administration. Among the notable changes, heads of federal agencies must use a framework developed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology to assess and manage cyber risk, and prepare a report within 90 days documenting how they will implement it. ‘PRACTICE WHAT THEY PREACH’ The Obama administration had encouraged the private sector to adopt the voluntary NIST framework. But it did not require government agencies to do so, which opened it up to criticism as it frequently scrambled to respond to major hacks, such as the theft of more than 20 million personnel records from the Office of Personnel Management. Government agencies would now “practice what they preach,” Bossert told reporters during a White House briefing. “A lot of progress was made in the last administration, but not nearly enough.” Michael Daniel, who served as White House cyber security coordinator under former Democratic President Barack Obama, generally praised the order but said it was largely “a plan for a plan.” Trump, a Republican, has also asked agencies to review their federal workforce’s cyber talent, an area where the government has faced a growing shortfall of qualified personnel in recent years. The order calls for an examination of the impact of moving agencies toward a shared information technology environment, such as through cloud computing services. It also urges voluntary cooperation with the private sector to develop better strategies to fend off and reduce attacks from botnets, or networks of infected devices. Trump nearly signed a cyber security measure just days into his presidency in January, but it was pulled back to allow for more input from federal agencies and consultation with experts. Before taking office, Trump said he intended to make cyber security a priority of his administration. But he has raised alarm among cyber security experts by frequently using a personal Twitter that could be hacked by an adversary. His skepticism of the conclusion by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia hacked Democratic emails during the election to help him win has drawn criticism. Russia has repeatedly denied assertions it used cyber means to meddle in the U.S. election. Bossert said Russia’s alleged hacks were not a motivation for the order, adding that “the Russians are not our only adversary on the internet.” (Reporting by Dustin Volz; Editing by David Gregorio and Peter Cooney) Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles Microsoft wants Windows to play nice wit ... Candymakers band together to reduce calo ... Highest-paid women reap rewards of tech ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
American al Qaeda recruit to be released from prison - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases American al Qaeda recruit to be released from prison Posted: Thursday, May 11, 2017 4:06 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, May 11, 2017 4:06 PM EDT By Aaron Cooper and Eric Levenson CNN (CNN) -- The American al Qaeda recruit who once pitched terrorist leaders on plans to bomb the Long Island Railroad and a WalMart store was sentenced Thursday to time served plus 90 days in prison during a New York federal court appearance. Bryant Neal Vinas has already served about 8 and a half years in prison after pleading guilty in January 2009 to a variety of terrorism charges. He could have faced life in prison, according to federal sentencing guidelines. Vinas's defense attorneys had argued that he should be released because he has provided "exceptional cooperation" with the US government since his arrest in Pakistan. "However, we can proudly state that Mr. Vinas took the worst experience in his life and turned himself into one of America's greatest weapons against al Qaeda," attorneys Michael Bachrach and Steve Zissou wrote in a court filing Friday. "Stated simply, he saved lives, and he helped the United States government substantially dismantle what had been the greatest threat to our nation and to our Western allies." Prosecutors agreed that Vinas had provided "extremely substantial" intelligence against the terrorist group. "He may have been the single most valuable witness against al Qaeda," prosecutors said. At his court appearance, the 34-year-old Vinas accepted responsibility and apologized to the court. "I would like to express my deepest apologies to the court," he said. "I would like to turn a bad thing into a good thing." 'American al Qaeda' Vinas's remarkable tale was the subject of a 2010 CNN documentary "American al Qaeda." Born in Long Island to South American parents, Vinas became radicalized and traveled to the Afghanistan-Pakistan border in 2007 to join al Qaeda and fight American troops. While there, Vinas pitched senior al Qaeda figures on the idea of bombing the LIRR and a WalMart store, he later told US officials. The bombings were never carried out. As CNN has reported, his capture in Pakistan in November 2008 was kept secret for eight months because of the highly sensitive information he started giving US authorities within days after they caught him. In 2010, a senior US counterterrorism official told CNN that Vinas had provided "extremely helpful information" in targeting al Qaeda operatives in the tribal areas of Pakistan. "Just by talking about what he saw, telling us what houses and streets operatives were living in, identifying how al Qaeda runs its courier networks, he has provided us priceless information," the senior official told CNN. "This was actionable intelligence." CNN's Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / National News / American al Qaeda recruit to be released from prison American al Qaeda recruit to be released from prison Posted on Thursday, May 11, 2017 by CNN in National News The American al Qaeda recruit who once pitched terrorist leaders on plans to bomb the Long Island Railroad and a WalMart store was sentenced Thursday to time served plus 90 days in prison during a New York federal court appearance. Bryant Neal Vinas has already served about 8 and a half years in prison after pleading guilty in January 2009 to a variety of terrorism charges. He could have faced life in prison, according to federal sentencing guidelines. Vinas’s defense attorneys had argued that he should be released because he has provided “exceptional cooperation” with the US government since his arrest in Pakistan. “However, we can proudly state that Mr. Vinas took the worst experience in his life and turned himself into one of America’s greatest weapons against al Qaeda,” attorneys Michael Bachrach and Steve Zissou wrote in a court filing Friday. “Stated simply, he saved lives, and he helped the United States government substantially dismantle what had been the greatest threat to our nation and to our Western allies.” Prosecutors agreed that Vinas had provided “extremely substantial” intelligence against the terrorist group. “He may have been the single most valuable witness against al Qaeda,” prosecutors said. At his court appearance, the 34-year-old Vinas accepted responsibility and apologized to the court. “I would like to express my deepest apologies to the court,” he said. “I would like to turn a bad thing into a good thing.” ‘American al Qaeda’ Vinas’s remarkable tale was the subject of a 2010 CNN documentary “American al Qaeda.” Born in Long Island to South American parents, Vinas became radicalized and traveled to the Afghanistan-Pakistan border in 2007 to join al Qaeda and fight American troops. While there, Vinas pitched senior al Qaeda figures on the idea of bombing the LIRR and a WalMart store, he later told US officials. The bombings were never carried out. As CNN has reported, his capture in Pakistan in November 2008 was kept secret for eight months because of the highly sensitive information he started giving US authorities within days after they caught him. In 2010, a senior US counterterrorism official told CNN that Vinas had provided “extremely helpful information” in targeting al Qaeda operatives in the tribal areas of Pakistan. “Just by talking about what he saw, telling us what houses and streets operatives were living in, identifying how al Qaeda runs its courier networks, he has provided us priceless information,” the senior official told CNN. “This was actionable intelligence.” Lawsuit: Cop fired for not shooting armed suicidal suspect Many Trump backers are 'totally OK' with Comey firing Related Posts EPA chief says agency ‘takes full responsibility’ for Animas River spill Video from apparent gunman’s perspective posted on social media Fox Lake officer’s killing: 3 caught on video not involved Six people shot in downtown Minneapolis Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
FRI, MAY 12, 2017 | 5 °C A few clouds Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 2 hours ago OPIOID BABIES: Born in withdrawal The Spectator’s Molly Hayes takes a look at the littlest victims of the... Latest News SEE MORE Noel Shanks (1922-2017): Happy warrior flew mission on D-Day Costas had no reason to get involved in cocaine, lawyer says Cancer researcher invested to Order of Canada Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown 8 hours ago World class vinyl plant opens its doors in Burlington Burlington can now call itself the vinyl record capital of Canada. Latest Business News SEE MORE Financials, energy stocks drag down TSX Learning how to perfect your business pitch 5 things to know about Aeroplan points LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 1 hour ago Upton, Fulmer lead Tigers to rare win at Angels, 7-1 Upton, Fulmer lead Tigers to rare win at Angels, 7-1 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Hoffman, Gonzalez lift Rockies to 10-7 win over Dodgers Cozart's clutch hit helps Reds top Giants, 3-2 Escobar's homer, 4 RBIs lead Twins past White Sox Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 2 hours ago The power of suggestion Elspeth Cameron is open to suggestions. Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Book Notes Rascal Flatts look to young songwriters for big hits “I like getting lost in B.C.” Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines May 09, 2017 The Spectator's view: A mayoral veto is just musing, but … You had to know that when Hamilton Mayor Fred Eisenberger used the word... Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment 11 hours ago New safety feature will stop drivers from getting beheaded by semi trucks The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS) is touting the benefits... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Signpost Status quo not an option for Ancaster well's arsenic 2018 Alfa Romeo Stelvio priced competitively at $42,990 Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 2 hours ago More older couples are ‘shacking up’ In many ways, the life that Karen Kanter and Stan Tobin share in... Latest Living Stories SEE MORE First jobs important in shaping who you are Take action on your marriage, not your crush Finding that middle ground Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 65% off Ground Chicken discount: 65% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $47.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Aftermarket or OEM parts – which is best? Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 65% off Ground Chicken discount: 65% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $47.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Dominion Lending Centres – Home Capital Solutions Inc. FSCO # 10844 Home News Business Canadian Tire to test out home delivery | 11 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 Canadian Tire to test out home delivery Canadian Tire to test out home delivery-Image1 The Canadian Press, 2017 Canadian Tire CEO Stephen Wetmore attends the company's annual general meeting in Toronto on Thursday, May 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Chris Young next play/pause pre TORONTO — Canadian Tire will launch a trial run with home delivery at the end of this year, its CEO said Thursday in what is likely a response to the rising threat posed from competitors such as Walmart and Amazon. The move marks a reversal for the national retailer, which for years had expressed no interest in home delivery, saying there was no need to offer it when 90 per cent of the country's population lives within 15 minutes of one of its stores. "It's a big move," Canadian Tire CEO Stephen Wetmore said in an interview Thursday following the company's annual general meeting and latest earnings release. Details are scant. Wetmore said the company needs to pick a market, decide on how many of its nearly 500 stores will participate and which products will be eligible for home delivery. The trial run will be assessed to determine whether home delivery should be rolled out across the country. "It's really complex with CTR (Canadian Tire retail)," he said. About 100 Canadian Tire stores across the country already offer limited delivery on a small number of products. Delivery is also already available at nearly all of Canadian Tire's other retail banners, including Mark's, Pro Hockey Life and Sport Chek. Canadian Tire has also offered a pay-and-pickup option since it rolled out its e-commerce website in 2014. The retailer is likely feeling the squeeze from the likes of Walmart Canada and Amazon, which offer same-day and sometimes free delivery. Wetmore recently returned as the head of the company in July, replacing Michael Medline, who had been in the top job for less than two years. Since his return, Wetmore's focus has been on improving Canadian Tire's e-commerce and data analytics strategy. He said Canadian Tire has been in recent talks with retailers, primarily in Europe, to sell its private brands including home decor lines such as Noma and Canvas. The company isn't eyeing any international expansion with its store banners at this point, Wetmore said, but it is open to more mergers and acquisitions abroad. On Wednesday, Canadian Tire announced it purchased Padinox, the company that owns the Canadian rights to the Paderno kitchenware brand, for an undisclosed amount. Earlier Thursday, Canadian Tire reported that its profit jumped 26 per cent in its latest quarter to $107.9 million, or $1.24 per share, for the 13-week period ended April 1. That compares with $85.6 million, or 90 cents per share, for the same period a year earlier. Its revenue climbed 7.6 per cent to $2.75 billion. The improvement came despite warmer weather in January and February that hurt sales in outerwear, accessories and boots and a cold start to spring that took a bite out of sales in bicycles, running shoes and casual clothing, the company said. Its shares were down 5.4 per cent in late afternoon trading on the S&P/TSX composite index, trading at $157.32. Follow @LindaNguyenTO on Twitter. By Linda Nguyen, The Canadian Press | (0) Comments Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News Crime Woman wounded in tenth Hamilton shooting this month Snapshot Ontario Four dead, two injured in seven-vehicle collision on Highway 401 Snapshot Ontario Diamond & Diamond’s top lawyer faces professional misconduct probe Snapshot Local Costas had no reason to get involved in cocaine, lawyer says Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Business VIDEO: Precision Record Press Local CityLife in the guy zone on James North Local VIDEO: Tour the new patient tower at Jo Brant Music VIDEO: Harbourtown Sound The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Walls close in on a Donald Trump, White House in 'chaos' A woman shot and wounded in home invasion on Hamilton Mountain Canadian reportedly charged in Mexican resort murder Shooting victim sustained life-threatening injuries in east Hamilton home invasion Baby Louie, a 66-million-year-old child star, finally identified In Your Neighbourhood Today An annual examination for oral cancer is a must Lakeside Dental in Stoney Creek has distinguished itself as a dependable team of dental... Canadian Tire: History of a revered Canadian icon When you next walk into Canadian Tire Hamilton Centre on Barton Street East in Hamilton, you may... Subprime car loans: Save thousands by choosing the right lender New to the country or have less-than-perfect credit history but need to finance a car? Subprime car... Start your children off on the right foot with a visit to Hamilton Family Foot Care Clinic Hamilton Family Foot Care Clinic specializes in orthopedic foot care for children of all ages.... Natural healing through salt chamber halotherapy and far infrared sauna Two age-old yet innovative treatments to boost and reinvigorate health and energy are available to... Legal Matters: Common mistakes made when applying for probate Question: I am applying to be the Estate Trustee with a Will - what are some common mistakes... Dentures and maintaining good oral health Continuing with good oral hygiene routines and professional checkups continues to be a significant... Legal Matters: Seeking damages on behalf of an injured family member Question: My daughter was in a car accident and was badly injured. Do I have a claim against the... Saving Matters: For the Budding Professional University graduation seems like it was just yesterday, but your first day at your new job is... Paradigm Condominiums: Innovating on all Fronts Since its launch, Paradigm Condominiums has been dedicated to innovation in Burlington,... Local patio furniture company was built from the ground up Every successful business has a story — in the case of Flamborough Patio in Hamilton, that story... Create the perfect Easter planter For many, when Easter weekend rolls around, we are reminded that spring has arrived. The weather... Canadian Tire: Something for everyone Canadian Tire Hamilton Centre takes pride in its role as a Canadian Tire store and the... Bedroom designs that are trending in 2017 When moving into a rental unit you might feel limited in terms of what you can do to your bedroom... Say hello to our ‘bowel buddies’: The friendly bacteria in our digestive tracts Elemental Therapies in the Stoney Creek region of Hamilton specializes in helping people attain... Bathroom upgrades made easy with local store's handy style guide Everyone has unique tastes, so it makes sense that your home reflects which style elements are... Living well with diabetes The friendly and caring team at Paramount Pharmasave in Stoney Creek can be an integral part of... Be prepared by purchasing your headstone in advance A cemetery marker can be a costly expense, but with Hamilton’s Sharp Monuments, you and your family... Legal Matters: Do you need additional automobile insurance to drive in the United States? Question: I’m travelling to Buffalo with my family for the weekend. Do I need to get special... External versus interior waterproofing: Hire the right contractor When you are looking to waterproof your basement, the experts at H&N Basement Worx in Hamilton want... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   54% off New York Hand-Cut AA/AAA Striploin Steaks $80 View Deal Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal 95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal 46% off Beef Hamburger Patties $30 View Deal 50% off Baby Back Ribs $55 View Deal Up to 48% off Salt Cave Sessions $15 View Deal Up to 41% off Prix Fixe Dinner $49 View Deal 65% off Ground Turkey $25 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Home Capital Q1 profits down slightly World class vinyl plant opens its doors in Burlington Beaudoin to quit Bombardier exec role Financials, energy stocks drag down TSX Learning how to perfect your business pitch PreviousNext Wealthsimple raises $50M in new funding 5 things to know about Aeroplan points TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Home News Canadian Tire to launch trial run of home delivery this year, CEO says Canadian Tire to launch trial run of home delivery this year, CEO says May 11, 2017 The Canadian Press   0 Canadian Tire will launch a trial run with home delivery at the end of this year, its CEO said Thursday in what is likely a response to the rising threat posed from competitors such as Walmart and Amazon. The move marks a reversal for the national retailer, which for years had expressed no interest in home delivery, saying there was no need to offer it when 90 per cent of the country’s population lives within 15 minutes of one of its stores. “It’s a big move,” Canadian Tire CEO Stephen Wetmore said in an interview Thursday following the company’s annual general meeting and latest earnings release. Details are scant. Wetmore said the company needs to pick a market, decide on how many of its nearly 500 stores will participate and which products will be eligible for home delivery. The trial run will be assessed to determine whether home delivery should be rolled out across the country. “It’s really complex with CTR (Canadian Tire retail),” he said. About 100 Canadian Tire stores across the country already offer limited delivery on a small number of products. Delivery is also already available at nearly all of Canadian Tire’s other retail banners, including Mark’s, Pro Hockey Life and Sport Chek. Canadian Tire has also offered a pay-and-pickup option since it rolled out its e-commerce website in 2014. The retailer is likely feeling the squeeze from the likes of Walmart Canada and Amazon, which offer same-day and sometimes free delivery. Wetmore recently returned as the head of the company in July, replacing Michael Medline, who had been in the top job for less than two years. Since his return, Wetmore’s focus has been on improving Canadian Tire’s e-commerce and data analytics strategy. He said Canadian Tire has been in recent talks with retailers, primarily in Europe, to sell its private brands including home decor lines such as Noma and Canvas. The company isn’t eyeing any international expansion with its store banners at this point, Wetmore said, but it is open to more mergers and acquisitions abroad. On Wednesday, Canadian Tire announced it purchased Padinox, the company that owns the Canadian rights to the Paderno kitchenware brand, for an undisclosed amount. Earlier Thursday, Canadian Tire reported that its profit jumped 26 per cent in its latest quarter to $107.9 million, or $1.24 per share, for the 13-week period ended April 1. That compares with $85.6 million, or 90 cents per share, for the same period a year earlier. Its revenue climbed 7.6 per cent to $2.75 billion. The improvement came despite warmer weather in January and February that hurt sales in outerwear, accessories and boots and a cold start to spring that took a bite out of sales in bicycles, running shoes and casual clothing, the company said. Its shares were down 5.4 per cent in late afternoon trading on the S&P/TSX composite index, trading at $157.32. Like Us Follow @cdnbiz Subscribe with Texture Get our daily briefing on innovation, leadership, technology & the economy. Weekdays at 6 AM ET. Learn More » Enter your email to sign up: Easily unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy & Terms of Service shares Share: Facebook Email Twitter LinkedIn Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Comments are closed. Top Follow us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
              Home E-edition Archives Advertise News Stands Public Records Obituaries Opinion Religion Education Government Events Sports Agriculture Health Business Police respond to theft reports, accidents May 11th, 2017 | By South Platte Sentinel | Category: Public Records, Sterling Police Department STERLING POLICE DEPARTMENT May 4 At 1:41 a.m. Joshua Martin Brienzi, 35, of Sterling, was arrested in the 100 block of N. Eighth Ave. on a warrant out of Logan County Sheriff’s Office for failure to appear. At 6:13 a.m. Michelle Maxine Prelle, 55, of Sterling, was arrested at 1614 W. Main St. on a warrant out of LCSO for failure to appear. May 2 At 12:15 p.m. Shantell Erma Cox, 21, of Sterling, was issued a state summons in the 600 block of Taylor St. for child abuse. At 8:30 a.m. Jacob Micheal Borough, 25, of Sterling, was issued a state summons at 110 Riverview Rd. for child abuse. At 8:45 p.m. Gerald Wayne Kirkendoll, 45, of Sterling, was issued a state summons at Sterling Police Department for harassment. At 5:36 p.m. Rafael Vasquez Morales, 52, of Sterling, was arrested in the 100 block of S. 10th Ave. on charges of theft – less than $50, possession of drug paraphernalia and possession of schedule I/II controlled substance. May 1 At 5:04 p.m. police responded to the 500 block of Walnut St. for theft. A 20-inch Next Turbo green/silver new boys bicycle, valued at $60, was stolen between 4 p.m. April 14 and 4 p.m. April 15. At 10:34 p.m. Jeremy Richard Todd Feyes, 31, of Sterling, was served a warrant out of SPD for failure to appear, while in the Logan County Jail. At 2:45 p.m. Daion Shemar Johnson-Lanier, 19, of Aurora, was arrested in the 400 block of Lincoln St. on a charge of possession of a schedule I/II controlled substance. At 7:47 a.m. police responded to Wal-Mart, 1510 W. Main St., for theft. A Capital One credit card was used fraudulently to purchase $231 worth of items. At 10:06 a.m. Richard Ryan Brown, 42, of Sterling, was arrested in the 100 block of N. Division Ave. on charges of driving a motor vehicle when license is suspended and driving without insurance. April 30 At 2:13 p.m. Anthony Lynn Johnson, 47, of Sterling, was arrested in the 1400 block of S. Third Ave. on charges of driving a motor vehicle when license is revoked and driving without motor vehicle insurance. At 12:41 a.m. Harold Wayne Elliott, 56, of Sterling, was arrested on N. Third Ave. on charges of three or more prior driving under the influence charges, DUI per se, driving a vehicle while license is revoked and headlamp equipment violation. At 2:29 p.m. Ellen Rhiannon Heinitz, 38, of Holyoke, was arrested in the 1400 block of S. Third Ave. on two warrants out of Phillips County for larceny. She was also issued a Colorado state summons for possession of drug paraphernalia. At 5 p.m. Louis Segura, 37, of Evans, was issued a municipal citation at 1510 W. Main St. for theft. April 29 At 2:18 a.m. Gregory John Chapdelaine, 21, was arrested in the 200 block of Oak St. on charges of driving under the influence, DUI per se and failure to stop for a red light. At 8:34 p.m. Manuel Octavio Talamantes, 45, of Sterling, was arrested in the 300 block of W. Main St. on charges of assault in the third degree and third degree criminal trespass. At 9:21 p.m. Joshua Moses Yack, 36, of Sidney, Neb., was arrested in the 800 block of Broadway St. on charges of harassment and domestic violence. At 4:30 p.m. Bryce William Evilsizer, 20, and Joseph Brandon Spencer, 19, both of Sterling, were issued municipal summonses in the 100 block of Stone Ct. for underage possession/consumption of alcohol. April 28 At 3:39 p.m. Shawn Alan Duffy, 40, of Sterling, was arrested in the 700 block of N. Third St. on a warrant out of LCSO for failure to appear. At 10:19 a.m. Donna Mae Larson, 74, of Berthoud, was arrested at SPD on a warrant out of SPD for failure to appear. At 6:55 a.m. Kenneth Francis Fanelli, 29, of Sterling, was booked into the Logan County Jail on a warrant out SPD for failure to comply. At 1:34 p.m. Christa Michelle Schrimpscher, 28, of Sterling, was arrested in the 400 block of N. Division Ave. on charges of felony menacing, assault in the third degree, criminal mischief — $300 to $750, obstructing a peace officer, resisting arrest, violation of a protection order and violation/revocation of bail bond. At 7:55 a.m. Lis Beth Ledingardner, 60, of Sterling, was issued a municipal summons for theft from Wal-Mart, while at the Logan County Jail. She was also arrested on a warrant out of SPD for failure to appear. At 5:16 p.m. Penny Jo Stahla, 59, of Sterling, was arrested in the 300 block of N. Third St. on a warrant out of SPD for violation of a protection order and domestic violence. At 2:31 p.m. police responded in the 400 block of N. Fifth Ave. for burglary. A 90-100 Craftsman socket set, valued at $100, was stolen between 6 p.m. April 25 and 2:30 p.m. April 28. April 27 At 11:54 a.m. police responded in the 200 block of N. Fourth St. 2 for burglary. Approximately two packages of ground beef (two pounds each), 200 paper plates, and two steaks, valued at $40, were stolen between 12:01 and 11 a.m. April 27. At 2:26 p.m. police responded to the 400 block of N. Third Ave. for theft. A wall clock and silver speakers, valued at $150, were stolen between 6 p.m. April 26 and 2:26 p.m. April 27. April 26 At 5:59 p.m. a 2009 Toyota Corolla, driven by Judy Knapp, 65, of Sterling, and a 2008 Chevy Malibu, driven by Alicia Lopez, 37, of Sterling, were driving southbound in the 100 block of N. Sixth Ave. The Toyota approached the red light at W. Main St. in the center of the roadway to go straight. As the Chevy also approached the intersection to make a right turn the Toyota moved to the right striking the right side of the Chevy. The impact ripped the front bumper off of the Chevy. No injuries were reported. The Toyota sustained moderate damage and the Chevy sustained severe damage. At 8:11 a.m. a 2011 Chevrolet Silverado, driven by Matt Kilmer, 37, of Merino, was stopped at the stop intersection facing westbound in the 10000 block of Riverside Dr. A 1991 Peterbuilt truck, driven by Phillip Locke, 46, of Sterling, was turning left onto Riverside Dr. from Right of Way Rd. The Chevrolet backed up, giving the Peterbuilt room to make the turn. While backing up the trailer attached to the Chevrolet crossed over the yellow line. The drivers side of the trailer of the Peterbuilt collided with the back drivers side of the Chevrolet’s trailer. No injuries were reported. Both trailers sustained slight damage. At 4:46 p.m. police responded to the 1800 block of Fillmore St. for harassment. At 2:03 p.m. police responded to the 600 block of Phelps St. for burglary. Two 1965 Chevy Corvair flag emblems from the trunk of a vehicle, valued at $30; a 1965 “Corvair” emblem, valued at $13.50; and a 1960 “Chevrolet” emblem, valued at $70, were stolen, and a combination lock, valued at $5, was destroyed, between 12 p.m. April 19 and 2 p.m. April 26. April 25 At 11:48 a.m. a 2002 Dodge Ram 1500, driven by Marvin Gardea Caraveo, 20, of Holyoke, was traveling south in the 900 block of Sidney Ave. A 2002 Pontiac Boneville, driven by Rose Pacheco, 54, of Sterling, was traveling directly in front of the Dodge. The Pontiac stopped in traffic and the Dodge impacted the Pontiac’s rear with its front. Pacheco complained of a neck injury. Both vehicles sustained slight damage. Gardea Caraveo was cited for following too closely. At 4:54 p.m. police responded to Mr. D’s, 200 Hays Ave., for theft. A yellow/black paver, valued at $12,000, was stolen between 8:30 p.m. April 24 and 4:54 p.m. April 25. April 24 At 4:30 p.m. Matthew Larue Whaley Jr., 29, of Sterling, was issued a municipal ticket in the 2100 block of Highway 6 for possession of drug paraphernalia. He was also arrested on a warrant out of Deuel County Sheriff’s Office, in Nebraska, for failure to appear. April 23 At 1:23 p.m. a 2007 Ford Fusion, driven by Christian Martinez, 20, of Limon, was traveling west on Logan St. at Acoma St. and a 2012 Nissan Pathfinder, driven by Brandi Torres, 41, of Sterling, was traveling east. The Ford turned left and impacted the Nissan’s passenger side with its passenger side. No injuries were reported. Both vehicles sustained moderate damage. Martinez was cited for failure to yield the right of way. April 22 At 12:57 p.m. a 2005 Lincoln Town, driven by Rodney Schaefer, 66, of Sterling, was stopped at the stop sign on S. 10th Ave. at the intersection of S. 10th Ave. and W. Main St. A 2015 Jeep Grand Cherokee, driven by Valerie Schubert, 62, of Sterling, was in the 1000 block of W. Main St. headed eastbound. The Lincoln failed to yield right of way and proceeded to make a left turn, when its front end collided with the Jeep’s front passenger side. No injuries were reported. Both vehicles sustained severe damage. Schaefer was cited for failure to grant the right-of-way. April 21 At 10:30 a.m. Samantha Louise Gamez, 30, of Sterling, was issued a municipal summonsin the 300 block of Chestnut St. for theft. Melissa Michelle Woodside, 34, of Sterling, was also issued a summons for theft. At 2:06 p.m. police responded to the 200 block of S. Second St. for theft. An Acer 15.6 black laptop, valued at $545.34, was stolen between 4:30 and 6:30 p.m. April 20. April 12 At 1:39 a.m. a 2008 Dodge 1500, driven by William Shepard, 49, of Sterling, driving eastbound in the 100 block of Hamilton St. collided its front end with the rear of a parked 2005 Mercury Mountaineer, owned by Brandy Romero, of Sterling, pushing the Mercury into a parked 2007 Pontiac Grand Prix, owned by Monica Becerra, of Sterling, No injuries were reported. The Dodge and Mercury sustained severe damage and the Pontiac sustained moderate damage. Shepard was cited for careless driving. At 12:13 p.m. a 2002 Toyota Tacoma, driven by a Sterling minor and a 2016 Jeep Patriot, driven by Becky Hancock, 61, of Sterling, were stopped at the intersection of W. Main St. and Hays Ave. facing westbound. The Sterling minor stated he observed the light turn green for westbound traffic and pulled forward. The Tacoma collided with the back of the Jeep. No injuries were reported. The Toyota sustained severe damage and the Jeep sustained slight damage. The Sterling minor was cited for following too closely. April 10 At 1:13 p.m. a 2001 Ford F350, driven by Craig Egan, 48, of Parker, parked on the right side of the road in the 100 block of N. Fourth Ave., backed southbound across the road to the west side of the road and collided its back right corner with a tree in the front yard at 119 N. Fourth Ave. No injuries were reported. The vehicle sustained slight damage. Egan was cited for improper backing. April 9 At 7:17 a.m. police responded to the 2100 block of Leisure Ln. for theft. A black wallet, valued at $1, and $1,380 in cash inside the wallet was stolen between 8 p.m. April 8 and 7 a.m. April 9. Related Articles Blue Santa to meet with children Saturday Several people arrested on drug-related charges Accident takes life of 30-year-old Sterling man Purse stolen, multiple citations issued Police make drug arrests Sovrn Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Recent Articles Deputies respond to burglary alarm, rollover Overland Trail Museum to hold Prairie School registration Saturday Virgil E. Irelan Letter to the Editor: Red Cross appreciates support Logan County, NJC agree on fairgrounds lease Local News Letters to the Editor Logan County Sheriff’s Recent Comments Riste on Dems honor Sentinel founders at annual gathering Marci Ekberg Dreiling on Betty Lou Scheuerman XRumerTest on The best of blessings, and the curse XRumerTest on Habitat helps cause lower pheasant population XRumerTest on Sterling boys defeat Platte Valley Broncos Stay informed Entries RSS Comments RSS Weather courtesy of KCI Sterling Municipal Airport, CO Last Updated on May 11 2017, 11:50 pm MDT Weather by NOAA Current Conditions: Fair Temp: 45°F Wind: South at 3mph Humidity: 93% Dewpoint: 42.8°F Your 5-Day Forecast at a Glance Local Links Logan County City of Sterling Logan County Economic Development Logan County Chamber of Commerce Logan County Fair & Rodeo Sterling Journal-Advocate Advertise With Us! South Platte Sentinel 504 N. 3rd St. 80751, Sterling 970-526-9297 © 2017 South Platte Sentinel | Designed by aSunder Limit | Hosted by KCI Communications Go to Top
Latest View latest happenings Latest News National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Today's Paper Fri May 12, 2017 View Newspaper Opinion Newspost Editorial Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar e-paper e-paper Fri May 12, 2017 Magazines View all Magazines Instep Money Matters YOU US Writer's Archive View all Writers search Home Latest National Today's Paper Trending Kulbhushan Yadavpanama leaksCPECRaddul Fasaad Home Latest National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Oped Opinion Newspost Editorial Writer's Archive City News Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar Magazines Instep Money Matters< YOU US search Today's Paper e-paper Fri May 12, 2017 Toggle navigation Trending: Kulbhushan Yadav panama leaks CPEC Raddul Fasaad Advertisement Can't connect right now! retry add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! Print Story X Print Story Business May 11, 2017 Share Advertisement Amazon trounces rivals in battle of the shopping ‘bots’ SAN FRANCISCO: Earlier this year, engineers at Wal-Mart Stores Inc who track rivals´ prices online got a rude surprise: the technology they were using to check Amazon. com several million times a day suddenly stopped working. Losing access to Amazon.com Inc´s data was no small matter. Like most big retailers, Wal-Mart relies on computer programs that scan prices on competitors´ websites so it can adjust its listings accordingly. A difference of even 50 cents can mean losing a sale. But a new tactic by Amazon to block these programs - known commonly as robots or bots - thwarted the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer. Its technology unit, @WalmartLabs, was unable to work around the blockade for weeks, forcing it to retrieve Amazon´s data through a secondary source, according to a person familiar with the matter who was not authorized to speak publicly. The previously unreported incident offers a case study in how Amazon´s technological prowess is helping it dominate the retail competition. Now the largest online retailer in the world, Amazon is best known by consumers for its fast delivery, huge product catalog and ambitious moves into areas like original TV programming. But its mastery of the complex, behind-the-scenes technologies that power modern e-commerce is just as important to its success. Dexterity with bots allows Amazon not only to see what its rivals are doing, but increasingly to keep them in the dark when it undercuts them on price or is quietly charging more. "Benchmarking against Amazon is going to become hard," said Guru Hariharan, a former Amazon manager who now sells pricing software to retailers as chief executive of Mountain View, California-based Boomerang Commerce. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined to discuss the January episode but said the company improves its technology regularly and has multiple tools for tracking items. He said the company offers value not only through pricing but from discounts for in-store pickup and other benefits. A spokeswoman for Amazon said the company is aware of competitors using bots to check its listings and denied any "campaign" to stop them.   Advertisement Comments Comment Advertisement Topstory PM says he is answerable after five years Don’t play politics on civil-military ties, says Nisar SC gives more time to PTI on question of probe by ECP Gen Bajwa lauds army’s role in peace, stability Visits Quetta Garrison Three civilians martyred in Indian firing at LoC View more... see all opinions Opinion Ahmad Bilal Tiwana A disaster in the making Imtiaz Alam Revisiting the art of all-around war Zalan Khan Khyber mail Shahzad Chaudhry Iran: a self-inflicted wound? Dr Ramesh Kumar Vankwani The future of nursing Ahmed Bilal Learning from catastrophes see all opinions Newspost Sleepless in Karachi Chikungunya Settled Tensions at Chaman Going green View more... see all opinions Editorial In the national interest Day for midwives View more... see all opinions National Contrary to Nawaz, Imran challenges maintainability of petition against him Businessman alleges life threats, bid to deprive him of assets Hafiz Saeed, aides’ detention case hearing on 16th Muslim women protest against Triple Talaq, recite at Varanasi temple Key accused arrested from Islamabad Airport View more... see all opinions World Russia meddled in American elections Somalia asks world to help stabilise ravaged nation Dozens join rare hunger strike at Japanese immigration centre Italians become first couple to reach world’s highest summits Indian school head arrested over child rape View more... see all opinions Sports Azhar lumbers to hundred for prudent Pakistan Pak cricketers pay tribute to retiring duo Kapil backs India to defend Champions Trophy title Du Plessis hints at retirement after 2019 World Cup Nawaz appears before PCB’s ACU View more... see all opinions Business FBR deploys IR officials at oil refineries to check concealment PSX forfeits TRE certificate of brokerage house PMEX launches wheat futures contracts Higher oil price allowed Saudi to stop selling foreign assets OPEC wants collective efforts to counter US oil output View more... see all opinions Karachi 479 under-five kids died in Tharparkar in past three years, SHC told Robbers injure five of a family for resisting burglary Former FCS vice-chairman indicted in corruption reference Wounds of May 12 riots still fresh for affected families Pashtun parties’ events View more... see all opinions Lahore ‘Expressway project to streamline traffic system’ Teenager kills self over domestic issue Sale of carbonated, energy drinks banned in schools Shab-e-Barat observed Rs24.7m robbery accused arrested View more... see all opinions Islamabad Thyroid glands dysfunction can cause cancer, other health issues 80 squads constituted for quick response to counter untoward situation Presence of poliovirus in Islamabad raises alarm Beneficiaries of PM Health Programme to get free medicines in OPDs Slim chance of Ramazan moon sighting on 26th View more... see all opinions Peshawar see all opinions Advertisement PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US | BACK ISSUES © 2017 THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL Back To Top
VISIT CNBC.COM VISIT CNBC.COM Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials SHOWS Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials All Shows Adventure Capitalists American Greed American Vice Billion Dollar Buyer Blue Collar Millionaires Cleveland Hustles Ground Zero Rising Jay Leno’s Garage Make Me a Millionaire Inventor The Deed The Deed: Chicago The Filthy Rich Guide The Partner The Profit The Profit in Cuba Secret Lives of the Super Rich Shark Tank Undercover Boss West Texas Investors Club Full Episodes Live Store X Money Money The 5 highest-paid CEOs in the US Emmie Martin | @emmiemartin 11 Hours Ago CNBC.com Andrew Burton | Getty Images SHARES It pays to be CEO. And if you're leading a major tech company, such Apple, Google or IBM, it pays especially well. Bloomberg recently released its ranking of the highest-paid executives of 2016, based on the Bloomberg Pay Index, which tracks the 200 highest-paid executives who appear in filings from companies that submit compensation details to U.S. regulators. The index includes factors such as salaries, bonuses, perks and options from the most recent year. Unsurprisingly, the top five highest-paid CEOs all helm powerful companies in the tech realm. Marc Lore, now the CEO of Walmart's e-commerce division, claims the No. 1 spot, with Apple's Tim Cook in second. The majority of Lore's earnings stem from Walmart's purchase of his company, Jet.com, for $3 billion in August. The only non-tech executive to crack the top five is John Weinberg, executive chairman of Evercore Partners, who lands at No. 3 on Bloomberg's list with total compensation of $124 million. However, for the purpose of this list, we've included only the top 5 CEOs, and that excludes Weinberg. Here's how much the U.S.'s five best-paid chief executives are pulling in. David A. Grogan | CNBC Ginni Rometty, Chairwoman, President and CEO of IBM, at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. 5. Ginni Rometty, IBM Total compensation: $96,764,750 Salary: $1,600,000 Bonus: $4,950,000 Stock awards: $15,105,991 Option awards: $73,879,712 Pension, deferred and other: $1,229,047 STR | AFP | Getty Images Elon Musk 4. Elon Musk, Tesla Total compensation: $99,744,920 Salary: $45,936 Option awards: $99,698,984 Getty Images Google CEO Sundar Pichai 3. Sundar Pichai, Google Total compensation: $106,502,419 Salary: $650,000 Stock awards: $105,480,009 Pension, deferred and other: $372,410 Getty Images Tim Cook, CEO of Apple Inc. 2. Tim Cook, Apple Total compensation: $150,036,907 Salary: $3,000,000 Bonus: $5,370,000 Stock awards: $141,289,188 Source: Walmart Marc Lore 1. Marc Lore, Walmart U.S. E-commerce Total compensation: $236,896,191 Salary: $346,154 Bonus: $1,055,136 Acquisition awards: $235,468,788 Pension, deferred and other: $26,113 Don't miss: 28 in-demand jobs that pay over $90,000 show chapters High-paying jobs that make getting a graduate degree worth it    Wednesday, 5 Apr 2017 | 9:43 AM ET | 00:50 Emmie MartinReporter for CNBC Make It Primetime Shows Watch full episodes | TV schedule To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
null
Top 6 Vendors in the DIY Home Improvement Market in the US from 2017 to 2021: Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the DIY home improvement market in the US from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the DIY home improvement market in the US from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 11, 2017 01:23 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technavio has announced the top six leading vendors in their recent DIY home improvement market in the US report. This research report also lists 10 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. Competitive vendor landscape According to the report, the global DIY market is fragmented due to the presence of both established players and small private players operating across the global market. With the rising competition, manufacturers are bringing innovations to the market to meet the buying trends among customers. “The market is expected to be more competitive during the forecast period, with several product launches, price wars, and mergers and acquisitions being the drivers for many key companies,” says Poonam Saini, a lead retail goods and services research analyst from Technavio. This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: View market snapshot before purchasing Buy 1 Technavio report and get the second for 50% off. Buy 2 Technavio reports and get the third for free. Top six DIY home improvement market vendors in the US Ace Hardware ACE Hardware allows its customer to purchase merchandises in bulk at the lowest possible price. It includes various sizes of stores such as small urban stores and large rural stores. It offers a wide variety of lawn, paint, and garden tools. Other than DIY products, it offers services such as repair, fixes, and home maintenance. ADEO ADEO offers a broad range of items that include gardening products, building products, decorative products, bathroom accessories, kitchen products, and storage goods. On October 15, 2014, the company introduced Quotatis (leading consumer matching service in the home improvement sector). This enabled the company to increase customer satisfaction for both building professionals and domestic customers. Home Depot Home Depot offers cabinets and cabinet hardware; carts, islands, and utility tables; kitchen sinks and garbage disposals; microwaves; tea, coffee, and espresso makers; blenders and juicers; kitchen faucets; and water dispensers and filters. Lowe's Lowe's is a home improvement retail company. It offers home improvement products at low prices and delivers superior customer service. The company offers products in the following segments: fashion fixtures, rough plumbing and electrical, kitchens and appliances, flooring, millwork, outdoor power equipment, lawn and garden, seasonal living, paint, home fashions, storage, and cleaning, lumber and building materials, tools and hardware, and others. Menard Menard claims to be one of the low-price leaders in the home improvement industry. Menard has several affiliated websites for real estate, nail paints, maintenance, repair and operations, transportation, and self-storage. Walmart Walmart is known as the leading retailer in the world owing to its core competence in its use of information technology to support its international logistics system. Walmart’s global organizational structure provides it with greater flexibility to grow and expand within the Chinese territory. Browse Related Reports: Global Ab and Core Toning Machine Market 2017-2021 Global Humidifiers Market 2017-2021 Online Retail Market in the US 2017-2021 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like luggage, retail systems, and pet supplies. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary Technavio has announced the top six leading vendors in their recent DIY home improvement market in the US report from 2017-2021. #Hashtags #RetailGoods #DIY #Research #Technavio Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Top 6 Vendors in the DIY Home Improvement Market in the US from 2017 to 2021: Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the DIY home improvement market in the US from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the DIY home improvement market in the US from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 11, 2017 01:23 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technavio has announced the top six leading vendors in their recent DIY home improvement market in the US report. This research report also lists 10 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. Competitive vendor landscape According to the report, the global DIY market is fragmented due to the presence of both established players and small private players operating across the global market. With the rising competition, manufacturers are bringing innovations to the market to meet the buying trends among customers. “The market is expected to be more competitive during the forecast period, with several product launches, price wars, and mergers and acquisitions being the drivers for many key companies,” says Poonam Saini, a lead retail goods and services research analyst from Technavio. This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: View market snapshot before purchasing Buy 1 Technavio report and get the second for 50% off. Buy 2 Technavio reports and get the third for free. Top six DIY home improvement market vendors in the US Ace Hardware ACE Hardware allows its customer to purchase merchandises in bulk at the lowest possible price. It includes various sizes of stores such as small urban stores and large rural stores. It offers a wide variety of lawn, paint, and garden tools. Other than DIY products, it offers services such as repair, fixes, and home maintenance. ADEO ADEO offers a broad range of items that include gardening products, building products, decorative products, bathroom accessories, kitchen products, and storage goods. On October 15, 2014, the company introduced Quotatis (leading consumer matching service in the home improvement sector). This enabled the company to increase customer satisfaction for both building professionals and domestic customers. Home Depot Home Depot offers cabinets and cabinet hardware; carts, islands, and utility tables; kitchen sinks and garbage disposals; microwaves; tea, coffee, and espresso makers; blenders and juicers; kitchen faucets; and water dispensers and filters. Lowe's Lowe's is a home improvement retail company. It offers home improvement products at low prices and delivers superior customer service. The company offers products in the following segments: fashion fixtures, rough plumbing and electrical, kitchens and appliances, flooring, millwork, outdoor power equipment, lawn and garden, seasonal living, paint, home fashions, storage, and cleaning, lumber and building materials, tools and hardware, and others. Menard Menard claims to be one of the low-price leaders in the home improvement industry. Menard has several affiliated websites for real estate, nail paints, maintenance, repair and operations, transportation, and self-storage. Walmart Walmart is known as the leading retailer in the world owing to its core competence in its use of information technology to support its international logistics system. Walmart’s global organizational structure provides it with greater flexibility to grow and expand within the Chinese territory. Browse Related Reports: Global Ab and Core Toning Machine Market 2017-2021 Global Humidifiers Market 2017-2021 Online Retail Market in the US 2017-2021 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like luggage, retail systems, and pet supplies. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary Technavio has announced the top six leading vendors in their recent DIY home improvement market in the US report from 2017-2021. #Hashtags #RetailGoods #DIY #Research #Technavio Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Top 6 Vendors in the DIY Home Improvement Market in the US from 2017 to 2021: Technavio LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Technavio has announced the top six leading vendors in their recent DIY home improvement market in the US report. This research report also lists 10 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. Competitive vendor landscape According to the report, the global DIY market is fragmented due to the presence of both established players and small private players operating across the global market. With the rising competition, manufacturers are bringing innovations to the market to meet the buying trends among customers. “The market is expected to be more competitive during the forecast period, with several product launches, price wars, and mergers and acquisitions being the drivers for many key companies,” says Poonam Saini, a lead retail goods and services research analyst from Technavio. This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: View market snapshot before purchasing Buy 1 Technavio report and get the second for 50% off. Buy 2 Technavio reports and get the third for free. Top six DIY home improvement market vendors in the US Ace Hardware ACE Hardware allows its customer to purchase merchandises in bulk at the lowest possible price. It includes various sizes of stores such as small urban stores and large rural stores. It offers a wide variety of lawn, paint, and garden tools. Other than DIY products, it offers services such as repair, fixes, and home maintenance. ADEO ADEO offers a broad range of items that include gardening products, building products, decorative products, bathroom accessories, kitchen products, and storage goods. On October 15, 2014, the company introduced Quotatis (leading consumer matching service in the home improvement sector). This enabled the company to increase customer satisfaction for both building professionals and domestic customers. Home Depot Home Depot offers cabinets and cabinet hardware; carts, islands, and utility tables; kitchen sinks and garbage disposals; microwaves; tea, coffee, and espresso makers; blenders and juicers; kitchen faucets; and water dispensers and filters. Lowe’s Lowe’s is a home improvement retail company. It offers home improvement products at low prices and delivers superior customer service. The company offers products in the following segments: fashion fixtures, rough plumbing and electrical, kitchens and appliances, flooring, millwork, outdoor power equipment, lawn and garden, seasonal living, paint, home fashions, storage, and cleaning, lumber and building materials, tools and hardware, and others. Menard Menard claims to be one of the low-price leaders in the home improvement industry. Menard has several affiliated websites for real estate, nail paints, maintenance, repair and operations, transportation, and self-storage. Walmart Walmart is known as the leading retailer in the world owing to its core competence in its use of information technology to support its international logistics system. Walmart’s global organizational structure provides it with greater flexibility to grow and expand within the Chinese territory. Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like luggage, retail systems, and pet supplies. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Flexible Shaft Couplings Market Analysis by Current Industry Status & Growth Opportunities, Top Key Players, Target Audience and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Europe, the Middle East and Africa Solution Polymerized Styrene-Butadiene Rubber (SSBR) Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Search Recent Posts Probiotic Drinks Industry Seeking Growth from Emerging Markets RBNZ sees slower credit growth as lenders compete North America Automotive Valve Stem Seal Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Kombucha Industry : Worldwide Market Trends & Forecasts to 2021 Goodman Property JV to buy central Auckland office building RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
MENU Reason.com Free Minds & Free Markets TRENDING TOPICS CLOSE Net Neutrality Supreme Court Immigration NAFTA Obamacare Taxes Donald Trump Freedom of Speech Asset Forfeiture Marijuana Russia Police Neil Gorsuch Torture Defense Spending School Choice College PC Gun Control Terrorism Libertarian Party Hillary Clinton MENU CLOSE Home ReasonTV Hit & Run Digital/Print Magazine Subscribe GET REASON MAGAZINE Get Reason's print or digital edition before it’s posted online Subscribe to Reason Digital Subscribe to Reason’s Print Edition Give a Gift Subscription Donate Shop Shop Amazon and Support Reason Shop Reason Swag Shop Amazon and Support Reason Shop Reason Swag Font Size + Font Size - submit Net Neutrality Supreme Court Immigration NAFTA Obamacare Taxes More Donald Trump Freedom of Speech Asset Forfeiture Marijuana Russia Police Neil Gorsuch Torture Defense Spending School Choice College PC Gun Control Terrorism Libertarian Party Hillary Clinton More HIT & RUN BLOG Elizabeth Warren's Over-the-Counter Hearing Aid Bill Tries to Sell More Regulation As Less Regulation And her conservative opponents are doing the exact same thing. Christian Britschgi|May. 11, 2017 12:25 pm Edward Kimmel / FlickrSen. Elizabeth Warren (D–Mass) a deregulator? It almost sounds too good to be true. The progressive Democrat, historically hostile to free markets, teams up with Republican Sen. Charles Grassley (R–Iowa) to propose that stores be allowed to sell hearing aids over-the-counter. And, of course, it's not true. Far from stripping away regulation to make it simpler and cheaper for people to care for their hearing needs, the Over-the-Counter Hearing Aid Act of 2017 loads on regulation that would, if passed, likely drive low-cost alternatives to hearing aids out of the market. To make matters worse, this regulatory and crony sleight of hand is bipartisan. To understand how this could be requires understanding a little bit about hearing aid regulation. All devices sold as hearing aids in the U.S. are regulated through the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). They require a prescription from a doctor. They are sold by only a handful of companies, and can cost thousands of dollars. Because of this there exists a thriving market in Personal Sound Amplification Products (PSAPs), which perform the same basic function as prescription hearing aids—amplifying sound for the user—but are available for as little as $20 at Wal-Mart or less on the Internet. PSAP makers, however, are not permitted to market their products as solutions or even an aid to diagnosed symptoms of hearing loss. The FDA list of specific marketing no-nos includes helping a customer hear conversations in a crowded room, or follow movie dialogue. To get around this, companies often brand their products as hunting or bird watching aids, helping to pick up natural sounds. Website reviews for the low-cost aids substitute for the ads. "I purchased these for myself as I cannot afford expensive hearing aids," a Wal-Mart website review reads. "They are good for the money you pay. They amplify and I do not have to ask my friends to repeat everything." The Warren and Grassley bill, introduced in March of this year, would create a whole new regulatory class of devices called Over the Counter (OTC) hearing aids. These OCT hearing aids could be marketed as a means of assisting with mild to moderate hearing loss, provided they meet yet-to-be determined FDA standards on safety, labeling, and audio output. Crucially, Warren's legislation instructs the Department of Health and Human Services secretary to redefine what a PSAP is, with the goal of shifting more PSAPs into this new, more regulated OCT hearing aid category. At minimum, regulation would drive up the cost of PSAPs. And depending on how onerous those new regulations are, many devices would fail to meet the new standards. To no one's surprise, makers of high-end PSAPs have been lobbying hard for the bill. TechCrunch reports that Doppler Labs—a tech start up that produces a $300 PSAP known as Here One—has been working closely with Warren. Doppler also hired KR Liu—a member of the Consumer Technology Association's standards committee on PSAPs—to be its director of advocacy and accessibility in 2015. The Consumer Technology Association has since endorsed and promoted passage of Warren's bill. Bose—maker of the PSAP the $499 "Hearphones"—has spent roughly $50,000 on lobbying for the OTC Hearing Aid Act this year, according to lobbying disclosures. Records from 2016 also show Bose spending $100,000 lobbying on "issues related to the FDA," though no specific legislation is listed. On Monday, a coalition of some 20 conservative and business groups—including the Campaign for Liberty, the Black Chamber of Commerce, and Tea Party Nation—penned a letter to Sen. Lamar Alexander, who chairs the Senate Committee that is currently considering Warren's bill, warning him of its potential impact. "Sen. Warren's bill will do nothing to give consumers greater access, or lower prices," the letter warns, going on to call the OTC Hearing Aid Act "another big government ploy to create more regulations and aid corporate rent seekers." While opposed to Warren's bill, the coalition behind the letter is not all that keen on deregulation, either. The letter goes out of its way to say, "PSAPs are not medical devices, and don't need to be regulated like medical devices." It adds that OTC hearing aids would "lead to poorer health outcomes by eliminating the doctor-patient relationship in finding the right hearing aid and tailoring it to the patient's needs." In other words, the coalition is opposed to lifting marketing restrictions on PSAPs, the only deregulatory aspect of Warren's bill, echoing the sentiments of the Hearing Industries Association. The bill, the association said in a March statement, might even encourage people to engage in self-directed treatment. Instead, the association recommends PSAPs "meet the same safety and efficacy standards that FDA requires of air-conduction hearing aids fitted by hearing health professionals," the same standard as multi-thousand-dollar prescription hearing aids. To date, the fight over the bill, which has yet to get a hearing, is one of deeply entrenched corporate interests eagerly appropriating the language of deregulation for market share. The bipartisan bill favors high-end PSAP manufacturers at the expense of low-end PSAPs. The debate, unfortunately, is profoundly deaf to consumers. Photo Credit: Edward Kimmel / Flickr Christian Britschgi is an assistant editor at Reason. Media Contact Reprint Requests EMAIL SHARE Facebook Twitter Tumblr StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Reddit Google Linkedin Kindle PRINT RELATED National Hotel Lobbyists Backed the Local Wars on Airbnb, Documents Reveal Eric Boehm|4.19.17 Senate Rules Like the One Used to Silence Elizabeth Warren's Criticism of Jeff Sessions are Dumb, Arcane, and Self-Aggrandizing Anthony L. Fisher|2.08.17 Democratic Apocalypticism, Like Its GOP Version, Is Bullshit Nick Gillespie|7.26.16 Elizabeth Warren Regulation Corporate Power VIEW COMMENTS (45) | LEAVE A COMMENT Editor's Note: We invite comments and request that they be civil and on-topic. We do not moderate or assume any responsibility for comments, which are owned by the readers who post them. Comments do not represent the views of Reason.com or Reason Foundation. We reserve the right to delete any comment for any reason at any time. Report abuses. loveconstitution1789|5.11.17 @ 12:29PM|# "War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength." ― George Orwell, 1984 reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chipper Mourning Somali Roadz|5.11.17 @ 1:50PM|# Photo caption: "And that wigwam over there was destroyed in a storm and had to be covered with a tarp. It was there, as a little girl, shivering under that tarp, that I told myself that one day, it would be ME that would oversee the biggest TARP in the entire world." reply to this report spam log in or register to reply loveconstitution1789|5.11.17 @ 12:30PM|# "It's a beautiful thing, the destruction of words." ― George Orwell, 1984 On a Georgie Orwell kick today. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ChipToBeSquare|5.11.17 @ 3:09PM|# Homage to Catalonia is second or third on my reading list right now. Considering a lot of antifa are romanticizing the anti-fascist movement in Spain these days, I'm anticipating a lot of very timely passages reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Citizen X - #6|5.11.17 @ 12:33PM|# Christ, what an asshole. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Microaggressor|5.11.17 @ 12:34PM|# Warren is a hypocrite; poor people hardest hit. Seems to be a behavioral pattern. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply $park¥ leftist poser|5.11.17 @ 12:39PM|# Can I still buy a hollowed out horn? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Bob K|5.11.17 @ 4:30PM|# NO!! Those are made from animals and that is cruel. Even if you get a plastic one that is neon colored they still represent the slaughter of animals. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Enjoy Every Sandwich|5.11.17 @ 12:51PM|# Because of this there exists a thriving market in Personal Sound Amplification Products (PSAPs), which perform the same basic function as prescription hearing aids—amplifying sound for the user—but are available for as little as $20 at Wal-Mart or less on the Internet. "A thriving market you say? Providing an inexpensive alternative that consumers want and need? Gasp! We must stamp it out! Immediately!" reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Fist of Etiquette|5.11.17 @ 1:10PM|# The debate, unfortunately, is profoundly deaf to consumers. Boom. You've just been Britschgi'd. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Jerryskids|5.11.17 @ 1:17PM|# Just start selling the PSAP's as desk-top figurines with a big warning label not to use them as amplification devices. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply BYODB|5.11.17 @ 1:35PM|# At a certain point, the warnings become an advertisement. I like your thinking on this one Jerry. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chipper Mourning Somali Roadz|5.11.17 @ 1:56PM|# Too bad Q-tip has trademarked the "Do not insert in ear canal" catch phrase. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Brandybuck|5.11.17 @ 2:00PM|# Make them collectibles. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Shirley Knott|5.11.17 @ 1:25PM|# As long as Warren is in town, Trump will not be the slimiest nor most evil person in Washington. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Brian|5.11.17 @ 1:34PM|# Elizabeth Warren, Kyle's mom. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply BYODB|5.11.17 @ 1:34PM|# So if I'm reading this right, than my gaming headset with a microphone that's sensitive enough to pick up background conversations and amplify them should be regulated by the FDA. I find it ludicrous that an electronic hearing aid would ever need a nod from the Food and Drug Administration. It's a piece of electronics that isn't inserted into the body at all. It's essentially just a glorified speaker/microphone that stick in your ear, for fucks sake. Why would anyone need a prescription for something that you could basically buy anywhere? No wonder the damn things can be a few thousand dollars. If anyone needed proof that government intervention and healthcare companies rent seeking is the problem, here you have a perfect example. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Brandybuck|5.11.17 @ 2:02PM|# It's a prescription so that insurance will cover it. It's part of that whole "keep your gub'ment mits off my Medicare!" thing. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply BYODB|5.11.17 @ 3:43PM|# Yeah, I get that, and that's the reason for the stupidly high cost along with rent seeking from the manufacturer. There is no finer thing to lobby for than for your product to be picked up by insurance carriers. It's like a license to print money. Of course, if you go the EpiPen route that can come back around to bite you. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply MarkLastname|5.11.17 @ 3:23PM|# Give it a few years and they'll be regulating clothing as pharmaceuticals. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply loveconstitution1789|5.11.17 @ 1:36PM|# ...the Over-the-Counter Hearing Aid Act of 2017 loads on regulation that would, if passed, likely drive low-cost alternatives to hearing aids out of the market. Ehh? What? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply MarkLastname|5.11.17 @ 3:24PM|# Come again? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Spartacus|5.11.17 @ 3:47PM|# Look, if the FDA weren't regulating hearing aids, they could malfunction, and the harm to the wearer would be...uh,...hmmm. Something. Anyway, they must be potentially deadly or our benevolent overlords wouldn't be doing this. For our own good. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Scarecrow Repair & Chippering|5.11.17 @ 1:36PM|# That photo is just begging for alt-text. For shame! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Citizen X - #6|5.11.17 @ 1:50PM|# "Have you ever heard the FDA bureaucrat cry to the blue corn moon, or asked the grinning crony why she grins?" reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chipper Mourning Somali Roadz|5.11.17 @ 1:52PM|# That's a pretty good one. See mine above. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Scarecrow Repair & Chippering|5.11.17 @ 2:09PM|# A weird-yuppie-preppie city couple moved into the house down the road from me (dirt road; 20 acre lots; steep steep mostly; four feet of snow in the winter) and were so damned arrogant and ignorant. My neighbor caught them twice putting chains on the rear wheels of the front wheel drive car, pointed it out, they just stared at him like he was some stupid tourist speaking Greek. They treated everyone like ignorant country bumpkins, and they were the city slickers who we were too dumb to learn from. They gave themselves fake Indian names -- he was Deer who runs with Swallows chasing Ravens (we called him Lame Duck) and she was Sage Healing Wold (we called her Raving Bitch). reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chipper Mourning Somali Roadz|5.11.17 @ 2:15PM|# That's hilarious, except for the part where you had to put up with them. Perhaps they can change? What state are you in? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Citizen X - #6|5.11.17 @ 2:15PM|# Jesus. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |5.11.17 @ 1:37PM|# you didn't hear that reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Gilbert Martin|5.11.17 @ 1:51PM|# "All devices sold as hearing aids in the U.S. are regulated through the Food and Drug Administration (FDA)" At this point let us all stop and ponder just how it came to be that a government agency called "food and drug" came to be in charge of so many things that are not, in fact, either a food or a drug. Like hearing aids - and the sales of individual genetic information. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply SIV|5.11.17 @ 2:02PM|# Don't forget orgone accumulators and books! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Citizen X - #6|5.11.17 @ 2:16PM|# But, fortunately for you, NOT sex toys geared towards domestic fowl. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply SIV|5.11.17 @ 2:02PM|# Don't forget orgone accumulators and books! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Glide|5.11.17 @ 3:30PM|# Well duh, they're not regulated through their Food branch or their Drug branch, it's through the Administration branch. It's the branch in charge of administrating shit. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Fuck you, Shikha (Nunya)|5.11.17 @ 10:57PM|# And there's a lot of shit that needs regulatin'. Business is a booming! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Crusty Juggler aka "Chad"|5.11.17 @ 2:29PM|# I'd regulate her devices, if you know what I mean. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Citizen X - #6|5.11.17 @ 2:40PM|# [vomits, cries] reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Fuck you, Shikha (Nunya)|5.11.17 @ 10:57PM|# I hope you mean sewing up all orifices. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ChipToBeSquare|5.11.17 @ 3:18PM|# She makes a ton of sense as a bridge between Hillary and Bernie supporters, but does anyone outside of the Democratic party like her at all? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply LibertarianScientist|5.11.17 @ 3:23PM|# While hearing aids are regulated by the FDA, a prescription is not required. You can sign a waiver and get around that requirement. Hence, the reason you can purchase them at Costco. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply DanO.|5.11.17 @ 5:26PM|# Ugh, Fauxcahontas speaks with forks or something. Worse than Hitler she is. Outraged and, oddly, aroused I am! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply J_Endo|5.11.17 @ 8:38PM|# I'm not an audiologist, but I've taken graduate courses in the field and I work in noise control. It is very reckless to skip the audiologist and self-medicate one's hearing loss. The audiologist fine tunes the setting of the digital hearing aid to maximize hearing performance, while minimizing future hearing loss. Just jacking up the amplitude of a signal without knowing what you are doing leads to more hearing loss as the hair cells on the basilar membrane get "overstimulated" and die. This is how a lot of hearing loss came about in the 1st place: people turning up the headphones, not wearing earplugs at rock concerts, not wearing adequate hearing protection while hunting or at the shooting range. If you don't know what a threshold of hearing curve is, or a loudness contour or what the hearing phenomena of "recruitment" is, you should use your Obamacare and visit an audiologist. Even if your insurance doesn't cover prescription hearing aids, the hearing professional can offer guidance so you don't burn out the rest of your hearing in the speech range. A cheaper solution isn't a good solution if it leads to further, accelerated hearing loss. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Fuck you, Shikha (Nunya)|5.11.17 @ 11:00PM|# Right! So fuck the people that can't afford a few thousand dollars. But don't worry! We have a solution for that too! Well jack up to prove to the tends of thousands through cronyism and them require the gubmint pay all of it. Or, you could loosen the regs and let markets find ways to get this cheaper. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Fuck you, Shikha (Nunya)|5.11.17 @ 11:01PM|# Price, not prove. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Leave a Comment * COMMENT: You must have an account and be logged in to comment. Click here to register, or here to login if you already have an account * COMMENT: Vive La Trump? Definitely… Reason Staff | 05.11.2017 HIT & RUN HOME Detroit Cops Raid an Inno… Elizabeth Nolan Br… | 05.11.2017 VIEW HIT & RUN ARCHIVES TOP STORIES Justin Amash Joins Democrat's Push for Independent Investigation into Trump Campaign's Russia Ties 5.11.17 4:26 pm Comey's Dismissal Shows Trump Is Really Bad at Cover-Ups 5.11.17 8:00 am Remy: The Venezuela Diet! 5.11.17 2:45 pm Aetna Ditches Obamacare Because the Health Law Is Broken 5.11.17 3:30 pm MOST VISITED White Working-Class Millennials Are Less Christian, More Republican Than Their Elders Elizabeth Brown | 5.09.17 3:40 pm The FCC Isn't Singling Out Stephen Colbert for his "Cock Holster" Crack at Trump... Nick Gillespie | 5.08.17 4:20 pm ‘Lie of the Year’ Winner Barack Obama Admonishes Congress to ‘Speak the Truth’ About Obamacare Matt Welch | 5.09.17 10:59 am Here's What Libertarian Legal Scholars Think About Comey's Firing Eric Boehm | 5.10.17 4:47 pm Jeff Sessions' Defense of James Comey Contradicts His Justification for Firing Him Jacob Sullum | 5.10.17 8:00 am GET REASON MAGAZINE Get Reason's print or digital edition before it’s posted online Subscribe to Reason Digital Subscribe to Reason’s Print Edition Give a Gift Subscription REASONTV: FEATURED VIDEOS Remy: The Venezuela Diet! Meredith Bragg Austin Bragg Raging Bitch, Good Shit, and Flying Dog Beer's Fight for Free Speech Nick Gillespie Meredith Bragg This Self-Taught Programmer Is Bringing Transparency to California Politics Justin Monticello VIEW ALL » Obamacare Aetna Ditches Obamacare Because the Health Law Is Broken Peter Suderman Washington Is Never Going to Get Healthcare 'Right' A. Barton Hinkle Freedom Caucus Republicans Criticize the Obamacare Revamp They Voted for Matt Welch Ferguson New Footage of Michael Brown Discussed at Emotional SXSW Panel Stephanie Slade Ferguson Protesters Who Challenged Law Prohibiting 'Interfering With Police' Lose in Court Anthony L. Fisher Ferguson Activist Darren Seals Found Shot and Dead in Burning Car in St. Louis Ed Krayewski Net Neutrality The Fear-Based Campaign to Control the Net Veronique de Rugy Plan to Roll Back Internet Regulations a Boon for Business and Innovation Andrea O'Sullivan FCC Chairman Ajit Pai on Why He's Rejecting Net Neutrality Rules Nick Gillespie & Mark McDaniel Iran Ed Krayewski Talking Iran Nuclear Deal on the Tom Brown Show Ed Krayewski Is Certification of Iran's Compliance With the Nuclear Deal a 'Coming of Age' for the Trump Admin? Ed Krayewski Brickbat: Caught in a Hammerlock Charles Oliver ISIS No, Dropping a MOAB on ISIS in Afghanistan Doesn’t Make Surge 2.0 a Good Idea Ed Krayewski That Time an Undercover FBI Agent Told One of the 'Draw Mohammed' Shooters to 'Tear Up Texas' Jesse Walker The Future of War Under President Donald Trump Looks Like a Swarm of Drones Scott Shackford Reason-Rupe Poll Poll: Americans Like Free Markets More than Capitalism and Socialism More Than a Govt Managed Economy Emily Ekins 35 Percent of Americans Want Pension Reform to be “Top Priority” for Govt Emily Ekins 78 Percent of Americans Say Voters Should Get to Vote on Govt Employee Benefit Increases Emily Ekins Staff Reviews New Book Offers Bleak Look at Paul Ryan's Hometown Ira Stoll A Look Back at the Idea That Small Is Beautiful: New at Reason Reason Staff The Decentralist John McClaughry Donate: Donate Online Donate via Fax or Mail Why Support Reason? Donation FAQ Stock Donations Planned Giving Shop to Support Reason Links: Home About Reason Foundation Cover Gallery Reason TV Events Advertise Staff Contributors Widgets Subscribe: Subscribe to the Print Magazine Reason Mobile Apps Apple Newsstand E-Reader Subscriptions Give Reason as a Gift Back Issues Subscription Services Email Newsletters Contact: News Tips Site Technology Questions Media Inquiries Reprint Permissions Submissions Editorial & Production Offices 5737 Mesmer Ave. Los Angeles, CA 90230 (310) 391-2245 Washington Office 1747 Connecticut Ave., NW Washington, DC 20009 (202) 986-0916 Home ReasonTV Hit & Run Magazine Subscribe Donate Advanced Search Advertise Contact ©2017 Reason Foundation.|reason.org |privacy policy|terms of use|
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Friday, May 12, 2017Switch to हिन्दी SportsTracker From aerodynamics to tyres, all F1 rule changes for 2017 season explained Front Page Politics Kapil Mishra's mother writes to Kejriwal, accuses him of spreading lies against sacked Delhi minister Opposition joining hands on presidential poll issue to fight for their own existence, says Kailash Vijayvargiya EC's all-party meet on EVMs begins: Poll panel to reassure parties that voting machines can't be tampered with EC holds all-party meet to decide on EVMs: Here's why Congress, Opposition parties may lose out BJP to launch 'sanvad yatra' in Maharashtra from 25 May Congress, Shiv Sena hold protests in Jammu against ceasefire violations by Pakistan Sports Europa League: Manchester United's foray into final shows they have rediscovered European pedigree IPL 2017: Wriddhiman Saha’s power-hitting, KXIP's spin attack clinch thriller against MI Madrid Masters: Andy Murray bows out as Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic march on In uncertain H1-B times, US firm targets Indians with EB5 - the 'Golden Visa' Europa League: Peter Bosz’s Ajax have gone a long way in restoring proud heritage of Johan Cruyff’s club Premier League: Zlatan Ibrahimovic's surgeon says Manchester United striker will play for 'many years' India India's first uterine transplant to take place on 18 May: Baroda woman to receive womb from mother Opposition joining hands on presidential poll issue to fight for their own existence, says Kailash Vijayvargiya Madhya Pradesh Class X 2017 board exam results declared: You can check your grades on www.mpbse.nic.in After triple talaq hearings, Supreme Court to hear plea against making Aadhaar card mandatory for availing schemes EC holds all-party meet to decide on EVMs: Here's why Congress, Opposition parties may lose out Narendra Modi meets Sri Lankan President Maithripala Sirisena, discusses bilateral ties World Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif to travel to China to attend One Belt One Road Conference UK opposition Labour party's manifesto leaked to media, proposes nationalisation of Railways, Royal Mail Sri Lanka rejects China's request to dock submarine in Colombo: Strategic realignment or a one-off? After Donald Trump's NBC interview, White House says former FBI chief James Comey was 'not up to the task' Donald Trump denies he's against legal immigration, says he wants to put a 'merit-based' system in place H1-B: Trump says he wants to stop illegal immigration, move to merit-based system Business 4.500 Maharashtra petrol pumps to remain shut Sundays, one-shift on weekdays Arvind Subramanian slams rating agencies for 'poor standards': Full text of his speech In uncertain H1-B times, US firm targets Indians with EB5 - the 'Golden Visa' Employee 'layoffs': Cognizant seeks 2 weeks from Telangana to reply to IT staff forum's charges Arvind Subramanian tells experts: Don't fall over backwards to justify official lines Sensex, Nifty rally continues on robust fund inflows, macro data hopes Life Mother's Day: Try your hand at these dishes, to give your mom the feast that she deserves Indian-origin scientist develops artificial bone tissues, may help simplify transplant procedure Space travel may reduce astronauts' exercise capacity due to change in cardiovascular function Bill Clinton, James Patterson co-writing a thriller called 'The President is Missing' On Rabindra Jayanti, a plea for recovering our civilisational inheritance Fossils suggest hominids may have lived alongside modern humans: New research Entertainment Udhayanidhi Stalin: I try to avoid sexism in my films Meri Pyaari Bindu LIVE movie review: Parineeti Chopra, Ayushmann Khurrana in a charming romcom Sushant Singh Rajput teams up with Udta Punjab director Abhishek Chaubey for dacoit film After Baahubali 2: The Conclusion, Dangal to be next Indian film to cross Rs 1000 cr worldwide? Watch: Shah Rukh Khan's full TED Talk is witty yet simple, just like the superstar Sarkar 3 movie review: Amitabh Bachchan-Ram Gopal Varma magic goes missing Photos Videos TECH2 हिंदी IPL 2017 Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News EXCLUSIVE: Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart | Reuters EXCLUSIVE: Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart | Reuters FwireReutersMay, 11 2017 22:18:25 IST #Reuters By Nandita Bose | WHEATON, Ill. WHEATON, Ill. German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices.Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward.His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed."We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts.Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2le6v0YPrice wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2qRbNT9 "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors."Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. For more on Wal-Mart's stock performance vs Amazon, click [L1N1IC270] GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said.Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels.That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment.But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time."Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger.STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores.For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. (editing by David Greising and Edward Tobin) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: May 11, 2017 10:18 pm | Updated Date: May 11, 2017 10:18 pm Also See Friendly fire may have killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan - Pentagon | Reuters Trump aims to expand U.S. offshore drilling, despite low industry demand | Reuters U.S. says failure to act on North Korea could be catastrophic | Reuters Wall Street slightly lower as weak GDP data weighs | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 May 12 DD Vs RPS 2 May 13 GL Vs SRH 3 May 13 KKR Vs MI 4 May 14 RPS Vs KXIP 5 May 14 DD Vs RCB Full Schedule Top Stories EC holds all-party meet to decide on EVMs: Here's why Congress, Opposition parties may lose out 'If Planes Can Have Lal Batti, Why Not My Car': Bengal Cleric's Bizarre Defence Meri Pyaari Bindu LIVE movie review: Parineeti Chopra, Ayushmann Khurrana in a charming romcom Ummer Fayaz killing: BJP govt must provide army in Kashmir with more teeth and seek to pacify youths This is how the Indian second home market got impacted due to demonetization IPL 2017: Mumbai Indians' valiance in loss to Kings XI Punjab papers over middle-order woes Sri Lanka rejects China's request to dock submarine in Colombo: Strategic realignment or a one-off? Arvind Subramanian's searing criticism: Why do we take rating agencies seriously at all? Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs PUN Kings XI Punjab beat Mumbai Indians by 7 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs DEL Delhi Daredevils beat Gujarat Lions by 2 wickets Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI Vs PAK Live Now Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs KOL Kings XI Punjab beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 14 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs MUM Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Mumbai Indians by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs GUJ Gujarat Lions beat Kings XI Punjab by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs KOL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 6 wickets Ireland in England, 2 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs IRE England beat Ireland by 85 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Delhi Daredevils by 146 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 12 runs Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 IRE vs BAN - May 12th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs PNE - May 12th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs HYD - May 13th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs MUM - May 13th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 IRE vs NZ - May 14th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs PUN - May 14th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs BLR - May 14th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 TBC vs TBC - May 16th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 BAN vs NZ - May 17th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 TBC vs TBC - May 17th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST 1EXCLUSIVE: Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart | Reuters 2Asian shares edge up, on track for winning week | Reuters 3Mutual funds lose, short-sellers win on Snap trades | Reuters 4Wal-Mart CEO to be questioned in U.S. lawsuit over Mexican bribery | Reuters 5Union workers ratify ArcelorMittal Quebec mine contract | Reuters More Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Delhi MCD Elections 2017 Results - Live Counting Delhi MCD Elections 2017 ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Real Estate Signs of a lending squeeze for new apartments, retail and other Tampa Bay businesses US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News St. Petersburg police find bank robber on bus, money in underwear Hillsborough firefighters help bury dog killed in house fire Tom Jones: Don't stand for NFL teams not signing Colin Kaepernick St. Pete workers nervous about insurance coverage at John Hopkins All Children's Hospital because of dispute Yet another ball rolls under Kevin Kiermaier's glove in Rays' 6-0 loss to Royals (w/ video) News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana The Buzz Why Adam Putnam starts his campaign as a big favorite Top News Former U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown guilty of taking money from sham charity (w/video) Sarah Huckabee Sanders is suddenly the star of the feel-bad story of the day Jill Kelley and FBI agent decry hypocrisy in treatment of Flynn versus Petraeus Florida Legislature 2017: What passed and what failed Acting FBI director vows to inform committee if White House tries to upend Russia probe Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More The Heater Yet another ball rolls under Kevin Kiermaier's glove in Rays' 6-0 loss to Royals Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News Tom Jones: Don't stand for NFL teams not signing Colin Kaepernick Yet another ball rolls under Kevin Kiermaier's glove in Rays' 6-0 loss to Royals (w/ video) Tampa Classic featuring Florida A&M is officially back at Raymond James Stadium 'Big Dog’ Steve Duemig, battling cancer, set to return to radio show on Monday Soldier's proposal at Tropicana Field gets an assist from Rays mascot Raymond (w/video) Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Books Interview: Paula Hawkins on 'Girl on the Train' and the new 'Into the Water' Top News Plan your weekend May 12-14: Mother's Day fun, the Weeknd, Fringe Festival, Train Day Ticket Window: On sale this week Sammy Hagar, Linkin Park, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone in Concert The King Arthur myth needs a movie makeover. 'Legend of the Sword' is not it Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Trump's firing of Comey reaffirms need for special prosecutor Top Opinion Krauthammer: A political ax murder Editorial: Legislature needs special session on medical marijuana Column: Don't forget those smiling images of Trump and the Russians Bret Stephens: The Comey canning's easy tells Selected readings from the left and from the right Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News Interview: Paula Hawkins on 'Girl on the Train' and the new 'Into the Water' Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Florida Legislature 2017: What passed and what failed Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau Tampa Bay Times Thursday, May 11, 2017 12:11pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Lobbyists track the action in the Florida Senate during the final week of the Florida Legislative session at the Capitol in Tallahassee. [SCOTT KEELER | Tampa Bay Times] State legislators filed about 1,900 bills in the 2017 session. Only 12.6 percent, or 234 bills, were passed by both the House and Senate chambers. As of Thursday, Gov. Rick Scott has signed 20 bills. Related News/Archive Now that it has passed the House, this is what's in the Republican health care bill 1 Week Ago Election Day in Florida: Here's what you need to know 6 Months Ago Refugees in Florida are in the spotlight again. Here's what you need to know. 3 Months Ago ALCOHOL AMUSEMENT PARKS/RESTAURANTS (FAILED): Would allow theme parks that are at least 25 acres and draw 1 million visitors a year (Universal Studios, Disney World, SeaWorld and Busch Gardens) to let beer manufacturers participate in up to 25 events or promotions a year and to remove a limit on wine bottle sizes, allowing the sale of brands such as Nebuchadnezzar, while making it easier for consumers to take open wine bottles to restaurants, eliminating a provision requiring that bottles be purchased with a full course meal. (SB 388) GLASSWARE (FAILED): Would let beer distributors provide free glassware to bars and restaurants. Bars and restaurants would be allowed to accept up to three cases of 24 glasses advertising up to three brands from each manufacturer. (HB 423/SB 1040) LIQUOR WALL (PASSED): Repeals a decades-old state law requiring stand-alone liquor stores and the prohibition of the sale of liquor from big grocery chains such as Walmart and Target. (HB81/SB 106) BUDGET BUDGET (PASSED): Appropriates $82.4 billion budget for fiscal year that begins July 1 (SB 2500) CIVIL JUSTICE BARAHONA CLAIM BILL (PASSED): Awards $3.75 million in legal damages to Victor Barahona, the survivor of a horrific child abuse case that took the life of his twin sister, Nubia. (SB 18) LGBT ANTI-DISCRIMINATION (FAILED): Makes discriminating based on sexual orientation or gender identity illegal in employment, housing, restaurants and other public facilities. (SB 666/HB 623) LGBT HOUSING ANTI-DISCRIMINATION (FAILED): Makes discriminating based on sexual orientation or gender identity illegal in housing only. (SB 742/HB 659) CONSUMERS ASSIGNMENT OF BENEFITS (FAILED): Changes a policy that allows homeowners in need of property repairs to sign over benefits to contractors, who then pursue payments from insurance companies, to curb litigation claims. (HB 1421/SB 1218) BOAT REGISTRATION (PASSED): Expands registration-fee discounts for boat owners who have locator beacons. (HB 711) CAR INSURANCE (FAILED): Eliminates requirement that motorists carry personal injury protection as part of their car insurance, which should lower costs for people who carry bodily injury protection, but increase them for people with policies covering the bare minimum. (HB 1063/SB 1768) FRACKING INVESTMENTS (FAILED): Allows electric utilities that generate at least 65 percent of their power using natural gas to bill customers up to $500 million annually for fracking investments in other states. (HB 1043/SB 1238) CRIMINAL JUSTICE BODY CAMERAS (SIGNED INTO LAW): Allows law enforcement officers to review footage from their body cameras before filling out reports. (HB 305) CIVIL CITATIONS (FAILED): Requires law enforcement to use diversion programs for young, first-time offenders as an alternative to arresting them. (HB 301) DEATH PENALTY (SIGNED INTO LAW): Requires juries to vote unanimously to sentence someone to death and allows death-row cases to move forward once again in Florida. (SB 280) DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE (FAILED): Requires first-time DUI offenders to have an ignition interlock device installed in their cars for six months after conviction. (SB 918/HB 949) HEROES (FAILED): Would make it a third-degree felony to deface a statue or memorial for a hero, or military veterans. (SB 418/HB 529) MURDER WITNESSES (SIGNED INTO LAW): Shields from disclosure the identity of murder witnesses in public records for two years after the crime. (HB 111) GROVELAND FOUR (PASSED): Senate and House formally apologize for the prosecution and persecution of four black men accused of raping a white woman in 1949, asks Gov. Rick Scott and the Cabinet to posthumously pardon Charles Greenlee, Walter Irvin, Samuel Shepherd and Ernest Thomas. (HCR 631) ECONOMY WAGE DISCRIMINATION (FAILED): Makes it easier for women to sue over being paid an inequitable wage. (SB 410/HB 319) EDUCATION K-12 EDUCATION (PASSED): Part of the 2017-18 budget package, calls for $419 million in K-12 public school spending and myriad policy -- including requiring daily recess for traditional public schools and eliminating one standardized exam, among other testing reforms. Its main features are a new $140 million "Schools of Hope" program that is largely an incentive for new specialized charter schools to compete with failing traditional public schools, $234 million in expanding the "Best & Brightest" bonuses for teachers and principals, and changes to a funding formula that will now require school districts to share local capital dollars with charter schools. (HB 7069) HIGHER EDUCATION (PASSED): Part of the 2017-18 budget package, calls for numerous reforms to the state college and university system. Modifies college and university performance metrics to encourage on-time graduation, increases student financial aid and expands the Bright Future scholarships to cover 100 percent of tuition, promotes faculty recruitment, limits college and university foundations from using taxpayer money, renames the state college system as the "Florida Community College System" and modifies oversight and operations of the colleges, including by setting limits on what four-year degrees each can offer. (SB 374) RELIGIOUS EXPRESSION (PASSED): Fortifies the right of students to express their religious beliefs in public schools, while requiring school districts to adopt policies allowing "limited public forums" for students to pray at school events. (SB 436) TEXTBOOK CHALLENGES (PASSED): Makes it easier for parents and school district residents to challenge educational material used in classroom instruction or school libraries, including books, pamphlets and presentations a parent finds objectionable, offensive or inappropriate for the age of the student. (HB 989) COMPUTER CODING (FAILED): Addressed how computer coding is viewed in public schools. The Senate bill allows it to be counted as a foreign language; the House bill calls on the Department of Education to better encourage computer science education. (SB 104 / HB 265) OFF-CAMPUS LUNCH (FAILED): Proposes to restrict public high school students in the state's eight largest school districts from leaving school during lunch unless they have written permission from a parent. (SB 148 / HB 85) FINANCIAL LITERACY (FAILED): Requires future high school students to earn a half-credit in financial literacy before graduating. (SB 392/HB 955) TUITION FOR UNDOCUMENTED IMMIGRANTS (FAILED): Repeals a 2014 law granting in-state tuition rates to undocumented students. (SB 82) ELECTIONS MAIL BALLOT DROPOFFS (FAILED): Allows voters to drop off mail ballots at early voting sites in their home counties (SB 726). REDISTRICTING (FAILED): Requires that any challenges to redistricting maps be filed within 60 days of their approval, suspends litigation within 71 days of an election and subjects judges to cross-examination. (SB 352) JUDICIAL TERM LIMITS (FAILED): Asks voters to amend state Constitution to set 12-year term limits for Supreme Court and appellate judges, who now face merit retention elections every six years. (HJR 1) ENVIRONMENT EVERGLADES CLEANUP (SIGNED INTO LAW): Converts land owned by the state south of the Everglades, which is currently leased by Florida Crystals and Duda & Sons, into a 14-feet deep storage reservoir to store and clean water from Lake Okeechobee that flows into Florida Bay. This was a compromise from Sen. President Joe Negron, who initially wanted to buy 60,000 acres from private sugar farmers for a much larger price of $2.4 billion. The proposed reservoir, and possible later expansion, would cost $1.5 billion. (SB 10) PLASTIC BAGS (FAILED): Allows cities to regulate or ban use of disposable plastic bags (SB 162/HB 93) SOLAR AMENDMENT (PASSED): Enacts publicly approved constitutional amendment that allows people and businesses to install solar panels without their property tax bills going up, though amendments add hurdles for companies seeking to do the work that backers of those amendments said were needed for consumer protection. (SB 90) GAMBLING GAMING COMPACT (FAILED): Extends an agreement by seven years giving the Seminole Tribe of Florida exclusive rights to offer slots outside of Miami-Dade and Broward counties in exchange for $3 billion. (HB 7037) GAMING EXPANSION (FAILED): Gives Miami-Dade and Broward counties each an additional slot casino, the Seminole Tribe would have seven full-scale casinos, and horse and dog tracks in at least eight counties would get new slot parlors. (SB 8) LOTTERY WARNING (PASSED): Players of the state lottery would be warned about the addictive nature of state-sponsored games. Vendors and retailers would be required to print or place warnings on all lottery tickets stating "Warning: Gambling can be addictive." (HB 937/SB 1370) GOVERNING VACATION RENTALS (FAILED): Prevents cities and counties from passing new regulations on vacation rentals of private homes such as those offered through Airbnb and HomeAway, and voids restrictions passed after June 1, 2011. (HB 425/SB188) BUSINESS REGULATION (FAILED): Repeals local government regulations in 2020 and requires they seek legislative approval for new ordinances that affect businesses. (HB 17) LOBBYING BAN (FAILED): Extends lobbying ban on legislators who leave office from two years to six. (HJR 7001) LOBBYING DISCLOSURE (FAILED): Adds lobbying and disclosure rules for local governments and officials. Strengthens lobbying and disclosure rules for local governments and officials. (HB 7021) WIRELESS TECHNOLOGY (PASSED): Limits local governments from regulating types of equipment known as "small wireless facilities" in public rights of ways that are used for new 5G wireless technology. (HB 687) GUNS STAND YOUR GROUND (PASSED): Makes it easier for people accused of violent crimes -- including murder -- to claim they acted in self-defense by shifting the burden of proof to prosecutors in pre-trial hearings, where state attorneys would have to prove by "clear and convincing evidence" why the defend shouldn't get immunity from prosecution. (SB 128) REVISE 'STAND YOUR GROUND' DEFINITION (PASSED): Clarifies Florida's "Stand Your Ground" law by removing the requirement that a person first be attacked in their home or vehicle before using or threatening to use force. (SB 1052) GUNS IN COURTHOUSES (FAILED): Allows concealed weapons permit-holders to carry guns into courthouses and temporarily surrender and store the guns at a security checkpoint. (SB 616) GUNS IN RELIGIOUS SCHOOLS (FAILED): Creates an exception to the statewide ban on guns in schools by letting private schools with "a religious institution ... located on the property" have the option of allowing concealed weapons on the premises, as any other private property has the right to do. (SB 1330 / HB 849) POLICE WAITING PERIOD EXEMPTION (FAILED): Proposes and implements a constitutional amendment to exempt law enforcement officers from the mandatory three-day waiting period for purchasing handguns. (SJR 910 and SB 912 / HJR 291 and HB 673) OPEN CARRY AND CARRYING CONCEALED (FAILED): Allows open carrying of handguns by the state's 1.7 million concealed weapons permit-holders, including in elementary and secondary schools, public college and university campuses, airport passenger terminals, legislative meetings, meetings of municipal, county, school or special district boards, and career centers. (SB 140) GUN STORAGE (FAILED): Would tighten language in an existing law that requires guns to be locked in a gun safe or have a trigger lock when around children age 16 or younger. (SB 142 / HB 835) GUNS IN THEATERS (FAILED): Prohibits concealed-weapons permit holders from carrying in performing arts centers or theaters. (SB 170) ASSAULT WEAPONS BAN (FAILED): Bans many specific assault-style firearms and "parts that convert a firearm into an assault weapon," such as large-capacity magazines. (SB 254 / HB 167) GUN BAN LIABILITY (FAILED): Makes a private "business, organization, or entity" that bans concealed weapons liable for any injury or damage caused by a person or animal, if the incident "could reasonably have been prevented" had the permit-holder not been required to be disarmed. (SB 610 / HB 819) GUNS IN AIRPORTS (FAILED): Lifts a current ban and allow concealed weapons permit-holders to carry guns in passenger terminals and non-"sterile" areas of airports, which are locations outside of security checkpoints. (SB 618 / HB 6001) GUNS IN LEGISLATIVE MEETINGS (FAILED): Lifts a current ban, allowing concealed weapons permit-holders to carry guns in meetings of the Legislature, which include formal sessions and committee hearings. (SB 620) GUNS ON CAMPUS (FAILED): Lifts a current ban, allowing concealed weapons permit-holders to carry guns on public college and university campuses. Senate version still bans taking firearms into any K-12, college or university athletic event "not related to firearms." (SB 622 / HB 6005) GUNS IN GOVERNMENT MEETINGS (FAILED): Lifts a current ban, allowing concealed weapons permit-holders to carry guns in meetings of any municipality, county, school district or special district. (SB 626) GUNS IN CAREER CENTERS (FAILED): Lifts a current ban, allowing concealed weapons permit-holders to carry guns in career centers. (SB 640) REDUCED PENALTIES FOR OPEN CARRY (FAILED): Reduces the penalties for displaying a concealed gun. Explicitly protects from arrest concealed-weapons permit-holders who briefly display a concealed gun. Originally also let members of the Florida Cabinet — the state chief financial officer, attorney general and agriculture commissioner — who have a concealed weapons permit carry concealed "anywhere they are not prohibited by federal law." (SB 646 / HB 779) ELIMINATE 'GUN-FREE' ZONES (FAILED): Allows concealed guns at Florida's 15 seaports and remove all 15 locations in state law where concealed weapons permit-holders cannot currently carry. Those areas include: police, sheriff or highway patrol stations; jails and prisons; courthouses and courtrooms; polling places; government and legislative meetings; school, college or professional athletic events; public K-12 schools and public college and university campuses; career centers; establishments that serve alcohol; airport passenger terminals and locations where federal law prohibits carrying guns. (SB 908 / HB 803) MENTAL HEALTH SCREENING (FAILED): Requires someone applying for a concealed-weapons permit to undergo a mental health evaluation done by a clinical psychologist or psychiatrist and be deemed "competent and of sound mind." (SB 956 / HB 1355) REPEAL 'DOCS vs. GLOCKS' (FAILED): Repeals a 2011 state law struck down in federal court that prevents doctors from asking patients about firearm ownership or firearms in the home and from entering such information into medical records. (SB 1518 / HB 6033) INCREASED PENALTY FOR ADDITIONAL MAGAZINES (FAILED): Increases the criminal penalty by one degree for misdemeanor or felony crimes during the commission of which a person used, or tried to use, a gun that can hold more than 10 rounds of ammunition without reloading or if they possessed more than one magazine. (SB 1584 / HB 941) HEALTH CARE ABORTION LAWSUITS (FAILED): Allows women to sue abortion providers if they have physical complications or feel emotional distress within 10 years of the procedure. (HB 19/SB1140) CERTIFICATE OF NEED (FAILED): Eliminates a state requirement that hospitals get approval from the Agency for Health Care Administration before they can build any facilities or add types of programs. (HB 7/SB 676) MEDICAID WORK REQUIREMENT (FAILED): Requires able-bodied adults to be working, looking for work or getting job training to qualify for Medicaid. (HB 7117) MEDICAL MARIJUANA (FAILED): Implements constitutional amendment making medical marijuana available to more people to treat a broader range of illnesses and ailments. (HB 1397) PRIMARY CARE (FAILED): Allows employers or patients to contract directly with a doctor for primary care. (HB 161/SB 240) RECOVERY CARE CENTERS (FAILED): Allows surgical centers to keep patients for a full 24 hours and creates new recovery centers that can care for them 72 hours after surgery. (HB 145) TRAUMA CENTERS (FAILED): Sets new standards for the minimum number of trauma centers each region of the state needs based on population, giving Hillsborough County two and Pinellas and Pasco two between them. (HB 1077/SB 746) IMMIGRATION SANCTUARY CITIES (FAILED): Bans communities from being "sanctuaries" for undocumented immigrants by resisting compliance with federal immigration detention requests. Imposes penalties on communities and elected officials that attempt to thwart ban. (HB 697 / SB 786) HARSHER PENALTIES (FAILED): Subjects undocumented immigrants charged with severe crimes to harsher penalties than citizens or legal residents otherwise face. (SB 120 / HB 83) REFUGEES (FAILED): Pulls the state of Florida from the federal refugee resettlement program, requiring the feds to instead contract with nonprofits in the state to provide services to people fleeing violence or persecution in their home country. (HB 427) LABOR WORKERS' COMPENSATION (FAILED): Caps fees for workers' attorneys at $150 an hour. (HB 7085), or $250 an hour, which business groups oppose (HB 7085/SB 1582) PUBLIC-SECTOR UNIONS (FAILED): Automatically de-certifies public-sector labor unions -- except those representing police, firefighters and corrections officers -- if they fail to collect dues from at least 50 percent of the workers they represent. (HB 11 / SB 1292) RETIREMENT (PASSED): Changes the default retirement options for newly hired public employees, including school teachers, county workers and state employees. New workers who don't purposely join the traditional pension plan or a 401(k)-type investment plan will default into the investment plan. (SPB 7030) CONTRACTORS (PASSED): Prohibits cities and counties from requiring contractors to provide certain benefits and wages to workers on state-funded public works projects. (SB 534/HB 599). PUBLIC RECORDS AND MEETINGS CAMPUS EMERGENCY PLANS (PASSED): Exempts from disclosure public college and university campus emergency response plans -- including materials such as photographs, presentations, sheltering arrangements, training manuals and equipment and supplies related to emergency response strategies. (HB 1079) SEALED RECORDS (PASSED): Sets up process to automatically seal criminal history records of adults and minors charged with felonies and misdemeanors if the prosecutor declines to file charges, charges were dismissed before trial, or the person was acquitted or found not guilty. (SB 118) ATTORNEY FEES (PASSED): Allows judges to refuse attorneys fees in public records lawsuits if the judge determines they are "frivolous" cases or those intending to draw high legal fees from government entities. (SB 80) LOCAL MEETINGS (FAILED): Would allow one-on-one meetings of two local elected officials to discuss public business -- except for committing to formal action or discussing public spending -- and eliminates the requirement that such meetings be noticed and made open to the public. (HB 843 / SB 1004) HIGHER EDUCATION SEARCHES (FAILED): Makes secret information about initial applicants for university and state-college presidential positions and other top academic posts, ensuring that only the identities of the final group of applicants for each post would be disclosed. (HB 351 / SB 478) SOCIAL SERVICES WELFARE CHANGES (FAILED): Requires poor people who receive cash assistance to seek employment or job training or risk losing their benefits for longer time periods. Also removes people with assets they could sell from the food stamps program. (HB 23) DRUG TESTING (FAILED): Requires recipients of cash assistance who have a history of drug charges to pass drug tests in order to receive benefits. (HB 1117/SB 1392) TAXES TAX CAP EXTENSION (PASSED): Places the extension of a tax cap on non-homestead properties on the November 2018 ballot. The measure places a 10 percent cap on annual increases in assessed values of homes that are not primary residences. If not approved by voters, the cap would expire on Jan. 1, 2019. (HJR 21) HOMESTEAD EXEMPTION (PASSED): Asks voters, in a 2018 ballot initiative, if they support increasing the homestead exemption on primary residences from $50,000 to $75,000. (HB 7105/SB 1774) TAX CUT PACKAGE (PASSED): A series of $75 million in tax breaks, including a 0.2 reduction in the state's 6 percent tax on commercial real estate leases. Also, a sales-tax holiday for shoppers, including back-to-school tax holiday, and the elimination of sales taxes on feminine hygiene products and hurricane supplies. (HB 7109) TAX INCENTIVES (FAILED): Would have abolished 24 different economic development and tax credit programs in Florida including Enterprise Florida and Visit Florida. (HB 7005) ELIMINATES INSURANCE INDUSTRY TAX BREAK (FAILED): Would have eliminated a 1.75 percent tax on property insurance policies that pays for incentives given to insurance companies to employ Floridians. (SB 378) TRANSPORTATION RIDESHARING (SIGNED INTO LAW): Prohibits local governments from regulating ridesharing companies such as Uber and Lyft while setting statewide requirements for insurance and background checks for those companies. (HB 221) HILLSBOROUGH PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION (PASSED): Abolishes the Hillsborough County Public Transportation Commission, which regulates taxis, limos and tow trucks and has been feuding with ridesharing companies. (HB 647) TAMPA BAY AREA REGIONAL TRANSIT AUTHORITY (PASSED): Narrows the scope of TBARTA from seven counties to five; chances the second "T" in TBARTA from Transportation to Transit, highlighting the agency's new mission; and restructures the governance of the board so that it includes representation from businesses, not just elected officials. (SB 1672) OTHER CONDO ASSOCIATIONS (PASSED): Reforms state oversight of condo associations and imposes criminal penalties on associations for violations such as electoral fraud, theft of funds and conflicts of interests (HB 1237) SLAVERY MEMORIAL (FAILED): Creates the first Florida Slavery Memorial at the state Capitol Complex in Tallahassee. (HB 27/SB 1722) DOZIER (PASSED): Approves a resolution that apologizes for the mistreatment of juveniles at the shuttered Arthur G. Dozier School for Boys in Marianna. (HR 1335/SR 1440) FENTANYL (PASSED): Makes it a felony and imposes minimum mandatory sentences for possessing more than 4 grams of fentanyl or carfentanil, opioids responsible for more than 700 deaths in Florida last year. (SB 150/HB 477) Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau reporters Michael Auslen, Steve Bousquet, Kristen M. Clark, Mary Ellen Klas and Jeremy Wallace contributed to this report. Florida Legislature 2017: What passed and what failed 05/11/17 [Last modified: Thursday, May 11, 2017 5:07pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Latest News Tap for more St. Petersburg police find bank robber on bus, money in underwear 12:05 AM CrimeTimes staff ST. PETERSBURG — A 42-year-old man was arrested Thursday after police said he robbed a bank on Central Avenue. 8-year-old was assaulted by classmate before killing himself 5/11/17 NationAssociated Press School officials never told the mother of an 8-year-old Ohio boy who killed himself that another student had thrown him against a wall two days earlier and knocked him unconscious in an attack recorded by a surveillance video, attorneys for the boy's mother said Thursday. Sean Spicer absent from briefings during key week for Trump 5/11/17 PoliticsBy DARLENE SUPERVILLE WASHINGTON — If you've been missing your daily dose of White House press secretary Sean Spicer, it's because President Donald Trump's chief spokesman has been serving the country in another way: He's been on Navy Reserve duty. Possible gubernatorial candidate Philip Levine engaged, awaiting child 5/11/17 BlogsAmy Hollyfield From Joey Flechas at the Miami Herald: Hillsborough firefighters help bury dog killed in house fire 5/11/17 FireTimes Staff When a members of a Carrollwood family lost a home and pet dog to a fire Thursday afternoon, Hillsborough County firefighters helped them say their good-byes. More Click here to sign up for our 'Day Starter' newsletter Get the top headlines from the Tampa Bay Times' and what you need to know to start your day in your inbox every morning.   Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Hot50 Events Kidscreen Summit Kidscreen East Asian Animation Summit Awards Kidscreen Awards News Consumer Products From the Mag Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech Events Magazine Latest Issue Magazine Archive Subscribe Contributors All Contributors Lana Castleman Jeremy Dickson Elizabeth Foster Wendy Goldman Getzler Alexandra Whyte Advertise  Newsletter Featured PBS KIDS launches streaming stick As parents' penchants for anytime-access to content is on the rise, the PBS KIDS Plug & Play streaming device will launch at Walmart for US$49.99 later this month. By Alexandra Whyte May 11, 2017 PBS KIDS is releasing a COPPA-certified streaming stick loaded with sing-alongs, exclusive games, videos and more. The PBS KIDS Plug & Play comes pre-loaded with content and also connects to the internet, offering free access to the newly launched PBS Kids’ 24/7 channel and live stream. When connected, the stick provides subscription-free access to more than 100 hours of on-demand programming. Content, including videos, seasonal programming and more, will be refreshed on a regular basis. Kids tech developer Ematic, which also paired up with the kidcaster for its the PBS Kids Playtime Pad last year, helped create the device, which retails for US$49.99 and launches at Walmart.com and in stores on May 24. Retail distribution will expand later this year. All proceeds from PBS KIDS Plug & Play will be directed to supporting PBS KIDS and its ongoing mission. The Plug & Play looks like a toy race car and also comes with a remote suited for chubby little fingers. In launching the device, PBS cites a recent study that found 89% of kids ages two to six watch TV with their parents, and 74% of parents are in favor of anytime access to educational content.     TAGS:Ematic, PBS Kids, PBS KIDS Plug & Play About The Author Alexandra Whyte is Kidscreen's Online Writer. Contact her at awhyte@brunico.com // Author Page Related Posts PBS Kids debuts two web-based series Electric Company enters the transmedia world PBS KIDS talks Chromecast deal Sesame Street, PBS Kids roll out Cookie Monster app Latest Posts People Moves Larkshead Media sets up Dublin office By Alexandra Whyte May 11, 2017 Screen The Lego Movie’s Unikitty gets CN spinoff By Jeremy Dickson May 11, 2017 Screen Nelvana signs raft of cross-platform deals By Alexandra Whyte May 11, 2017 More News Follow @kidscreen Tweets about kidscreen Screening Room Larkshead Media sets up Dublin office The Lego Movie’s Unikitty gets CN spinoff Nelvana signs raft of cross-platform deals Num Noms serves up Menchie’s partnership Featured Popular Latest Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 Link 4 Link 5 Link 6 Link 7 Link 8 Link 9 Link 10 This is just some random content to show the different layouts possible Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 Link 4 Link 5 Link 6 Link 7 Link 8 Link 9 Link 10 Company About Kidscreen Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Home Contributors Subscribe Magazine Archive Events Features Hot50 From the Mag Global Pitch Guide Sections Consumer Products Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech ™ Kidscreen is a trademark of Brunico Communications Ltd. Site copyright © 1996-2017 Kidscreen title, tagline and logo are trademarks of, and the events are produced by Brunico Marketing Inc. View our privacy policy Search Recent Topics Kidscreened Nickelodeon apps Disney mobile digital media Cartoon Network SVOD DHX Media Mattel YouTube toys Netflix CBeebies Hasbro Disney Channel Corus Entertainment Disney XD Toys 'R' Us Disney Junior Top tags Latest Posts People Moves Larkshead Media sets up Dublin office By Alexandra Whyte May 11, 2017 Screen The Lego Movie’s Unikitty gets CN spinoff By Jeremy Dickson May 11, 2017 Screen Nelvana signs raft of cross-platform deals By Alexandra Whyte May 11, 2017 Menu Home News Consumer Products From the Mag Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech Events Magazine Latest Issue Magazine Archive Subscribe Contributors All Contributors Lana Castleman Jeremy Dickson Elizabeth Foster Wendy Goldman Getzler Alexandra Whyte Advertise  Newsletter Brand Menu Account Hot50 Events Kidscreen Summit Kidscreen East Asian Animation Summit Awards Kidscreen Awards Our Company We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Kidscreen journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist kidscreen.com in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
This website uses cookies. Continued browsing of this site implies consent for the use of these cookies. Find out more here >> Post & Parcel powered by Triangle. Home In Depth Events Directory About Companies E-commerce Environment Human Resources Innovation Regulation Retail Technology RSS Post & Parcel > News > Companies > Wal-Mart’s Jet.com opens New York bricks-and-mortar grocery store Log-in Register News Wal-Mart’s Jet.com opens New York bricks-and-mortar grocery store Thursday, May 11th, 2017 Wal-Mart’s Jet.com has opened a pop-up store in New York to help promote its grocery delivery service. There is an interesting loop to this online-offline retail connection. Supermarket giant Wal-Mart bought Jet.com last year for $3.3bn to boost its online presence, and now Jet.com has opened a temporary bricks-and-mortar store: one could almost call it “Back to Physical”. Jet.com will sell its grocery items at the New York location for six weeks. There also will be a number of in-store events with chef Mario Batali and makeup maestro Bobbi Brown. The project is being run in association with retail concept store company Story and will be located at Story’s premises in Manhattan’s 10th Ave. retail corridor. The project’s name is “Fresh STORY” – which has a familiar ring to it.   Source: Story Tags: Innovation, Parcel Print Send to friend Bookmark Save Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Related Articles Deutsche Post DHL Group Q1 revenue up €1bn to €14.9bn Get set for the electric surge Sharing and shaking up logistics Autonomous vehicle testing to start in New York State Spanish on-demand freight delivery platform Ontruck raises $10m Most popular Latest comments Hermes offers new international shipping solution for UK SMEs DHL launches IoT cockpits at three smart warehouses UPS Express Critical Service launches in Europe EC publishes final report on e-commerce sector inquiry USPS reports a $562m net loss for Q2 FY2017 Retailers losing out by calling time too early on Christmas deliveries UPS UK to hire 1,300 for holiday season Zyllem reportedly set to discontinue Singapore delivery operations Parcels delivered by taxi USPS set to trial experimental e-commerce product New Directory Members Direct Link Worldwide Ltd Direct Link specialises in international cross border distribution and returns of e-commerce packages worldwide. Parent company PostNord (the merged Swedish and Danish Post Offices) supports Direct Link with IT expertise, postal connections and international logistics solutions, across the Nordic countries and intercontinentally. Sign-up Post & Parcel Newsletters (Help)  Daily newsletter  Weekly newsletter Subscribe free Latest Issue Subscribe now About Post & Parcel Post & Parcel is your key to the global mail and express industry. Every week Post & Parcel features the latest news, analysis of trends, insightful viewpoints, and exclusive interviews with leading industry experts. Find out more Advertise with us We provide brands with an exciting range of advertising opportunities to reach the influential Post & Parcel audience. With campaigns suitable for every budget you can achieve your marketing objectives with Post & Parcel. Find out more powered by Triangle. Copyright © 2017 Contact Us | Feedback | Submit press release | Terms & conditions | Privacy | Q&A
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Big Retail Earnings On Display, Starting With Macy's As Season Winds Down JJ Kinahan     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 11, 2017 10:44am   Comments Share: Department stores threw open their earnings showrooms today, and a miss by Macy’s Inc (NYSE: M) highlights some of the pressures these companies face. M shares fell more than 7% in pre-market trading after the company reported earnings per share of 24 cents vs. Wall Street analysts’ estimates of 35 cents. Revenue also fell short. The mall retailer continues to struggle in a changing environment as same-store sales dropped 5.2% in Q1. In other department store earnings news, Kohl’s Corporation (NYSE: KSS) beat earnings estimates, but same-store sales fell more than analysts had anticipated and revenue came in below projections. Department stores continue to face major challenges from e-retailers, and it could be interesting to listen in to the companies’ earnings calls to get a better sense of how they plan to address this reality. They’re already closing stores, but what else do they have in mind? Nordstrom, Inc. (NYSE: JWN) reports after the close today, followed by J C Penney Company Inc (NYSE: JCP) tomorrow morning. In other earnings news, Snap Inc (NYSE: SNAP) missed analysts’ expectations and saw its shares dive in pre-market trading. A few key earnings reports remain, with Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT), Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT) and Deere & Company (NYSE: DE) next week. Of all the companies that reported to date, 72% beat Wall Street’s expectations, according to research firm CFRA. And companies aren’t just beating bottom-line estimates, but 64% have beaten on the top line as well. CFRA now projects earnings to grow 14.9% in Q1 and 7.1% in Q2.  Despite the earnings extravaganza, technical barriers appear to remain a factor for the S&P 500 Index (SPX), which posted a record close yesterday but just missed closing above 2400. On the sector watch, energy led the way Wednesday with a better than 1% gain as oil rallied. U.S. weekly stockpiles came down appreciably (see below), providing some comfort to those who’d feared a demand decline. Real estate also posted decent gains, while health care and industrials lagged. Retail sales tomorrow morning represent the next key event. This indicator has fallen for two straight months, but expectations run high for the April data. Wall Street analysts’ consensus is for a 0.6% rise, according to Briefing.com. The downturn last month was driven in part by weak automobile and gas station sales, but also by declines in furniture, garden equipment, and food services. In other words, it was pretty widespread. Last week’s strong April employment report, along with the healthy earnings season, might be behind higher retail sales expectations. Remember, also, that despite the March weakness, retail sales have generally been a positive factor, up 5.2% over the last year. Producer prices rose 0.5% in April, the government said early Thursday, perhaps another sign of economic strength. Oil climbed to nearly $48 a barrel early Thursday, bolstered in part by falling U.S. stockpiles. Asian and European stocks were mixed overnight, and gold and bond prices didn’t move much. Speedy Delivery Internet shopping outlets have been lowering the cost of orders required for free shipping, with Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) the latest to join the crowd. The battle between AMZN and Wal-Mart for low shipping costs calls attention to WMT’s efforts to ramp up its online presence. The company reported 29% growth in e-commerce sales in fiscal Q4, and next week we’ll get a look at how that aspect of the company did in its fiscal Q1. Another thing to keep in mind: Low or free shipping costs from e-commerce companies reflects in part the current low cost of energy. Should crude oil prices start to rise and affect companies’ costs, it would be interesting to see if the e-commerce sector has to pull back on its cheap shipping. Miles and Miles Speaking of energy costs, yesterday’s drawdown in U.S. crude oil stocks and accompanying rise in oil prices serve as reminders that we’re entering the heart of so-called “driving season.” Demand for gasoline typically picks up this time of year, but gasoline stocks barely fell last week, perhaps a sign that drivers aren’t hitting the roads in more substantial numbers. On the other hand, total miles driven by Americans keep rising from the recession-era lows of 2009, according to research by the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. The latest data show that 12-month U.S. vehicle mileage through February reached nearly 3.2 trillion, up from 2.9 trillion at the start of the decade and about twice the level of 35 years ago. It’s worth checking this rather obscure statistic now and then, because it tends to be a decent proxy of economic health. Balance Beam Remember that rates aren’t the only thing to watch at the Fed. There’s also the question of the Fed’s balance sheet and when the Fed might start winding it down. Once that gets going, it could lead to lower bond prices and higher interest rates, but the Fed hasn’t been too clear when it plans to move. Probably the next chance to hear more about that is next month at Fed Chair Janet Yellen’s post-meeting press conference. Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Commodities Retail Sales Travel Econ #s Federal Reserve Markets © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + DE) From Comcast To Amazon: Companies Set To Win, Lose With FCC Agenda This Month How Whole Foods Went From Undervalued To Overvalued Andrew Left Doubles Down On Wayfair Thesis Bull & Bear Takeaways From Nvidia's Q1 Beat Iger Breaks Down Disney's ESPN Issues The Market In 5 Minutes View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 OPK, ACIA: 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 2 INTC, AMD: Bank Of America Likes Intel, Advanced Micro Devices; Keep An E... 3 AMZN, IBM: Bull & Bear Takeaways From Nvidia's Q1 Beat 4 SNAP: Snap Inc Higher Ahead Of Earnings 5 NVDA: All The Ratings And Price Targets On Nvidia A... 6 FOXA, WFM: 12 Stocks To Watch For May 10, 2017 7 WEN, APFH: Earnings Scheduled For May... 1 SNAP: Snap Inc Back At Original IPO Pricing Levels After Q1 Report 2 FOXA: The Risk/Reward In 21st Century Fox Just Got Too Good To Resist 3 WFM: Whole Foods' New Changes Aren't Perfect But 'Should Be... 4 PFE, M: Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Open Lower; Macy's Prof... 5 YELP, VSI: 8 Biggest Price Target Changes For Thursday 6 TSLA: Tesla's Rising Costs Mean More Shareholder Di... 7 MRO, CAT: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades F... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 5 Takeaways From Snap's Q1
LINKS Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Calendar of Events Submission Contact Us View PDF Edition PageView Flip PDF 810-664-0811 SECTIONS Front Page Opinions Obituaries Sports Weather Community Classifieds WEEKENDER Place an Ad Contest Rules Photo Gallery Advertiser Index Miscellaneous Dining & Entertainment Health Business Brief Automotive Church Real Estate Grocery 2017-05-11 / Community Tweet Print DePatty continues counsel on his own By Cindy Centofanti Staff Writer • ccentofanti@mihomepaper.com • 989-269-9918 Michael DePatty BAD AXE — A Bad Axe man who was previously arraigned in Huron County Circuit Court mid-April on several charges related to selling hydrocodone in the Walmart parking lot, appeared in circuit court Monday to appeal the miscellaneous motions he filed. Michael Joseph DePatty, 35, of Bad Axe, stood mute to the alleged charges held against him when he stood before Judge Gerald M. Prill in April, and continued to represent himself with standby counsel Andrew Lockard on Monday in court. DePatty faces up to life in prison for the charge of hydrocodone delivery, the most serious charge. He also was charged with three counts of resisting and obstructing a police officer due to his behavior during his arrest. He also is being charged as a habitual offender-fourth due to his extensive criminal background and multiple charges from previous arrests, which increases the maximum time he is facing. Prill read aloud the written motions that DePatty filed to the court prior to his appearance on Monday; show cause regarding violation of statue preliminary examinations transcripts, request to suppress a statement, entrapment motion, suppression of a controlled buy, motion to indict for perjury, motion for dismissal of charges and a motion regarding the testimony of brother Michael Webber. The entrapment motion is to be addressed at a later time scheduled for May 25. DePatty began to address the court with two motions in relation to each other - the first motion to dismiss for judicial misconduct and the second show cause regarding violation of statue preliminary examinations transcripts “I believe my rights were violated repeatedly not only with my preliminary examination transcript, but also the un-timely fashion the (District) court postponed my court hearing date to,” DePatty said. He added that if the district court judge (David B. Herrington) had proceeded appropriately, he could have been allocated more time to gather specific evidence needed to dismiss the multitude of charges against him. DePatty said evidence showing the confidential informant that aided in his arrest was soliciting himself and his wife on “Facebook for drugs” and it may not be available online because he was unsure of how long the social media site holds record logs of sent and received private messages. Prill questioned as to how what he mentioned applied to Herrington. DePatty responded by saying Herrington was the one who continued the hearing in lieu of his argument under the statutory requirement for the hearing to be held within 12 days. Prosecuting Attorney Timothy J. Rutkowski said that there is no case law pertaining to the motion that was filed in writing to the court by DePatty. He suggested that Herrington be called in to testify and that this be dismissed with prejudice. “Its not that I don’t want to be prosecuted,” DePatty responded with. “I want this case to continue, instead I ask for a PR bond so that I have sufficient time to continue the preparation of my case.” Prill said in this particular case as it pertains to judicial misconduct, that it is not the proper venue to address such issues on the particular matter that DePatty brought up. He also said that the court would have to look at the lower court in order to determine whether or not the rights of the defendant were indeed violated regarding violation of statue preliminary examinations transcripts. Prill later determined that Herrington was covering for Prill acting in concurrent jurisdiction of circuit court because Prill was out of town during the time of the request of the transcripts. The motions were denied and DePatty brought the next motion to table: motion to suppress a statement regarding the testimony of his brother Michael Webber. DePatty said that his brother committed perjury when offering a statement to the authorities pertaining to his arrest. It was later announced after deliberation from both prosecuting and defense side, that the brother could not have committed perjury because he did not take an oath and testify in a court of law. Prill dismissed the motion. The next motion made was suppression of a statement by the confidential informant, which DePatty had mentioned earlier regarding his first two motions that were later shot down. He said that the informant had committed perjury when delivering facts that were crucial in assisting in DePatty’s arrest. Prill once again asked DePatty if he knew whether or not the alleged information pertains to the informant’s statements were taken under oath. DePatty said that the informant must have known that the statements made on his part would be utilized in an investigation and pending charges against DePatty, therefore having reasonable assumption that he would be placed under oath. Rutkowski clarified the assumption on the defendant’s part and said that the Huron County Sheriff’s Office Drug Task Force in the Walmart parking lot did the control buy. The informant had contacted the officer that made the arrest via cell-phone and provided necessary information that was consistent with the charge pertaining to possession with intent to deliver controlled substance – hydrocodone. “With all these facts, I fail to understand where a perjury testimony relates,” Rutkowski said. Prill deemed that the motion filed to suppress the statement made by the informant had nothing to pertain with alleged perjury because an oath was not taken in a court of law. The motion was denied. The final motion to indict for perjury was against an officer that assisted in the arrest and the informant who DePatty brought up in the previous motion. “All this is, is retribution or retaliation to try to get the $160 back by the defendant which is not supported,” Rutkowski summarized with. There was once again, no perjury basis to further inquire and indict the officer and informant, the motion was denied. Lastly, DePatty decided once more to address bond, which was set at $250,000 in cash due to his extensive criminal history. Rutkowski, made a motion of his own, to dismiss the inquiry by DePatty to be placed on a more reasonable bond so that he could attend a Social Security hearing in which he would obtain a disclosed amount of money and offer it to his wife and daughter. DePatty offered to wear a tether GPS system to monitor his location. However, Rutkowski noted that he does present a flight risk and has more than once fled the state. The body camera video that was strapped to the officer captured DePatty saying “I should have run!” as well as a slew of profanities’ – all the more information that was needed to continue bond as is, which it was. DePatty is scheduled to appear in court next for a final pre-trial on June 5. The trial is scheduled for June 13 and is expected to last one day. If a jury convicts DePatty, he could be facing a maximum sentence of up to life in prison. DePatty remains lodged at the Huron County Jail as of Monday. Return to top Copyright © 2009-2017 Huron County View, All Rights Reserved Browse Archives Click here for digital edition Newspaper web site content management software and services
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 This German grocery store chain is waging all-out war against Walmart Nandita Bose, Reuters May 11, 2017, 9:28 AM 2,200 facebook linkedin twitter email print Business Insider/Hayley Peterson German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. "We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2le6v0Y Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qRbNT9 "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. "Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. For more on Wal-Mart's stock performance vs Amazon, click  GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger sayAldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. "Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categoriesAldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: NOW WATCH: Everything you need to know about Echo Look — Amazon's new device that will judge the way you dress Loading video... More: Aldi Walmart facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru This German grocery store chain is waging all-out war against Walmart This German grocery store chain is waging all-out war against Walmart German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured WATCH! This week's episode of The Bottom Line with Henry Blodget More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. How Aldi Plans To Beat Walmart’s Prices On Groceries Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share How Aldi Plans To Beat Walmart’s Prices On Groceries Image courtesy of JeepersMedia May 11, 2017 10:12 am EDT By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk how low can you go? aldi walmart grocery stores groceries retail prices For many of us, the most important thing about shopping for groceries isn’t the technology at the checkout line, or the number of artisanal ketchups available; it’s about getting a decent product for the best possible price. Aldi is hoping these pragmatic shoppers will help it win a price war with America’s largest supermarket chains, including Walmart. One of Aldi’s main strategies to keep prices down is expanding its private-label goods, or in-house brands, CEO Jason Hart tells Reuters. These products cost Aldi less because they’re made specifically for the retailer, which also doesn’t have to spend any money marketing them to the public. Along with the push for in-house brands, he says that the company is planning a massive expansion to put the heat on its established rivals. “We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range, and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past,” Hart said, adding that Aldi’s U.S. sales have doubled in five years. The plan includes spending $1.6 billion to remodel 1,300 of its 1,600 U.S. stores, and open 400 new ones by the end of 2018. Hart says Aldi will have no qualms about changing prices frequently if that’s what’s needed to beat rivals. Low prices are Aldi’s focus, Hart says. He claims that the company’s internal studies show its prices are 21% lower than its lowest-price rivals, which includes Walmart. That figure is calculated by tracking competition on a basket of groceries. Reuters confirmed with four analysts and consultants that Aldi now has the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates. Walmart is nipping at Aldi’s heels in states where it’s conducting price tests to undercut Aldi, however. While it varies by product, Aldi’s prices are lower than most of its rivals’ private label items and most branded items as well, the experts said. It looks like Aldi is doing something right: Although it only has about a 1.5% share of the grocery market in the U.S., it’s growing by 15% a year, Reuters points outs, while Walmart has a 22% market share and is estimated to grow 2% this year. May 11, 2017 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk how low can you go? aldi walmart grocery stores groceries retail prices Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related always low prices or else Walmart Launches Price War With Aldi, Demands Price Cuts From Suppliers an unlikely competition Why Are Millennials Flocking To Aldi Over Whole Foods? we loved him in MASH Discount Supermarket Chain Aldi Prepping To Take On Walmart & Others In U.S. turning up the competitive heat Aldi Spending $1.6B To Upgrade Stores To Be More Whole Foods-Esque all about the € The Family That Owns Trader Joe’s Is Having A Frugality War Previous Is Sephora Killing The Department Store Beauty Counter? Next President Trump Says He’s Immune From Restaurant’s Unfair Competition Lawsuit Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: President Trump Says He’s Immune From Restaurant’s Unfair Competition Lawsuit Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Current Weather 48.0° Fair Forecast Subscriber Services Sections Towns Batavia Geneva St. Charles Elburn Sugar Grove More Towns News News Home Local Election Central Get Newsletter Crime and Courts Government Education Local Business Town News and Info Community Dining Police Reports 2017 Election Results Finance Face Time Corrections Sports Sports Home Preps Columns Chicago Steel Kane County Cougars Community Sports Athlete of the Month Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Bears Features A&E Artist Q&A Books Chit Chat Everyday Heroes Features Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies Music Mystery Diner Planit Kane Taste of the Town Theater Weekend Life Opinion Opinion Home Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons Share Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Campus Report Eagle Scout Engagement Announcement Girl Scout Gold Award recipient Join the Birthday Club Letters to the Editor Local Band Spotlight Neighbors Press Release Service Report Share Photos Sidetracks Press Release Submit an Event Support Group Listings Wedding Announcement Contact Us About Us Advertise Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals Dining e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Fox River Bike Trails Forms Kane County Magazine Public Notices RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather More Photos and Lists Obituaries Photo Store Video News Video Live Video Events Pro Football Weekly Election Central Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access kcchronicle.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Want to make sure you receive the latest local news? We’ve got you covered! Get the best in local news, sports, community events, with focus on what’s coming up for the weekend. Weekly mail subscription offers Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from Kane County Chronicle, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters Sign up for free email alerts. We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign Up Online Newspaper SectionsSubscribe Local Batavia police reports 8:47 am • A camera valued at $179 was reported stolen April 27 from Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Tyree E. Brown, 28, of the 400 block of South Jackson Street, Batavia, was charged April 27 with domestic battery and resisting or obstructing a police officer. • Nineteen glass windows valued at $500 were broken, according to an April 28 report of criminal damage to property at Challenge Properties, 335 N. River St., Batavia. • A voice-activating speaker valued at $129 and a camera worth about $199 were reported stolen April 28 at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Anne M. Tannenbaum, 54, of the 1100 block of West Wilson Street, Batavia, was charged with domestic battery April 28. • Stephanie K. Demask, 49, of the 300 block of South Batavia Avenue, Batavia, was arrested April 29 on a Batavia Police Department warrant for failure to appear related to a charge of driving under the influence of alcohol. • Samantha Branshaw, 18, of the 2000 block of Fargo Boulevard, Geneva, was charged April 30 with possession of 10 grams or less of marijuana in the 400 block of South Van Buren Street, Batavia. • Elizabeth A. Piccony, 30, of the 200 block of East Victoria Circle, North Aurora, was charged May 2 with retail theft less than $300 at Kohl’s, 251 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • A bicycle valued at $200 was reported stolen April 30 in the 1500 block of South Raddant Road, Batavia. • A bicycle was reported stolen May 1 in the 1500 block of South Raddant Road, Batavia. Related Links Letter carriers plan 25th annual food drive Batavia police reports Batavia Lions to take hanging baskets on the road Demolition proceeds as Batavia church slips into history Batavia officials look ahead as they take oath of office AboutContactAdvertiseSubscribe Terms of ServicePrivacy PolicyEditorial Principles About Our AdsPlace a Classified AdCareersCopyright © 2017 Kane County Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in St. Charles, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video EXCLUSIVE: Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Thu May 11, 2017 | 6:09pm IST EXCLUSIVE: Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart A company logo is pictured outside a branch of an Aldi supermarket in Manchester, Britain, March 17, 2016. REUTERS/Phil Noble/File Photo By Nandita Bose | WHEATON, Ill. WHEATON, Ill. German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. "We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2le6v0Y Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2qRbNT9 "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. "Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. For more on Wal-Mart's stock performance vs Amazon, click [L1N1IC270] GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. "Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. (editing by David Greising and Edward Tobin) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News SBI Life set to hire eight banks for up to $1 billion IPO MUMBAI SBI Life Insurance Co Ltd is set to hire eight banks including Citigroup, Deutsche Bank and BNP Paribas to manage its up to $1 billion initial public offering of shares, IFR reported on Friday, citing three sources with knowledge of the deal. Analysis - China, India plans for electric cars threaten to cut petrol demand SINGAPORE/KUALA LUMPUR Demand for petrol in Asia may peak much earlier than expected as millions of people in China and India buy electric vehicles over the next decade, threatening wrenching change for the oil industry, oil and auto company executives warned. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Spontaneous protests wrongfoot police, loosening India's grip on Kashmir Market Jockey Live updates from markets and economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart Reuters By Nandita Bose 23 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Fund manager might save $835K on tax collector's typo BT cuts 4,000 jobs, CEO's pay after Italy accounting scandal Click to expand Replay Video Auto loan fraud on the rise FBN's Liz MacDonald breaks down the costs of auto loan fraud. Fox Business Everything we know about the next iPhone — including a completely new look For months, rumors have been circulating about what Apple will cram into the next iPhone. Here's a round up of everything that might be in the iPhone 8. Business Insider This is the new American Dream As millennial home ownership declines, is the future of real estate to buy or to rent? The Wall Street Journal. SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Wal-Mart is looking to regain market share in grocery store sector CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Auto loan fraud on the rise Fox Business0:35 Everything we know about the next iPhone — including a completely new look Business Insider2:20 This is the new American Dream The Wall Street Journal.2:41 Why Venezuela still looks like this BBC News1:01 Macy's, Sears, Target: The retail industry continues to struggle Fox Business1:04 International travel has changed: What you need to know The Wall Street Journal.2:11 5 things to give up if you want be a millionaire CNBC1:03 Victoria's Secret Angels praise perfect Paris Associated Press1:14 Jobless claims lowest since 1988 Wochit Business0:40 SpaceX successfully tests its biggest rocket so far Newsy0:43 Meet Chuck, the robot helping warehouse fulfillment Bloomberg2:17 Why Snap's shares plunged after first earnings Reuters1:25 The Peanuts characters were just sold Veuer0:30 The net worth of former FBI Director James Comey GOBankingRates0:36 Tesla is taking orders for its premium solar roofs Wochit Tech0:45 Do you hate your chip card? The Wall Street Journal.0:36 UP NEXT Video by CNBC German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 76.13 -0.57 -0.74% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 947.62 -1.33 -0.14% Unilever PLC UL ▲ 52.81 +0.13 +0.25% Procter & Gamble Co PG ▼ 86.17 -0.32 -0.37% Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. "We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click here.  Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN) is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. For a graphic, click here. "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. "Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group.  Full screen 1/5 SLIDES © REUTERS/Nandita Bose A lady shops at Aldi, a retail grocery store chain in Wheaton 2/5 SLIDES © REUTERS/Nandita Bose A shopper is pictured at Aldi, a retail grocery store chain in Wheaton 3/5 SLIDES © REUTERS/Nandita Bose Scott Patton, Vice President, Corporate Buying of Aldi is seen at Aldi store in Wheaton 4/5 SLIDES © REUTERS/Nandita Bose The interior of Aldi, a retail grocery store chain is pictured in Wheaton 5/5 SLIDES © REUTERS/Nandita Bose Shoppers are pictured at Aldi, a retail grocery store chain in Wheaton 5/5 SLIDES GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble (PG.N), Unilever (ULVR.L) and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. "Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. (editing by David Greising and Edward Tobin) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters BOJ has sufficient tools to withdraw stimulus: senior official Reuters Total's plans for Brazil's new oil frontier snagged on Amazon reef Reuters Sensex falls in cautious trade ahead of inflation data Reuters Reuters View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored This Dell bends 360°. Fold as a tent, tablet, or laptop Top PC picks: For work or play Flip out with JBL’s splash-proof speaker Only $69 for this 8-inch NuVision tablet Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special This Little-Known Website Can Erase $100,000 of Debt . . . Home | Companies Tags: aldi | wal mart | price | war | germany | grocery | retail Germany's Aldi Raises Stakes in US Price War With Wal-Mart Julius Kielaitis | Dreamstime.com Thursday, 11 May 2017 07:47 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    German grocery chain Aldi Inc. is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc., according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. "We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2le6v0Y Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. "Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. "Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Companies German grocery chain Aldi is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. aldi, wal mart, price, war, germany, grocery, retail 1005 Thursday, 11 May 2017 07:47 AM 2017-47-11 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump Corporate Tax Shakeup Puts Housing Developers in Tailspin Wednesday, 26 Apr 2017 | 50 comments Who cares it San Francisco!only libTARDs would talk about the down side of... ACA Exchanges Grow Thinner with Aetna Leaving for 2018 Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 12 comments Where was any discussion of Medical Coverage before Muslim-Care (OK... Trump Open to Raising Gas Tax and Negotiating Tax Overhaul Plan Monday, 01 May 2017 | 45 comments You must be speaking about your own usage...You sure aren't speaking about... In Trump's Shadow, Fed Official Says Trade Barriers a 'Dead End' Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 5 comments Only In the eyes of Globalist Socialist RATS-----FAIR trade =... Warren Pushes Trump Administration on Plan to Break Up Megabanks Wednesday, 10 May 2017 | 3 comments Warren and the democrat ignorant have been harping on this with Obama's... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 63° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. High near 75F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Mainly clear. Low 54F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: May 12, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 2 Buy Now Christian Gooden • cgooden@post-dispatch.com A shopper examines items in the produce section of the Lake St. Louis Aldi on Friday, March 25, 2016. As Aldi opens more chain locations around the region, it beats discount retailers like Wal-Mart for low prices. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Christian Gooden FILE PHOTO: An Aldi supermarket, photographed March 25, 2016, in Lake St. Louis. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart By Nandita Bose Reuters 19 hrs ago (…) Buy Now Christian Gooden • cgooden@post-dispatch.com A shopper examines items in the produce section of the Lake St. Louis Aldi on Friday, March 25, 2016. As Aldi opens more chain locations around the region, it beats discount retailers like Wal-Mart for low prices. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Christian Gooden FILE PHOTO: An Aldi supermarket, photographed March 25, 2016, in Lake St. Louis. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com WHEATON, Ill. • German grocery chain Aldi Inc. is trying to beat the world’s biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc., according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer’s in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart’s plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. “We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists more so than we have in the past,” said Hart, who added that Aldi’s U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi’s growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent, and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector — from department stores to discount chains — but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart’s move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc. is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. “We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before,” said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. “Given Aldi’s expansion, Lidl’s entry, Wal-Mart’s response and Amazon’s growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years,” said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. Goal: Everyday low pricing Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. “We don’t confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees,” he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states where it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Depending on the product, Aldi’s prices are cheaper than most rivals’ private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do not break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKUs of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers such as Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor’s strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters’ requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. “Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started,” said Strategic Resource Group’s Flickinger. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Aldi Inc. Commerce Economics Marketing View (…) comments Most popular If you have a minor health problem, don't expect Anthem to pay for your ER visit Camping World CEO says Gander Mountain made a bad bet on guns Doughnuts are on a global rampage, and they must be stopped Camping World CEO releases list of Gander Mountains that will remain open Gander Mountain employees: 'Many of us are worried about our jobs' Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Top-paid St. Louis business CEOs The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears and Kmart Nicklaus: Our technology problem is too little disruption, not too much In Trump's America, heartland hooks up with Silicon Valley Ferguson's landmark Whistle Stop reopens in time for summer Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Give a shout out to your graduate in a full-color section of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and online at STLtoday.com. Subscribe today Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, May 12, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / OPINION Words over messages By SALENA ZITO CREATORS SYNDICATE This article was published May 11, 2017 at 3:06 a.m. Comments aAFont Size ROSEVILLE, Mich.—After 17 years at the same company, Dawn Wilson has just lost her job. The petite blonde stands in the parking lot of Roseville Towne Center, a strip mall with a Wal-Mart, a Dollar Tree, a jewelry pawn shop and what was Hillary Clinton’s campaign office, where a bright yellow sidewalk tent now hawks free cell phones. A few people wait to sign up for one. Wilson explained: “I’ve worked there for 17 years. I was on vacation when I got a text from my boss on Good Friday to call him. He told me don’t come back to work on Monday, you no longer have a job.” Of her ability to get another job as a purchaser and customer service professional, she sounds pragmatic, saying: “I’m confident I’ll find something. I am an incredibly hard worker, I have had two job interviews this week, it will happen.” Of her town’s fortunes, she sounds blunt. “It was once middle class, now I would call it lower middle class,” she says. Roseville is in Macomb County, the heart of Reagan Democrat country, of socially conservative white Democrats who are anxious about their economic future. It’s like so many places where candidate Donald Trump exceeded expectations—an economically anxious, culturally conservative tight-knit community that doesn’t understand how elite-driven change will benefit it. For the Hillary Clinton campaign to send Hollywood liberals here in the closing days of the race to preach about climate change was tonedeaf on a Guinness World Records level. The decisions we make on how to communicate to people are fragile: They can change lives, cause chaos and regret, or take us to a better place by tapping into something deep. Last week two politicians made news for the ways they communicated to Americans: Clinton’s words were crafted, deliberate and dishonest; President Trump’s words were a string of thoughts bouncing everywhere, with no craft and no massaging and great gaps of context. The press reacted wistfully to the former. To the latter, it went into full meltdown. Again. Michael Kinsley once observed, “A gaffe is when a politician tells the truth.” By this definition—and this is how the press appears to view it—Trump speaks in gaffes. That doesn’t mean Trump is always accurate in what he says, but he says (or tweets) what he truly thinks at that moment. We in the press are just not accustomed to this type of honesty. Most politicians are loath to veer from carefully vetted talking points; they don’t commit gaffes because they never tell you what they really think. Instead, they talk around the point or tell you what they think you want to hear. Trump never does this. Compare this to Clinton’s interview last Monday with Christiane Amanpour. She conceded to mistakes during the campaign, said she is writing her “confessions” in a new book and seeking “absolution,” and then blamed it all on former FBI Director James Comey. Words delivered with honesty, despite being loose with facts, sometimes are more appealing to people than a perfectly crafted message that is dishonest at its core. That’s why Wilson chose Trump over Clinton. And that’s why Trump is president and Clinton is not. —–––––❖–––––— Salena Zito is a CNN political analyst, and a staff reporter and columnist for the Washington Examiner. Print Headline: Words over messages Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Opinion and Letters* JOHN BRUMMETT: The space in the center EDITORIAL: Mercy is justice, too; the case fo... What failed in France Charter schools everywhere Words over messages Changing lives LETTERS REX NELSON: The pizza man BRENDA LOOPER: Myth-taken ideas More Opinion and Letters* stories > Comments on: Words over messages To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump fires FBI chief Comey (32 comments) Mormon church pulls older teens out of Boy Scouts (11 comments) U.S. Sens. Cotton, Boozman want answers on firing of FBI chief; both defend decision (30 comments) Arkansas panel OKs Ten Commandments display at state Capitol (14 comments) State police: After standoff, 1 in custody; man suspected of killing deputy, 2 others (20 comments) Trump: Talk with Russian 'good' (10 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES E3     Nintendo Switch Stock Updates For May 11 Posted: May 11 2017, 2:11pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     The latest Nintendo Switch stock tracking information for online and in stores for Wednesday, May 10th. The Nintendo Switch is available online since May 10 again. GameStop has released three new Nintendo Switch bundles available online. The three Nintendo Switch bundles start at $479.99. Customers can choose between Mario Kart and Zelda themed bundles. GameStop just updated the shipping timeframe on the Switch bundles from May 19 to within 24 hours.  Don't Miss: Today's Best Deals on Amazon.com The Nintendo Switch got restocked in a big way the last time for the Mario Kart 8 launch in the week that ended April 28. The $299.99 Nintendo Switch without bundled games and accessories is not in stock online from any retailer. Nintendo believes the Nintendo Switch will be as big as the extremely successful Nintendo Wii. Looking at the current shortage, the Japanese video game maker has a long road ahead of them to ship 101 million Nintendo Switch consoles. The positive reception and praise of the Nintendo Switch fuel the demand for the mobile and home console hybrid. Find below the latest Nintendo Switch online availability updates and stock tracking updates for stores. Nintendo Switch Stock at Online Stores On May 11, 2017 the Nintendo Switch is available online as part of three bundles starting at $479.99 online at gamestop.com. The last online availability was as part of a $369.84 Nintendo Switch bundle at walmart.com on Friday May 5. The Walmart Switch bundle offer sold out quickly. Rumors though say that Walmart is offering this Switch bundle every Friday at 5pm ET. The next time the Switch is on stock according the rumor is on May 12th at 5pm ET. The $499.99 Nintendo Switch bundle at ToysRUs.com on was available on May 6 for a short time. These high priced Switch bundles are not that popular with consumers, but still sell out. The Nintendo Switch will continue to be hard to find for the foreseeable future. Nintendo plans to ship 10 million consoles world-wide in the time from April 2017 to April 2018. From the launch on Mach 3 to April 27, the Mario company sold 2.74 million Switch consoles. Online stores restocked the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con in time for the launch of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on April 28. Since then the Switch console was out of stock online, besides the TRU bundle offer, according to data from The Tracker. The Nintendo Switch reseller markups keep steady and range today between $90 to $110 for the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and $100 to $130 for the Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con on amazon.com. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con is more rare than the console with Gray controllers, resulting in considerable higher market value. Overall the Nintendo Switch market prices have risen slightly. To find Nintendo Switch in stock online, shoppers can use our new The Tracker app, available as free download for iOS and Android.  There are also several new accessories coming on the market from Nintendo in the next weeks. See the full list of new Nintendo Switch accessories. When is Nintendo Switch in stock online again? Nintendo is ramping up the production for the Nintendo Switch, but has not disclosed what the current production capacity per month is. The demand for the Nintendo Switch will spike during the Holiday Shopping season 2017. Nintendo will set aside a large part of the Switch production during the next months for November and December. This stock piling will keep the Nintendo Switch in short supply during the next 5 months. As Nintendo coordinated new Switch console shipment with the launch of Mario Kart 8, we expect the company to do the same for the next major Switch game launches. This means the next big wave of new Switch consoles comes in mid-June for the release of ARMS. The Nintendo Switch will likely be offered in special bundles in time for the Holidays. A Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Switch bundle has already surfaced in Russia. Because of the incredible demand for the Switch console, the monetary savings on these bundles will be limited. Usually bundles offer a way for consumers to get a free game. Nintendo can afford to just offer some savings, unless the demand is slowing down. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. How to find a Nintendo Switch in Stock Online We developed the The Tracker app to make finding stock of rare products online as easy and stress free as possible. Download the free app for Apple iPhone or Android phones. From the list products you select to be notified for the Switch with Grey Joy-Con and/or Neon Joy-Con. That is it. It is set and forget. At the moment we detect the Nintendo Switch console in stock at major online retailers, you receive a notification on your smartphone. Now you are just a tap away from buying a Nintendo Switch. You can also see the current availability of the Nintendo Switch consoles in the web version of The Tracker: Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con, Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con. Nintendo Switch in Stock at Stores GameStop is restocking the Nintendo Switch since Thursday in stores too. The Nintendo Switch is also only available as part of bundles at GameStop retail locations. The Nintendo Switch is available in 133 Walmart stores, 198 Target stores, 129 GameStop locations according to the Nintendo Switch inventory tracker iStockNow (3pm ET). The number of Walmart stores just dropped dramatically from over 1,000 stores to about 130 mid-day on May 11. Ther might have been a clean-up in the inventory system that is the source for the Switch tracker. Target stores stayed about the same, but GameStop added over 120 locations to have the Switch in stock over the past 48 hours. Compare the Nintendo Switch stock indicators to May 10. The Nintendo flagship store in New York said on April 28 in a tweet to have the Nintendo Switch in stock each morning. People in New York or visitors can give this purchase option a try. Social media posts from people who visited the flagship store confirm the availability of the Switch at the Nintendo store in New York. Some even report that they saw the Switch still on the shelves late afternoon. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. Updated: 2017-05-12 01:50:09am Offers Nintendo Switch Gray Joy-Con Mario Kart Bundle Store: Gamestop Price: $79.99 Availability: Browse all current Offers This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Acer Mixed Reality Headset Developer Edition is Available for Pre-order 9 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Tuk-Tuk Spotted In Europe 33 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Bundle Stock Ships Now at GameStop Online 1 hour ago Three Nintendo Switch Bundles Restocked at GameStop Online 11 hours ago, 2:10pm CDT Warping Fidget Spinner Are The Newest Trend 16 hours ago, 9:12am CDT TSMC Reportedly Begins Apple A11 Chip Production for iPhone 8 16 hours ago, 8:56am CDT The Sims is Coming to iOS and Android Soon 18 hours ago, 7:51am CDT Nintendo E3 2017 Plans Unveiled 18 hours ago, 7:39am CDT Star Trek: Bridge Crew Gets IBM's Watson Powered Voice Commands 18 hours ago, 7:35am CDT Toyota is Using Nvidia's Supercomputers in its Autonomous Cars 18 hours ago, 7:22am CDT NVIDIA Unveils its First Volta GPU Platform and Tesla V100 Data Center GPU 19 hours ago, 6:00am CDT Leaked Image Claims to be the iPhone SE 2 20 hours ago, 5:52am CDT New iPad Pro 2 Leak Points to June WWDC Launch 20 hours ago, 5:32am CDT Best TV Deals at Sam's Club on Saturday include Big TVs 80-inch VIZIO E80-E3 and 75-inch Samsung UN75KS900D 20 hours ago, 5:32am CDT Tesla Solar Roof is Cheaper with Infinite Tile Warranty 20 hours ago, 4:55am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Three Nintendo Switch Bundles Restocked at GameStop Online Amazon Echo Show Is Available for Pre-Order Now   Echo Show is Most Popular Device on Amazon The Tracker App by I4U News App Finds Rare Products in Stock Online Technology News Acer Mixed Reality Headset Developer Edition is Available for Pre-order 9 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Tuk-Tuk Spotted In Europe 33 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Bundle Stock Ships Now at GameStop Online 1 hour ago Three Nintendo Switch Bundles Restocked at GameStop Online 11 hours ago, 2:10pm CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Acer Mixed Reality Headset Developer Edition is Available for Pre-order 9 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Tuk-Tuk Spotted In Europe 33 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Bundle Stock Ships Now at GameStop Online 1 hour ago Three Nintendo Switch Bundles Restocked at GameStop Online 11 hours ago, 2:10pm CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Real Estate Signs of a lending squeeze for new apartments, retail and other Tampa Bay businesses US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News St. Petersburg police find bank robber on bus, money in underwear Hillsborough firefighters help bury dog killed in house fire Tom Jones: Don't stand for NFL teams not signing Colin Kaepernick St. Pete workers nervous about insurance coverage at John Hopkins All Children's Hospital because of dispute Yet another ball rolls under Kevin Kiermaier's glove in Rays' 6-0 loss to Royals (w/ video) News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana The Buzz Why Adam Putnam starts his campaign as a big favorite Top News Former U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown guilty of taking money from sham charity (w/video) Sarah Huckabee Sanders is suddenly the star of the feel-bad story of the day Jill Kelley and FBI agent decry hypocrisy in treatment of Flynn versus Petraeus Florida Legislature 2017: What passed and what failed Acting FBI director vows to inform committee if White House tries to upend Russia probe Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More The Heater Yet another ball rolls under Kevin Kiermaier's glove in Rays' 6-0 loss to Royals Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News Tom Jones: Don't stand for NFL teams not signing Colin Kaepernick Yet another ball rolls under Kevin Kiermaier's glove in Rays' 6-0 loss to Royals (w/ video) Tampa Classic featuring Florida A&M is officially back at Raymond James Stadium 'Big Dog’ Steve Duemig, battling cancer, set to return to radio show on Monday Soldier's proposal at Tropicana Field gets an assist from Rays mascot Raymond (w/video) Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Books Interview: Paula Hawkins on 'Girl on the Train' and the new 'Into the Water' Top News Plan your weekend May 12-14: Mother's Day fun, the Weeknd, Fringe Festival, Train Day Ticket Window: On sale this week Sammy Hagar, Linkin Park, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone in Concert The King Arthur myth needs a movie makeover. 'Legend of the Sword' is not it Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Trump's firing of Comey reaffirms need for special prosecutor Top Opinion Krauthammer: A political ax murder Editorial: Legislature needs special session on medical marijuana Column: Don't forget those smiling images of Trump and the Russians Bret Stephens: The Comey canning's easy tells Selected readings from the left and from the right Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News Interview: Paula Hawkins on 'Girl on the Train' and the new 'Into the Water' Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Ten Walmart stores being updated throughout Tampa Bay Justine Griffin, Times Staff Writer Link View all Articles JUSTINE GRIFFINTampa Bay Times Thursday, May 11, 2017 4:50am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged The Walmart Supercenter in Palm Harbor is the latest in the chain to get a new look. [Times file photo] PALM HARBOR — The Walmart Supercenter in Palm Harbor is the latest in the chain to get a new look. Related News/Archive A rocky road ahead for Macy's stores in Tampa Bay 3 Months Ago Here's an update on the eagerly awaited Publix stores planned for downtown Tampa and St. Petersburg 8 Months Ago Earth Fare, the newest grocery store to hit Tampa Bay, seeks a healthy crowd 7 Months Ago Walmart has remodeled three supercenters in the Tampa Bay area so far this year and plans to renovate a total of 10 neighborhood markets and supercenters in the area and 42 across Florida by the end of the year, a spokeswoman said. These multi-million dollar renovations — which range from new, interactive electronics departments to redesigned baby sections and expanded produce coolers — are meant to update aging stores in the region. The rash of renovation comes as Walmart faces increased competition from both entrenched players like Publix and newcomers like Sprouts Farmers Market and Lucky's Market. "2017 is going to be an exciting year for Walmart in Tampa as we continue to focus on how to better serve our customers through innovation and investments so they can save both time and money," Todd Owen, Walmart market manager in Tampa, said in a statement. "We've had a sharp focus on making our store experience second to none and our customers are telling us that our plan is working. Our team is energized and we're looking forward to exceeding our customer's expectations for what a great Walmart shopping experience can be like." The Walmart Supercenter at 35404 U.S. Highway 19 N. in Palm Harbor has a brand new electronics department, where shoppers can try tablets, laptops and other gadgets before purchasing them. The new store's baby department has strollers at floor level so it's easier to access bulkier items. The product area has been expanded with new coolers and the cosmetics department has a new light wall. New flooring and larger signs can be found throughout the store. Previous Coverage: Walmart expands curbside pickup program in Tampa Bay The Walmart Supercenter at 1505 Dale Mabry Highway in Tampa and at 12650 US Highway 301 in Dade City have also been recently upgraded. Walmart officials did not say which other stores in the Tampa Bay area will be renovated next this year. The cost of the renovations is expected to in the millions, but officials declined to elaborate. Wamart has made it a point this year to reinvest in older stores across the country, said Doug McMillon, the CEO of Walmart, in an annual report released last month. "We are a company of the future. We're operating from a strong foundation built by those before us and taking action aimed at strengthening our business this year and beyond," McMillon said in a letter to shareholders, associates and customers. "We'll continue to strengthen our stores around the world, we'll continue to build our e-commerce and digital capabilities and we'll put them together in a way that saves customers time and money." Contact Justine Griffin at jgriffin@tampabay.com or (727) 893-8467. Follow @SunBizGriffin. Ten Walmart stores being updated throughout Tampa Bay 05/11/17 [Last modified: Wednesday, May 10, 2017 1:46pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... More Business News Tap for more Appointments at BayCare Health System and Johns Hopkins All Children's Hospital highlight this week's Tampa Bay business Movers & Shakers 5/11/17 BusinessTimes Staff Health Care BayCare Health System has named John Haffner, MD, to its physician leadership team as director, physician services for Morton Plant North Bay Hospital. Dr. Haffner served as medical director of the pediatric intensive care unit at St. Joseph's Children's Hospital for more than 10 years … 'It takes up the whole river!' U.S. ports welcome giant ship (w/video) 5/11/17 BusinessBy RUSS BYNUM, Associated Press SAVANNAH, Ga. — The largest cargo ship ever to visit ports on the U.S. East Coast is so long the Statue of Liberty and Washington Monument could fit end-to-end along its deck and still leave room for Big Ben. Where in the world is Valpak CEO Michael Vivio? 5/11/17 CorporateBy Malena Carollo, Times Staff Writer ST. PETERSBURG — Michael Vivio, CEO of Valpak for nearly seven years, is no longer the public face of the St. Petersburg-based direct mail company. Tesla opens Florida pre-orders for solar roof 5/11/17 EnergyBy Malena Carollo, Times Staff Writer Tesla is gearing up to establish a presence on Florida roofs. The Palo Alto, Calif., company opened Florida pre-orders Thursday for its residential solar energy material called "Solar Roof," as well as a cost estimator. The roofing material will cost a hefty $21.85 per square foot, perhaps five to six times the cost of … Default rates stagnate for Florida small business loans 5/11/17 MarketsBy Malena Carollo, Times Staff Writer Default rates on Florida small business loans have flattened out at a higher-than-normal level. According PayNet data released Thursday, the default rate for March was 2.54 percent, virtually unchanged from February. It still exceeds the national default rate for small business loans at 1.87 percent. More Today's top stats MORE Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India May 11, 2017-Thursday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion ipl 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Aldi is trying to beat Wal-Mart, the world’s biggest retailer, at its own game: low prices Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21% lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc. business Updated: May 11, 2017 14:26 IST Reuters Wheaton (Reuters photo) Aldi is trying to beat Wal-Mart, the world’s biggest retailer, at its own game: low prices Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21% lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer’s in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart’s plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. “We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past,” said Hart, who added Aldi’s U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5% of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15% a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22% of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2% this year, according to analysts. Aldi’s growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15% and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart’s move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. “We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before,” said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. “Given Aldi’s expansion, Lidl’s entry, Wal-Mart’s response and Amazon’s growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years,” said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. “We don’t confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees,” he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Depending on the product, Aldi’s prices are cheaper than most rivals’ private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21% difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90% of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU’s of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30% of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor’s strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. “Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started,” said Strategic Resource Group’s Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi’s aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. “The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further,” said Scott Patton, Aldi’s vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53% to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart’s supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42% of Wal-Mart’s U.S. store base. more from business HCL Tech Q4 net profit rises 27% to Rs 2,475.27 crore, adds 10,605 people May 11, 2017 13:47 IST Compliance by petrol pumps under GST will raise costs: Industry May 11, 2017 13:43 IST Is Your Couch Making You Cough? Promotional Feature Recommended for you Read more Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store WalMart files patent for Amazon Dash rival Read more Why are Indian and Chinese shoppers pushing e-commerce growth? Amazon Great Indian Sale: iPhone 7, iPhone SE and other gadget deals Read more SoftBank losses from Indian startups Snapdeal, Ola at over Rs 9,000 cr How one man wants to take yoga to business parks India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Sonia Gandhi likely to remain in hospital for a couple of more days May 11, 2017 14:03 IST Notice to Rajiv Gandhi Charitable Trust in Rae Bareli for using state land May 11, 2017 13:38 IST BJP expels 87 leaders, workers in Uttar Pradesh for ‘anti-party activities’ May 11, 2017 13:35 IST Former Bengal governor Gopal Gandhi may be opposition’s choice as presidential ... May 11, 2017 13:25 IST In riot-hit Saharanpur, 30-year-old lawyer leads Dalit fight with his Bhim Army May 11, 2017 13:25 IST Justice Karnan maybe in Nepal or Bangladesh, want President to appeal to ICJ: A... May 11, 2017 14:18 IST RERA is here for homebuyers’ protection, but is India ready? All you need to kn... May 11, 2017 13:41 IST Honduras murder convict tries to escape prison disguised as woman, caught May 11, 2017 14:00 IST India’s competitive economy poses challenges to China, says think tank May 11, 2017 13:24 IST China’s moon mission: Student astronauts test simulated lab Lunar Palace May 11, 2017 12:34 IST Five of a family die in police raid on extremist hideout in Bangladesh May 11, 2017 13:23 IST Trump’s approval rating near record low with losses among uneducated white men:... May 11, 2017 12:16 IST Watch: Indian-American comedian Hasan Minhaj vows to fight for ‘immigrant narra... May 11, 2017 11:11 IST Won’t dwell on sacking, will be fine: FBI’s Comey in farewell letter May 11, 2017 09:38 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Fire breaks out at Vashi railway station complex, no one hurt, trains running on schedule May 11, 2017 14:08 IST Gujarati woman deported from Canada for travelling on fake passport, brought to... May 11, 2017 13:36 IST Coffee, fun with children and long drive: This is what Justin Bieber did before... May 11, 2017 14:14 IST Unsafe Mumbai: 28-year-old woman found with her throat slit in SoBo home May 11, 2017 12:52 IST Involved in land dispute, two senior citizens jailed in Bihar for ‘robbing’ retired... May 11, 2017 12:42 IST Man who tried to attack Kapil Mishra is a CA, left job to work for AAP: Police May 11, 2017 13:13 IST Mumbai hit-and-run: Land Rover rams into car on western express highway, driver... May 11, 2017 12:47 IST HT Forum: Beware, children can fall prey to online predators  May 11, 2017 12:25 IST Siblings’ murder: Elder sister’s jilted lover nabbed for killing duo May 11, 2017 12:21 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Modi’s Sri Lanka visit reflects growing ties, but issues like China, TN fishermen remain May 11, 2017 14:28 IST Why just job data? India must reform the entire data ecosystem May 11, 2017 13:45 IST ‘IPL should allow foreign players to be loaned just like football’ May 11, 2017 12:59 IST Paper trail machines are not enough to fight allegations of doctored EVMs May 11, 2017 12:45 IST ‘How Kolkata Knight Riders invited IPL 2017 defeat versus Kings XI Punjab’ May 11, 2017 11:52 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa David Warner, Steve Smith may not play in IPL from next year. Here’s why May 11, 2017 14:03 IST IPL 2017: Shreyas Iyer believes no target is impossible to chase in T20 cricket May 11, 2017 13:37 IST ‘IPL should allow foreign players to be loaned just like football’ May 11, 2017 12:59 IST Sunrisers Hyderabad’s Kane Williamson blown away by local talent in IPL 2017 May 11, 2017 12:28 IST FA bans several England football supporters over Dortmund misconduct May 11, 2017 11:37 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Shakti Kapoor’s suit and sunglasses and extra 9kg: How Siddhant became Dawood for Haseena May 11, 2017 14:23 IST Game of Thrones: Here’s a look at 18 jaw-dropping moments from the show so far May 11, 2017 14:15 IST Pooja Bedi’s daughter Aalia is setting her Instagram on fire May 11, 2017 13:59 IST Life in a...Metro turns 10: Shilpa Shetty says her story was meant to end diffe... May 11, 2017 13:59 IST This video of a couple’s hilarious varmala fight is trending May 11, 2017 13:28 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Meet Poonam Dhillon’s gorgeous daughter Paloma Thakeria Dhillon May 11, 2017 13:44 IST Yash and Roohi Johar’s homecoming was a K3G moment May 11, 2017 13:27 IST New gene-delivery system can stop hereditary blindness, says study May 11, 2017 13:21 IST Nobody can inspire surrogacy, Not Ricky Martin, not Tusshar Kapoor, says Karan ... May 11, 2017 12:52 IST 14 times Shahid Kapoor’s Instagram pictures swept us off our feet May 11, 2017 11:30 IST Aldi is trying to beat Wal-Mart, the world’s biggest retailer, at its own game: low prices May 11, 2017 14:26 IST HCL Tech Q4 net profit rises 27% to Rs 2,475.27 crore, adds 10,605 people May 11, 2017 13:47 IST Compliance by petrol pumps under GST will raise costs: Industry May 11, 2017 13:43 IST Patanjali eyes Rs 1 lakh-crore turnover in next 5 years May 11, 2017 13:31 IST Tesla CEO says company to start selling solar roof tiles May 11, 2017 13:22 IST Gold inches up from eight-week low as dollar weakens May 11, 2017 13:21 IST BT to restructure Global Services after ‘challenging year’, cut 4,000 jobs May 11, 2017 13:13 IST Apple may launch 2017 iPhone SE variant with new camera setup May 11, 2017 13:56 IST Facebook News Feed tweak: See less ads, obscene content and more information li... May 11, 2017 13:35 IST Amazon Great Indian Sale: iPhone 7, iPhone SE and other gadget deals May 11, 2017 12:37 IST Snapchat’s growth stalls in Facebook’s shadow in 1Q report May 11, 2017 11:29 IST Microsoft: 500M Windows 10 devices, half of 2018 goal May 11, 2017 11:15 IST Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella showcases better AI at Build 2017 but no new Surface... May 11, 2017 11:19 IST Opera’s new WhatsApp gig: Talk while you browser or work May 10, 2017 18:20 IST Kerala HSE VHSE (Class 12) board exam results on May 15 May 11, 2017 14:24 IST Punjabi University MSc maths paper leaked, inquiry marked May 11, 2017 13:52 IST Tamil Nadu HSC (Class 12) exam results tomorrow, students to get it on mobile phones... May 11, 2017 13:42 IST Bribes for high scores: Unable to cheat, students in UP put currency notes in answer... May 11, 2017 13:39 IST MPBSE Class 10 and 12 board exam results tomorrow May 11, 2017 12:09 IST Operation Shakti: India’s rise as a global nuclear superpower May 11, 2017 09:04 IST Buddha Purnima celebrated with fervour across India May 10, 2017 21:51 IST In pics |  Tibetan artistes welcome US Congress... May 10, 2017 20:28 IST Brief showers likely to cool North India soon May 10, 2017 09:05 IST Making post-war musical instruments for UK’s Royal Navy in... May 09, 2017 09:04 IST Kapil Mishra to continue his ‘Satyagraha’, says will go to ACB with more proofs May 11, 2017 13:30 IST Residents hopeful as Bellandur Lake begins breathing May 11, 2017 12:04 IST Yak genome could hold key to survival in polluted cities May 11, 2017 11:28 IST 1 killed, 1 injured after Pakistan violates ceasefire along LoC May 11, 2017 11:23 IST ‘No martyrs from Gujarat’, asks Akhilesh Yadav May 10, 2017 18:32 IST ht-indepth longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firspost Shareworthy MP farmer gets Rs 2000 notes sans Mahatma Gandhi image BJP lauds PM Narendra Modi on Twitter, claims Dawood's properties seized after diplomatic masterstroke Before UP Elections 2017, films to catch up on, from Omkara to Masaan: Throwback Thursday Guru Gobind Singh's 350th birth anniversary: Narendra Modi to attend Prakash Parv in Patna Renowned sitar player Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan passed away at 88 more from #Amazon Amazon's technological superiority is helping it dominate the e-commerce sector Amazon Great Indian Sale kicks off with major discounts on electronics and fashion Asus announces the ZenFone Go 5.5 in India priced at Rs 8,499 Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Amazon’s technological superiority is helping it dominate the e-commerce sector   11 May 2017 , 13:58 #Amazon Earlier this year, engineers at Wal-Mart Stores Inc who track rivals’ prices online got a rude surprise: the technology they were using to check Amazon.com several million times a day suddenly stopped working. Losing access to Amazon.com Inc’s data was no small matter. Like most big retailers, Wal-Mart relies on computer programs that scan prices on competitors’ websites so it can adjust its listings accordingly. A difference of even 50 cents can mean losing a sale. But a new tactic by Amazon to block these programs – known commonly as robots or bots – thwarted the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer.  Its technology unit, @WalmartLabs, was unable to work around the blockade for weeks, forcing it to retrieve Amazon’s data through a secondary source, according to a person familiar with the matter who was not authorized to speak publicly. The previously unreported incident offers a case study in how Amazon’s technological prowess is helping it dominate the retail competition. Now the largest online retailer in the world, Amazon is best known by consumers for its fast delivery, huge product catalog and ambitious moves into areas like original TV programming. But its mastery of the complex, behind-the-scenes technologies that power modern e-commerce is just as important to its success. Dexterity with bots allows Amazon not only to see what its rivals are doing but increasingly to keep them in the dark when it undercuts them on price or is quietly charging more. “Benchmarking against Amazon is going to become hard,” said Guru Hariharan, a former Amazon manager who now sells pricing software to retailers as chief executive of Mountain View, California-based Boomerang Commerce. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined to discuss the January episode but said the company improves its technology regularly and has multiple tools for tracking items. He said the company offers value not only through pricing but from discounts for in-store pickup and other benefits. A spokeswoman for Amazon said the company is aware of competitors using bots to check its listings and denied any “campaign” to stop them. “Nothing has changed recently in how we manage bots on our site,” she said. Still, she said, “we prioritize humans over bots as needed.” Bots can slow down a website, a big motivator for retailers to block them. Reuters interviewed 21 people familiar with bots and how they are deployed, including current and former Wal-Mart employees, former Amazon employees and outside specialists. Many spoke only on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the issues publicly. Most pointed to Amazon’s leadership in the burgeoning bot wars. The company’s technological edge has been good for its profit margin, and it’s proving a winning formula for investors. Shares of the internet powerhouse have risen about 15-fold since the market’s bottom in March 2009, while the S&P 500 has more than tripled in value. Amazon hit $100 billion in annual sales in 2015 – faster than any company in history, it said. Brave new world Bot-driven pricing has represented a massive change for the retail industry since Amazon helped pioneer the practice more than a decade ago. Traditionally, brick-and-mortar stores changed prices no more than weekly because of the time and expense needed to swap labels by hand. In the world of e-commerce, though, retailers update prices with ease, sometimes multiple times a day, helped by algorithms that consider inventory levels, sales forecasts and rivals’ pricing data. To stay in the game, companies such as online wholesaler Boxed, based in New York, depend on a variety of methods including bots to ensure they do not lag others’ price moves for even 20 minutes. “That’s like a lifetime during Christmas,” said Chief Executive Chieh Huang, whose company sells bulk staples like toilet paper and pet food. “If we’re not decently priced, we’ll see it almost immediately” in sales declines. Disguised as humans Using bots to view massive amounts of data on public websites – a process known as crawling or scraping – has many purposes. Alphabet Inc’s Google, for example, constantly crawls the Web to gather information for its search engine results and to sell ads. In e-commerce, though, the use of bots has developed into a cat-and-mouse game. Companies try to thwart the practice on their own websites while aiming to penetrate their competitors’ defenses. Third-party services abound to help less-savvy retailers. To protect data from rivals, some retail websites use what’s known as a “CAPTCHA” – typically a distorted string of letters and numbers that humans can read but most bots can’t. Amazon shies away from the practice because it annoys some customers. For merchants seeking to evade such defenses, disguising their computer programs as real shoppers is key. Some pricing technology experts have programmed computer cursors to meander through a Web page in the way a person might, instead of going directly to the prized data. Another technique is to use multiple computer addresses so that retailers cannot track a barrage of clicks to a single source. “It is an arms race,” said Keith Anderson, a senior vice president at e-commerce analytics firm Profitero, based in Ireland. “Every week or every month, there’s some new approach from both sides.” Amazon’s maneuver that halted Wal-Mart in January took aim at a specialized Web browser called PhantomJS. Unlike, say, Internet Explorer, this browser is designed specifically for programmers – a telltale clue that its users are not typical shoppers. Amazon put up a digital curtain to hide its listings from PhantomJS users, according to three people familiar with the situation. It was unclear how the move, which was not aimed at Wal-Mart in particular, affected other companies. Tests conducted in recent weeks for Reuters show that among major U.S. retail chains, Amazon had by far the most sophisticated bot detection in place, both for its home page and for two popular items selected by Reuters because they change price frequently – a De’Longhi coffee maker and a Logitech webcam. The tests were run by San Francisco-based Distil Networks, which sells anti-bot tools. In one of the tests, Distil programmed bots to hit each retailer’s website 3,000 times, but slowly enough to mimic a person clicking through listings. This tricked most retail behemoths, but not Amazon. Blocked bots would not have seen, for instance, that Amazon’s price for the De’Longhi espresso machine changed four times in a single 24-hour period starting on the morning of April 25, according to price tracking website camelcamelcamel.com. During that time, the price swung by more than 10 percent, from a low of $80.06 to $88.16. Swarming with bots Despite Amazon’s capabilities, the sheer volume of crawling on its site is staggering. At times, as many as 80 percent of the clicks on Amazon product listings have been from bots, people familiar with the matter say, compared with just a third or more of the traffic on other large sites. In addition to rivals seeking price data, that traffic includes bots from university researchers studying competition, search engines, advertising services and even fraudsters trying to break into Amazon accounts. For Wal-Mart, a small group in Silicon Valley directs its automated pricing strategy while dozens of engineers in India and around the world handle the code, current and former Wal-Mart employees said. Amazon had about 40 engineers who would covertly extract and organize rivals’ data with bots as of several years ago, one of the people interviewed said. Amazon did not discuss the size or structure of its teams working with bots. According to one U.S. patent application, Amazon is working on encryption technology that would force bots, but not humans, to solve a complicated algorithm to gain access to its Web pages. “Amazon has both the competency to detect bot traffic and the wherewithal to do something about it,” said Scott Jacobson, a former Amazon manager and now managing director of Madrona Venture Group. That “isn’t the case for most retailers.” Reuters Publish date: May 11, 2017 1:58 pm| Modified date: May 11, 2017 1:58 pm Tags: algorithms, Amazon, bots, Brick and Mortar, e- commerce, Guru Hariharan, mountain view, Prices, retail industry, Wal-Mart Also read Amazon Echo Show: All you need to know about the new screen-based Echo device Amazon Great Indian Sale kicks off with major discounts on electronics and fashion X Recommended For You Amazon Great Indian Sale kicks off with major discounts on electronics and fashion Amazon India opens up Experience Zone for Kindle reader and Fire TV Stick Amazon Echo Show: All you need to know about the new screen-based Echo device Amazon Echo Show is an Alexa-powered speaker with a touch screen and can make video calls Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #India May 12, 2017 Niti Aauog CEO Amitabh Kant believes that India is passing through biggest technological revolution #digital recreation May 12, 2017 Palaeontologists investigate death of pre-historic squid 150 million years ago, with a digital recreation #Partnered Mar 30, 2017 The Fashion Shopper has gone mobile: New report by BCG & Facebook #United Nations May 12, 2017 United Nations has urged the Indian government to restore Internet access in Jammu and Kashmir #Nasa May 12, 2017 Nasa’s Cassini spacecraft captures best ever image of propeller belts in the rings of Saturn #e-Krishi May 12, 2017 Union Agriculture and Farmers Welfare Minister launches e-Krishi Samvad to help farmers SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad EXCLUSIVE-Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart By Reuters Published: 02:16 EDT, 11 May 2017 | Updated: 02:16 EDT, 11 May 2017 e-mail By Nandita Bose WHEATON, Ill., May 11 (Reuters) - German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi´s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. "We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2le6v0Y Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qRbNT9 "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. "Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. For more on Wal-Mart's stock performance vs Amazon, click GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter &amp; Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&amp;G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. "Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. (editing by David Greising and Edward Tobin) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Kim Kardashian flashes her famous curves in figure-hugging black midi dress to take daughter North on ice cream outing for KUWTK scenes Miley Cyrus proudly wears her engagement ring while playing the wholesome surfer girl in new video tribute to hunky fiance Liam Hemsworth  'I actually got confused! Shocked fans go into meltdown after Billie Piper shares a rare picture of her almost identical younger sister Elle Rehab? No thanks! Scott Disick parties with gaggle of blondes amid fears he's 'drinking too much' in wake of Kourtney's new toyboy romance Kourtney Kardashian goes NUDE in pool for photoshoot... while 'jealous' Kylie Jenner and sisters watch on Not an inch of fabric to cover up Worried about beach style this summer? Take inspiration from the A-list and pick the look that works for your personality AND body SPONSORED SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Bethany Platt STABS Gary Windass... while evil boyfriend Nathan prepares to set another vile friend upon her Beanie buddies! Justin Timberlake carries Silas wearing matching skull caps and meets up with Jessica Biel Duo were seen arguing in public last week Strawberry please! North West, three, enjoys ice cream cone on day out with mom Kim Kardashian in LA She turns four next month Peep show! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she wears sheer dress with no bra to Dior show in Los Angeles Beach ballerina! Katy Perry twirls around the sea in blush pink dress on girlie vacation in Mexico  Showcased her stunning physique Solo shopper! Jennifer Aniston enjoys some retail therapy in LA after shooting down any hope of a Friends reunion Spotted loading some new goods into her car  'He wants to kill me... I want to kill him' Aaron Chalmers is involved in heated shoving match with rival Greg Jenkins as they weigh in ahead of MMA debut  'I'm very proud of you': Billie Faiers shows her support for pregnant Ferne McCann... as she prepares to welcome best friend into 'the mummy club' All you need to taste the sunshine is a fork! We show you how to EAT your way around the Mediterranean this summer SPONSORED Pippa Middleton 'asks guests to bring TWO outfits to her wedding' - but are the bride-to-be's growing list of demands becoming a 'tad ridiculous'? I'm a Barbie girl! Blonde Kylie Jenner transforms into a 'plastic and fantastic' living doll for eye-popping new shoot Bright young thing Danniella Westbrook sips a cocktail on a luxurious yacht as she soaks up sun in Spain... after EastEnders SLAM claims she will return to the soap Victoria Beckham looks effortlessly chic as she steps out in New York... after missing out on premiere for husband David's big acting debut in King Arthur Baby-faced raver! Hollyoaks' Tom Cunningham parties in Ibiza as childstar films new scenes for spin off of the Channel 4 soap  Good times Snooze to schmooze! Bella Hadid cuts a tired figure as she touches down in London in bright pink pyjamas before hitting the town in sexy ab-flashing ensemble Booty-ful inside and out! Busty Amber Rose reveals famous derriere in low-cut spandex bodysuit on Instagram Continued to flaunt her body  'I'm single at the moment': One Direction's Niall Horan, 23, says he's in 'no rush' to get into a relationship due to his 'flat out' work schedule Gemma Oaten goes public with new boyfriend Scott Walker at Interlude In Prague premiere in London... following heartbreak over Nick Knowles fling 'They're a bunch of w***ers!' Tommy Mallett and Georgia Kousoulou shock Holly Willoughby by fiercely slamming their TOWIE co-stars on Celebrity Juice Cally-Jane Beech slams 'today's labour procedures' after tough 32-hour birth to welcome daughter Vienna by emergency C-section Revving up! Blac Chyna shares snaps of the $273k red Ferrari she received as a birthay gift... but doesn't reveal who it's from Bright red sportscar Braless Joanna Krupa suffers epic wardrobe malfunction as flashbulbs expose her ample assets and underwear under metallic knitted dress  Tess Daly puts on a leggy display in a zip-up cocktail dress slashed to the thigh as she cosies up to husband Vernon Kay during night out Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley showcases her blossoming baby bump in a figure-hugging black maxi dress as she steps out in Santa Monica Lottie Moss looks sartorially savvy as she flashes her lean legs in tiny shorts and suede jacket for dating app launch In London on Thursday Checkmate! Charli XCX flaunts her washboard abs in quirky batwing crop top and coordinating flares as she enjoys launch party in London Bruce Forsyth's wife Wilnelia, 59, looks timeless in midnight blue ensemble as she makes solo appearance after Strictly legend, 89, was hospitalised 'He's a mini version of ME': Liam Payne claims baby son Bear looks like him during meet or greet with fans... as he shares title and release date of his debut solo single It's Jude 2:0! Law's lookalike son Rafferty cuts a handsome figure as he poses for edgy new Timberland campaign Spitting image Newly-single Vanessa White cosies up to Saturdays bandmate Frankie Bridge's ex Dougie Poynter as they catch up at star-studded hotel launch Dakota Johnson pairs blue-patterned jumpsuit with $190 Gucci plastic slides in Hollywood Has called Gucci designer Alessandro Michele 'a good friend' Focusing on family! Kourtney Kardashian spends time with kids at ice cream museum as 'friends fear ex Scott Disick is spiraling out of control' 'When Virgin don't put your bags on the plane!' Lewis Hamilton looks despondent as he waits for missing luggage 'for over an hour' following flight from Los Angeles Revenge wedding! Emily VanCamp takes to Instagram to announce engagement to Josh Bowman The Canadian actress has her engagement ring 'His loss is tough': Halle Berry posts touching tribute to 'beloved' cat Playdough Posted a tribute to her 'beloved' late cat Playdough 'Did we genuinely miss this?': Eurovision fans left fuming when BBC coverage omits Macedonia contestant's romantic proposal Flocked to Twitter 'Couldn't find one perk in this book': 'Jealous' Harry Styles fans target 1D star's rumoured girlfriend Tess Ward as she receives a string of scathing book reviews Casting her spell! Michelle Pfeiffer, 59, looks enchanting in black pantsuit at the Wizard Of Lies premiere in NYC Knows how to enchant Proving her X Factor! Chloe Paige puts on a leggy display in a plunging gold gown slashed to the thigh as she enjoys night out in London Make-up free Amber Dowding dons skin-tight pink tracksuit as she heads to gym... after TOWIE's Chris Clark dumped Little Mix's Jesy Nelson for her Bring your mum to work day! Jennifer Lopez beams as mother Guadalupe visits her on Shades Of Blue NYC set Gave her a warm hug on the show's set  Giving himself a shake! Nick Jonas slurps protein drink after getting pumped at gym in Los Angeles Showing off his bulging biceps Rosie O'Donnell 'sparks custody battle between her Broadway actress lover and husband' With husband David 'Scott' Schiff  Catherine Tyldesley exudes elegance in a chic Bardot dress as she parties with Corrie co-star Katie McGlynn at perfume bash Looking good Samantha Barks flashes underboob in revealing cut-out LBD as she leads the glamour at premiere of her new film Interlude In Prague A £450,000 collection of designer dresses and £110,000 worth of handbags: Inside Tamara's £1m wardrobe (and what it says about what's inside her head!) Looking Super! Diane Lane joins Faye Dunaway at Paris Can Wait premiere in West Hollywood  It will no doubt be an action extravaganza Adrenaline junkie Tom Cruise can't stop smiling as he races down a Paris street in daring motorbike chase scene for Mission: Impossible 6 Watch this space! Director Ridley Scott brings the Alien saga bursting back to life with hints of his 1979 sci-fi masterpiece  All his hallmarks Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbers had made a previous heist attempt... but were scared off by her husband Kanye West Terrifying ordeal Hugs and kisses! Khloe Kardashian spreads the love with XO sweatshirt as she jets into LA Dressed in head-to-toe camouflage The morning after the knight before! Brooklyn Beckham cuts a trendy figure alongside pal Rocco's girlfriend Kim Turnbull in London... after King Arthur bash 'She had a severe panic attack and collapsed': Stephanie Davis REMAINS in hospital with mystery 'stress-related illness' amid break up   Elisabeth Moss gets VERY steamy with co-star Max Minghella as goes completely NAKED for sex scene in new show The Handmaid's Tale Kylie Jenner goes sporty in crop top as she visits babies with cleft palates during philanthropic Peru trip... after donating $1m for their surgery How I got my Baywatch body back at 49: Donna D'Errico shares more pictures from her extensive plastic surgery transformation  Nicki Minaj and Joe Jonas get close in DNCE's Kissing Strangers music video Rap diva sported a brown-patched bikini top and floral pants  'I was a go-go dancer!': Goldie Hawn reveals she danced on tables for money and took nude photo for Kurt Russell during sexy game with Amy Schumer 'Sincerest regrets': Chanel issues apology after Gabourey Sidibe reveals she was racially profiled at their Chicago boutique  Said sorry Run every town! Jay Z signs massive decade-long $200 million touring contract It seems as though he isn't slowing down anytime soon 'I was asked to do it, and the answer is no': Simon Cowell shuts down any talk of returning for American Idol reboot It's not happening Pregnant Ferne McCann shows off a hint of a bump in chic striped dress as she emerges with a smile on her face... after breaking down in tears live on air Elba's the boss on both sides of the camera: Actor to debut as a director in morality tale movie about a North London drug dealer Starting Monday This Is Us star Chrissy Metz rocks chic LBD as she returns to the red carpet after thanking fans for support following body shaming Unfazed by criticism Sue Perkins and Mel Giedroyc ' frontrunners to host BBC revival of The Generation Game'... months after quitting The Great British Bake Off MasterChef final is tinged with sadness after grandmother who taught contestant to cook sadly dies since it was filmed Last episode   'It affected every part of my life': Jamie O'Hara battled depression after his mother died when he was 17... and sought help because of his sons 'I was sick of taking them': Danniella Westbrook worries fans by admitting she has stopped medication for schizophrenia and clinical depression 'I'm gonna bump you!' Tongue-tied Chris Pratt goes red in the face while playing laugh-out-loud guessing game with Ellen Fits of laughter  Kate Moss and a male pal wear MATCHING khaki jackets in London... after she was left 'pining' for beau Nikolai von Bismark during rehab stint  Gigi Hadid goes casual cool in quirky Tommy Hilfiger jacket on coffee run in New York... and raises eyebrows with new bling on THAT finger 'I feel most confident in the gym': Demi Lovato reveals training MMA is 'definitely therapeutic' as she launches fitness line New range Alexa Chung goes casual chic in oversized sweater and leggings as she enjoys a stroll around New York Showed off her more relaxed style EXCLUSIVE: Attorney lashes out at father of Bella and Gigi Hadid as judge orders him to stand trial and face possible JAIL for illegally built mansion Nephew accused of abusing Katherine Jackson claims she should pay his legal fees as she 'spends thousands every month supporting her children' 'I'm not digging smoking right now': Miley Cyrus QUIT weed because she's 'too busy' to be 'munching at home playing video games' Lana Del Rey swaps glittering gold mini dress for saucy semi-sheer slip in stunning new photo shoot... amid romance rumours with rapper G-Eazy Boxing tale is a thumping tour de force: Jawbone packs an almighty punch, writes BRIAN VINER Stunningly acted, superbly written EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The BBC's King Charles III inevitably contained plenty of howlers  For example, Prince Charles prefers a belt! 'A budget has been set': Highly-anticipated Downton Abbey film is FINALLY 'set to begin shooting this autumn'... two years after its TV finale Lily and the Downton gang head to Guernsey: Actress speaks about her new role playing a war correspondent  Liked the idea of being an independent woman Harry's heading off in all sorts of directions: Eponymous solo debut from the 1D star is an engaging effort, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  New album Picking up the wedding shoes? Spencer Matthews shops with mother Jane ahead of brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton...as flame Vogue is 'banned' Back to her roots! TOWIE'S Megan McKenna returns to her long raven locks after fooling fans with a bright pink wig Brown locks Cara Delevingne sports a bubblegum pink wig as she shoots scenes new film for Life In A Year... before whipping it off to reveal her shaved head 'This isn't about you': Pregnant Ferne McCann trolled by This Morning viewers after breaking down in tears during first TV appearance since acid attack 'I would be mad too if magazines kept trying to keep us apart': Elsa Pataky breaks silence on 'tense' photos with husband Chris Hemsworth Awkward? Thomas Cohen and girlfriend Zoe Sidel cosy up at Tiffany bash... as his ex Daisy Lowe hits the same star-studded party Three's a crowd Tamara Ecclestone reveals her three-year-old daughter sleeps in her bed EVERY night (and insists her husband 'totally gets it') 'Co-sleeping' method 'We're planning something!': Take That are plotting a reunion tour and new music for 30th anniversary... and want Robbie and Jason on board 'I'm aware that it looks like a giant cigarette': Ashley James shows off her sensational figure in a skimpy bikini as she jokes about bizarre throwback holiday snap  Kourtney Kardashian celebrates new beau Younes Bendjima's birthday over dinner...as ex Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking'  Rob Kardashian digs out old pictures to wish Blac Chyna a happy birthday... after skipping her party with family and friends Boris Becker's ex-wife Barbara, 50, flaunts her long legs in fringed mini-dress as she arrives in style for Duftstars awards in Berlin Kim klone! Ashley Graham continues to channel Kardashian's style as she showcases curves in tight-fitting white two-piece and duster coat Shade! Jessica Chastain does epic eye-roll at Johnny Depp's dependence on earpiece while acting Actor 'has a full-time sound engineer'  Geordie Phwoar! Vicky Pattison shows off her legs in a pretty mini dress covered with flora and fauna embroidery for a summery day out  Cute day dress Vogue Williams shows off hr sideboob as she enjoys sunny holiday... after being 'banned' from Spencer Matthews' brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton 'I asked God to heal my son': Goldie Hawn reveals she turned to prayer when her son Oliver nearly died after birth Was taken to the ICU 13 Reasons Why stars Dylan Minnette and Katherine Langford pose for Entertainment Weekly cover...days after season two renewal Kieran Hayler denies claims wife Katie Price is pregnant in irritable cryptic Instagram video... insisting they 'aren't planning any more babies soon' Do I look good in this? Formula 1 champ Lewis Hamilton snaps a quick selfie during fashion photo shoot in Barcelona Looking uber cool  'Mermaid vibes': TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her incredibly tiny waist and darker braided locks as she poses by the sea for stunning bikini snap Sloane Rangers! Lottie Moss rocks ripped jeans and quirky blue shades as she goes shopping on King's Road with MIC's Emily Blackwell In good spirits PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Tamsin Egerton shows off her blooming bump in a tight T-shirt as she gets cosy with boyfriend Josh Hartnett in the park Tyga's mystery girl revealed! Rapper spotted stepping out with gorgeous Brazilian super star Anitta Her real name is Larissa de Macedo Machado Buckle up! Nicole Scherzinger and French Montana step out in matching beige trench coats as they enjoy night out in LA Denied romance  'He needs to go back to rehab': Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking' as Kourtney Kardashian moves on with toyboy model beau Amy Schumer reveals forgetful Kurt Russell was delighted to meet her for the first time... even though they'd already spent a whole evening together 'He's a great barometer for me:' Zac Efron says he looks to younger brother Dylan for dating advice Turns to his 25-year-old sibling for guidance Kesha turns heads in $823 kooky Gucci platforms and floral suit as she leads the style with long-term love Brad Ashenfelter at star-studded LA premiere This Is Us star Chrissy Metz thanks fans for 'love and support' after getting body shamed for wearing PVC dress to MTV Movie & TV Awards She wore a minidress 'My daily fix of puppy breath': January Jones cuddles up to new fluffy pet pooch Joey Shared a picture snuggled up to her pet pooch 'I never get on a scale!' Curvaceous model Kate Upton reveals she won't go on any crazy diets before wedding to Justin Verlander Not happening Leggy Adriana Lima risks a wardrobe malfunction in sizzling slashed gown while headed to NYC shoot Victoria's Secret Angel was red hot This is the life! Roxanne Pallett is in great spirits in sporty bikini during Portugal getaway... after dramatically leaving The Wedding Singer musical Yo-yo dieter Kirstie Alley indulges in ice cream and cigarette as she makes a Dairy Queen pit stop Treated themselves at a Florida truck stop What's in a name? Beyonce and Jay Z challenged AGAIN over second attempt to trademark Blue Ivy Carter Stranglehold The Fantastic Mr Bonneville: Downton Abbey star Hugh is to portray beloved children's author Roald Dahl in new biopic Coming soon 'A crew of forty, four survivors... ONE distress call': Bill is in mortal danger as Doctor Who confronts dozens of terrifying space zombies Nicole Kidman looks almost unrecognisable in trailer for Top of the Lake: China Girl sporting a grey wig and freckled complexion Who's that girl? That's hardly royal china! Jenna Coleman is a very modern queen as she carries disposable coffee cup while on Victoria set with real-life beau Tom Hughes Her royal cryness! Overwhelmed little boy bursts into tears after meeting Kate in Luxembourg on the latest leg of the royals' Brexit charm offensive Prince Charles reveals his desire to strengthen Britain's 'special relationship' with Ireland - 40 years after his 'honorary grandfather' was killed by the IRA Two houses united in grief: Swedish royals pay their respects to the king's brother-in-law as the Spanish monarchy send off the late Duchess of Calabria The couple that sweats together...! Ivanka Trump and husband Jared Kushner put on a sporty show as they return home after gym session and coffee run 'He's a fraud, and can't cook': Jamie Oliver's calls to bring in a sugar tax to limit obesity is slammed by Australian breakfast TV host Mark Latham 'I wouldn't mind meeting her': Richard Wilkins says he would like 'to have a coffee' with Caitlyn Jenner after she propositioned for a date Made In Chelsea's Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo shows off her pins in a frilled suede skirt as she spends the afternoon frolicking with an array of adorable dogs Coral Queen! Maxima wears a vibrant orange number to welcome the President of Costa Rica to the Netherlands - hours after partying with European royals in Oslo Red hot! Holly Hagan flaunts her ample assets and enviable curves in sizzling in swimsuit in saucy Instagram snap Ex Geordie Shore star Beloved Catweazle and Worzel Gummidge actor Geoffrey Bayldon dies at home at 93 after battling respiratory problems  Beloved British actor Three's a crowd? Newly-single Cara De La Hoyde sizzles in a gold bikini as she eases her heartache in Cape Verde with Alex Bowen and Olivia Buckland He's got a type! Newly-single Tyga enjoys intimate dinner with a mystery girl in LA... who is the spitting image of his rumoured love interest Jordan Ozuna 'She burst into tears!' Busy Philipps surprises mom by wearing wedding dress for parents' 50th anniversary celebration On a Disney cruise Just the two of us! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego leave their boys at home as they share some quality time together Out and about My Modern arrangement: Ariel Winter, 19, reveals her new boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, has moved into her home Going strong  Don't call me Lady Gaga! Singer Stefani Germanotta drops famous stage name for A Star Is Born Reinventing her over-the-top image 'We were invited back to his dressing room...': Petula Clark claims she was propositioned for a THREESOME by Elvis with fellow singer Karen Carpenter Adriana Lima appears to take aim at ex Matt Harvey following booze bender just days after model ditched him and 'rekindled romance with Julian Edelman'  For the Love of fashion: Courtney flaunts her shapely legs in a chic shift dress and pussybow blouse at Cini party in Venice Not her rock chick self Competing with A-Rod? Jennifer Lopez shows off athletic physique in track jacket and clinging tights as she heads to gym in New York Breakaway! American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson set to join rival talent show The Voice... despite singing competition show's ABC return 'People want to create drama!' Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest have been 'transparent'... amid rumors American Idol return will create 'situation' Glam Salma Hayek showcases her enviable style in sizzling pink midi dress as she enjoys a romantic evening with François-Henri Pinault at Cini party in Venice Jingle Bell! Kristen gets animated with Mila Kunis on the Georgia set of A Bad Moms Christmas Was spotted gating rather worked up Young beauty Kaia Gerber, 15, displays striking resemblance to model mother Cindy Crawford, 51, as they enjoy low-key family dinner together in LA The boys are back in town! Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom are mobbed by fans as they hit the world premiere of new Pirates Of The Caribbean film The ultimate troll? Bow Wow claims there's a 'scientific method to his madness' attempting to suggest he purposely did the fake private jet post 'I was never afraid to be a provocative woman': Missy Elliott rocks Marc Jacobs track suit as she reveals inspiration for iconic outfits 'We make decisions as parents now': John Legend reveals he and Chrissy Teigen haven't exposed baby Luna to 'entertainment' yet Protective parents Performing with Glee: Lea Michele wows in plunging grey floral gown with sexy thigh-split as she shows off her dulcet tones at San Francisco gig In a tight spot! Lily James struggles to hold up her stockings and suspenders as she wears 40s costume to film Guernsey scenes on the beach WAG Camille Sold steps out with footballer fiance Morgan Schneiderlin in matching Adidas... paying homage to her past as a sports shop assistant Lily Collins jazzes up her casual jeans with glamorous slick of scarlet lipstick as she catches up with a gal pal over dinner in LA Looked truly stunning Looking fedorable! Drew Barrymore rocks a maroon hat as she channels a flower-power vibe to hail a cab Hailing a cab in New York City 'I truly can't believe it - double digits!' Donald Trump Jr's 'little girl' Kai celebrates 10th birthday alongside her parents, friends, and her aunt Tiffany Action girl! Tom Cruise checks out Mission Impossible 6 co-star Rebecca Ferguson on location in Paris as she struts around him sleek biker leathers Bold look! Charli XCX flaunts her ample cleavage in plunging black bra as she arrives at BBC studios in London Loves a racy ensemble Adrienne Bailon almost falls out of her bizarre one-sleeved shirt on date night with husband  Stepped out to celebrate their friends' birthday 'It's hard to accept help': Made In Chelsea stars Natalie Joel and Lauren Hutton reveal they have battled eating disorders and depression  'He's a talented actor!': Guy Ritchie defends casting David Beckham in King Arthur... but the former footballer insists 'won't be pursuing acting' after backlash Brooklyn Beckham tags along with pal Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull at star-studded King Arthur after-party... but where's dad David? Off-duty chic! Rose Byrne shows off style credentials in layered ensemble as she runs errands in New York Perfected the off-duty look  'My dad is still very much my mum's soulmate': Bindi Irwin breaks her silence on rumours her mother Terri is 'in love' with actor Russell Crowe Carol Vorderman leads outrage as ITV show Benidorm airs 'highly offensive' cleft lip joke which has sparkled 118 complaints to Ofcom Viewers weren't amused Bella Thorne debuts her mermaid curls as she displays her enviably toned physique in a patterned sports bra and cropped tracksuit bottoms On jolly good form! The Queen can't hide her delight as her horse wins a prestigious cup at the Windsor show The monarch wrapped up warm  Don't forget the price tag! Kerry Katona makes embarrassing faux pas as she displays toned pins in denim hot pants on Instagram  Showing them how it's done! BNTM judge Abbey Clancy strips down to a bikini as she cavorts with contestants on yacht for swimwear challenge 'She's the apple of our eyes': Poppy Delevingne insists she is not jealous of sister Cara... admitting supermodel was always destined for greatness Pure and simple: Myleene Klass looks effortlessly cool in a plunging floral maxi dress with sexy thigh-split as she heads to radio studios Cheeky! Kylie Jenner wears nothing but a bra and thong as she shows off generous derriere and ample assets in revealing social media snap 'I screamed and cried through the whole first viewing': Heath Ledger's sister Kate talks about seeing her brother's unseen footage in new documentary Sealed with a kiss!  Kate Hudson locks lips with new musician beau Danny Fujikawa as they make red carpet debut at Snatched premiere It's official 'She died with zero in the bank!' Ex-EastEnder John Partridge reveals his beloved mother has passed away... following his decision to do CBB to fund £45k care costs Peter Andre shares his experience with aliens on This Morning... after landing first movie role in Hollywood thriller The Undoing Bagged new movie role Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Exclusive: Aldi raises stakes in US price war with Wal-Mart Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Exclusive: Aldi raises stakes in US price war with Wal-Mart Advertisement Business Exclusive: Aldi raises stakes in US price war with Wal-Mart German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. A lady shops at Aldi, a retail grocery store chain in Wheaton, Illinois, U.S., April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Nandita Bose 3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery. 11 May 2017 01:20PM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail WHEATON, Ill.: German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi has set a minimum target of selling groceries at a 21 percent discount to its U.S. rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc , Chief Executive Jason Hart told Reuters. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending US$1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. "We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Advertisement Advertisement Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about US$6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2le6v0Y Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qRbNT9 "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. "Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. For more on Wal-Mart's stock performance vs Amazon, click GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Hart said Aldi's internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals and the discount retailer intends to keep the advantage at least that strong going forward. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble , Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. "Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to US$300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. Graphic: New Neighbors - Aldi and Wal-Mart: http://tmsnrt.rs/2r3UfnF Graphic: Wal-Mart's pricing test - http://tmsnrt.rs/2pzLdgb (editing by David Greising and Edward Tobin) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart By Reuters Published: 01:01 EDT, 11 May 2017 | Updated: 01:02 EDT, 11 May 2017 e-mail By Nandita Bose WHEATON, Ill., May 11 (Reuters) - German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi has set a minimum target of selling groceries at a 21 percent discount to its U.S. rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Chief Executive Jason Hart told Reuters. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. "We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2le6v0Y Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qRbNT9 "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. "Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. For more on Wal-Mart's stock performance vs Amazon, click GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Hart said Aldi's internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals and the discount retailer intends to keep the advantage at least that strong going forward. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter &amp; Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&amp;G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. "Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. (editing by David Greising and Edward Tobin) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Kim Kardashian flashes her famous curves in figure-hugging black midi dress to take daughter North on ice cream outing for KUWTK scenes Miley Cyrus proudly wears her engagement ring while playing the wholesome surfer girl in new video tribute to hunky fiance Liam Hemsworth  'I actually got confused! Shocked fans go into meltdown after Billie Piper shares a rare picture of her almost identical younger sister Elle Rehab? No thanks! Scott Disick parties with gaggle of blondes amid fears he's 'drinking too much' in wake of Kourtney's new toyboy romance Kourtney Kardashian goes NUDE in pool for photoshoot... while 'jealous' Kylie Jenner and sisters watch on Not an inch of fabric to cover up Worried about beach style this summer? Take inspiration from the A-list and pick the look that works for your personality AND body SPONSORED SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Bethany Platt STABS Gary Windass... while evil boyfriend Nathan prepares to set another vile friend upon her Beanie buddies! Justin Timberlake carries Silas wearing matching skull caps and meets up with Jessica Biel Duo were seen arguing in public last week Strawberry please! North West, three, enjoys ice cream cone on day out with mom Kim Kardashian in LA She turns four next month Peep show! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she wears sheer dress with no bra to Dior show in Los Angeles Beach ballerina! Katy Perry twirls around the sea in blush pink dress on girlie vacation in Mexico  Showcased her stunning physique Solo shopper! Jennifer Aniston enjoys some retail therapy in LA after shooting down any hope of a Friends reunion Spotted loading some new goods into her car  'He wants to kill me... I want to kill him' Aaron Chalmers is involved in heated shoving match with rival Greg Jenkins as they weigh in ahead of MMA debut  'I'm very proud of you': Billie Faiers shows her support for pregnant Ferne McCann... as she prepares to welcome best friend into 'the mummy club' All you need to taste the sunshine is a fork! We show you how to EAT your way around the Mediterranean this summer SPONSORED Pippa Middleton 'asks guests to bring TWO outfits to her wedding' - but are the bride-to-be's growing list of demands becoming a 'tad ridiculous'? I'm a Barbie girl! Blonde Kylie Jenner transforms into a 'plastic and fantastic' living doll for eye-popping new shoot Bright young thing Danniella Westbrook sips a cocktail on a luxurious yacht as she soaks up sun in Spain... after EastEnders SLAM claims she will return to the soap Victoria Beckham looks effortlessly chic as she steps out in New York... after missing out on premiere for husband David's big acting debut in King Arthur Baby-faced raver! Hollyoaks' Tom Cunningham parties in Ibiza as childstar films new scenes for spin off of the Channel 4 soap  Good times Snooze to schmooze! Bella Hadid cuts a tired figure as she touches down in London in bright pink pyjamas before hitting the town in sexy ab-flashing ensemble Booty-ful inside and out! Busty Amber Rose reveals famous derriere in low-cut spandex bodysuit on Instagram Continued to flaunt her body  'I'm single at the moment': One Direction's Niall Horan, 23, says he's in 'no rush' to get into a relationship due to his 'flat out' work schedule Gemma Oaten goes public with new boyfriend Scott Walker at Interlude In Prague premiere in London... following heartbreak over Nick Knowles fling 'They're a bunch of w***ers!' Tommy Mallett and Georgia Kousoulou shock Holly Willoughby by fiercely slamming their TOWIE co-stars on Celebrity Juice Cally-Jane Beech slams 'today's labour procedures' after tough 32-hour birth to welcome daughter Vienna by emergency C-section Revving up! Blac Chyna shares snaps of the $273k red Ferrari she received as a birthay gift... but doesn't reveal who it's from Bright red sportscar Braless Joanna Krupa suffers epic wardrobe malfunction as flashbulbs expose her ample assets and underwear under metallic knitted dress  Tess Daly puts on a leggy display in a zip-up cocktail dress slashed to the thigh as she cosies up to husband Vernon Kay during night out Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley showcases her blossoming baby bump in a figure-hugging black maxi dress as she steps out in Santa Monica Lottie Moss looks sartorially savvy as she flashes her lean legs in tiny shorts and suede jacket for dating app launch In London on Thursday Checkmate! Charli XCX flaunts her washboard abs in quirky batwing crop top and coordinating flares as she enjoys launch party in London Bruce Forsyth's wife Wilnelia, 59, looks timeless in midnight blue ensemble as she makes solo appearance after Strictly legend, 89, was hospitalised 'He's a mini version of ME': Liam Payne claims baby son Bear looks like him during meet or greet with fans... as he shares title and release date of his debut solo single It's Jude 2:0! Law's lookalike son Rafferty cuts a handsome figure as he poses for edgy new Timberland campaign Spitting image Newly-single Vanessa White cosies up to Saturdays bandmate Frankie Bridge's ex Dougie Poynter as they catch up at star-studded hotel launch Dakota Johnson pairs blue-patterned jumpsuit with $190 Gucci plastic slides in Hollywood Has called Gucci designer Alessandro Michele 'a good friend' Focusing on family! Kourtney Kardashian spends time with kids at ice cream museum as 'friends fear ex Scott Disick is spiraling out of control' 'When Virgin don't put your bags on the plane!' Lewis Hamilton looks despondent as he waits for missing luggage 'for over an hour' following flight from Los Angeles Revenge wedding! Emily VanCamp takes to Instagram to announce engagement to Josh Bowman The Canadian actress has her engagement ring 'His loss is tough': Halle Berry posts touching tribute to 'beloved' cat Playdough Posted a tribute to her 'beloved' late cat Playdough 'Did we genuinely miss this?': Eurovision fans left fuming when BBC coverage omits Macedonia contestant's romantic proposal Flocked to Twitter 'Couldn't find one perk in this book': 'Jealous' Harry Styles fans target 1D star's rumoured girlfriend Tess Ward as she receives a string of scathing book reviews Casting her spell! Michelle Pfeiffer, 59, looks enchanting in black pantsuit at the Wizard Of Lies premiere in NYC Knows how to enchant Proving her X Factor! Chloe Paige puts on a leggy display in a plunging gold gown slashed to the thigh as she enjoys night out in London Make-up free Amber Dowding dons skin-tight pink tracksuit as she heads to gym... after TOWIE's Chris Clark dumped Little Mix's Jesy Nelson for her Bring your mum to work day! Jennifer Lopez beams as mother Guadalupe visits her on Shades Of Blue NYC set Gave her a warm hug on the show's set  Giving himself a shake! Nick Jonas slurps protein drink after getting pumped at gym in Los Angeles Showing off his bulging biceps Rosie O'Donnell 'sparks custody battle between her Broadway actress lover and husband' With husband David 'Scott' Schiff  Catherine Tyldesley exudes elegance in a chic Bardot dress as she parties with Corrie co-star Katie McGlynn at perfume bash Looking good Samantha Barks flashes underboob in revealing cut-out LBD as she leads the glamour at premiere of her new film Interlude In Prague A £450,000 collection of designer dresses and £110,000 worth of handbags: Inside Tamara's £1m wardrobe (and what it says about what's inside her head!) Looking Super! Diane Lane joins Faye Dunaway at Paris Can Wait premiere in West Hollywood  It will no doubt be an action extravaganza Adrenaline junkie Tom Cruise can't stop smiling as he races down a Paris street in daring motorbike chase scene for Mission: Impossible 6 Watch this space! Director Ridley Scott brings the Alien saga bursting back to life with hints of his 1979 sci-fi masterpiece  All his hallmarks Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbers had made a previous heist attempt... but were scared off by her husband Kanye West Terrifying ordeal Hugs and kisses! Khloe Kardashian spreads the love with XO sweatshirt as she jets into LA Dressed in head-to-toe camouflage The morning after the knight before! Brooklyn Beckham cuts a trendy figure alongside pal Rocco's girlfriend Kim Turnbull in London... after King Arthur bash 'She had a severe panic attack and collapsed': Stephanie Davis REMAINS in hospital with mystery 'stress-related illness' amid break up   Elisabeth Moss gets VERY steamy with co-star Max Minghella as goes completely NAKED for sex scene in new show The Handmaid's Tale Kylie Jenner goes sporty in crop top as she visits babies with cleft palates during philanthropic Peru trip... after donating $1m for their surgery How I got my Baywatch body back at 49: Donna D'Errico shares more pictures from her extensive plastic surgery transformation  Nicki Minaj and Joe Jonas get close in DNCE's Kissing Strangers music video Rap diva sported a brown-patched bikini top and floral pants  'I was a go-go dancer!': Goldie Hawn reveals she danced on tables for money and took nude photo for Kurt Russell during sexy game with Amy Schumer 'Sincerest regrets': Chanel issues apology after Gabourey Sidibe reveals she was racially profiled at their Chicago boutique  Said sorry Run every town! Jay Z signs massive decade-long $200 million touring contract It seems as though he isn't slowing down anytime soon 'I was asked to do it, and the answer is no': Simon Cowell shuts down any talk of returning for American Idol reboot It's not happening Pregnant Ferne McCann shows off a hint of a bump in chic striped dress as she emerges with a smile on her face... after breaking down in tears live on air Elba's the boss on both sides of the camera: Actor to debut as a director in morality tale movie about a North London drug dealer Starting Monday This Is Us star Chrissy Metz rocks chic LBD as she returns to the red carpet after thanking fans for support following body shaming Unfazed by criticism Sue Perkins and Mel Giedroyc ' frontrunners to host BBC revival of The Generation Game'... months after quitting The Great British Bake Off MasterChef final is tinged with sadness after grandmother who taught contestant to cook sadly dies since it was filmed Last episode   'It affected every part of my life': Jamie O'Hara battled depression after his mother died when he was 17... and sought help because of his sons 'I was sick of taking them': Danniella Westbrook worries fans by admitting she has stopped medication for schizophrenia and clinical depression 'I'm gonna bump you!' Tongue-tied Chris Pratt goes red in the face while playing laugh-out-loud guessing game with Ellen Fits of laughter  Kate Moss and a male pal wear MATCHING khaki jackets in London... after she was left 'pining' for beau Nikolai von Bismark during rehab stint  Gigi Hadid goes casual cool in quirky Tommy Hilfiger jacket on coffee run in New York... and raises eyebrows with new bling on THAT finger 'I feel most confident in the gym': Demi Lovato reveals training MMA is 'definitely therapeutic' as she launches fitness line New range Alexa Chung goes casual chic in oversized sweater and leggings as she enjoys a stroll around New York Showed off her more relaxed style EXCLUSIVE: Attorney lashes out at father of Bella and Gigi Hadid as judge orders him to stand trial and face possible JAIL for illegally built mansion Nephew accused of abusing Katherine Jackson claims she should pay his legal fees as she 'spends thousands every month supporting her children' 'I'm not digging smoking right now': Miley Cyrus QUIT weed because she's 'too busy' to be 'munching at home playing video games' Lana Del Rey swaps glittering gold mini dress for saucy semi-sheer slip in stunning new photo shoot... amid romance rumours with rapper G-Eazy Boxing tale is a thumping tour de force: Jawbone packs an almighty punch, writes BRIAN VINER Stunningly acted, superbly written EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The BBC's King Charles III inevitably contained plenty of howlers  For example, Prince Charles prefers a belt! 'A budget has been set': Highly-anticipated Downton Abbey film is FINALLY 'set to begin shooting this autumn'... two years after its TV finale Lily and the Downton gang head to Guernsey: Actress speaks about her new role playing a war correspondent  Liked the idea of being an independent woman Harry's heading off in all sorts of directions: Eponymous solo debut from the 1D star is an engaging effort, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  New album Picking up the wedding shoes? Spencer Matthews shops with mother Jane ahead of brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton...as flame Vogue is 'banned' Back to her roots! TOWIE'S Megan McKenna returns to her long raven locks after fooling fans with a bright pink wig Brown locks Cara Delevingne sports a bubblegum pink wig as she shoots scenes new film for Life In A Year... before whipping it off to reveal her shaved head 'This isn't about you': Pregnant Ferne McCann trolled by This Morning viewers after breaking down in tears during first TV appearance since acid attack 'I would be mad too if magazines kept trying to keep us apart': Elsa Pataky breaks silence on 'tense' photos with husband Chris Hemsworth Awkward? Thomas Cohen and girlfriend Zoe Sidel cosy up at Tiffany bash... as his ex Daisy Lowe hits the same star-studded party Three's a crowd Tamara Ecclestone reveals her three-year-old daughter sleeps in her bed EVERY night (and insists her husband 'totally gets it') 'Co-sleeping' method 'We're planning something!': Take That are plotting a reunion tour and new music for 30th anniversary... and want Robbie and Jason on board 'I'm aware that it looks like a giant cigarette': Ashley James shows off her sensational figure in a skimpy bikini as she jokes about bizarre throwback holiday snap  Kourtney Kardashian celebrates new beau Younes Bendjima's birthday over dinner...as ex Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking'  Rob Kardashian digs out old pictures to wish Blac Chyna a happy birthday... after skipping her party with family and friends Boris Becker's ex-wife Barbara, 50, flaunts her long legs in fringed mini-dress as she arrives in style for Duftstars awards in Berlin Kim klone! Ashley Graham continues to channel Kardashian's style as she showcases curves in tight-fitting white two-piece and duster coat Shade! Jessica Chastain does epic eye-roll at Johnny Depp's dependence on earpiece while acting Actor 'has a full-time sound engineer'  Geordie Phwoar! Vicky Pattison shows off her legs in a pretty mini dress covered with flora and fauna embroidery for a summery day out  Cute day dress Vogue Williams shows off hr sideboob as she enjoys sunny holiday... after being 'banned' from Spencer Matthews' brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton 'I asked God to heal my son': Goldie Hawn reveals she turned to prayer when her son Oliver nearly died after birth Was taken to the ICU 13 Reasons Why stars Dylan Minnette and Katherine Langford pose for Entertainment Weekly cover...days after season two renewal Kieran Hayler denies claims wife Katie Price is pregnant in irritable cryptic Instagram video... insisting they 'aren't planning any more babies soon' Do I look good in this? Formula 1 champ Lewis Hamilton snaps a quick selfie during fashion photo shoot in Barcelona Looking uber cool  'Mermaid vibes': TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her incredibly tiny waist and darker braided locks as she poses by the sea for stunning bikini snap Sloane Rangers! Lottie Moss rocks ripped jeans and quirky blue shades as she goes shopping on King's Road with MIC's Emily Blackwell In good spirits PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Tamsin Egerton shows off her blooming bump in a tight T-shirt as she gets cosy with boyfriend Josh Hartnett in the park Tyga's mystery girl revealed! Rapper spotted stepping out with gorgeous Brazilian super star Anitta Her real name is Larissa de Macedo Machado Buckle up! Nicole Scherzinger and French Montana step out in matching beige trench coats as they enjoy night out in LA Denied romance  'He needs to go back to rehab': Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking' as Kourtney Kardashian moves on with toyboy model beau Amy Schumer reveals forgetful Kurt Russell was delighted to meet her for the first time... even though they'd already spent a whole evening together 'He's a great barometer for me:' Zac Efron says he looks to younger brother Dylan for dating advice Turns to his 25-year-old sibling for guidance Kesha turns heads in $823 kooky Gucci platforms and floral suit as she leads the style with long-term love Brad Ashenfelter at star-studded LA premiere This Is Us star Chrissy Metz thanks fans for 'love and support' after getting body shamed for wearing PVC dress to MTV Movie & TV Awards She wore a minidress 'My daily fix of puppy breath': January Jones cuddles up to new fluffy pet pooch Joey Shared a picture snuggled up to her pet pooch 'I never get on a scale!' Curvaceous model Kate Upton reveals she won't go on any crazy diets before wedding to Justin Verlander Not happening Leggy Adriana Lima risks a wardrobe malfunction in sizzling slashed gown while headed to NYC shoot Victoria's Secret Angel was red hot This is the life! Roxanne Pallett is in great spirits in sporty bikini during Portugal getaway... after dramatically leaving The Wedding Singer musical Yo-yo dieter Kirstie Alley indulges in ice cream and cigarette as she makes a Dairy Queen pit stop Treated themselves at a Florida truck stop What's in a name? Beyonce and Jay Z challenged AGAIN over second attempt to trademark Blue Ivy Carter Stranglehold The Fantastic Mr Bonneville: Downton Abbey star Hugh is to portray beloved children's author Roald Dahl in new biopic Coming soon 'A crew of forty, four survivors... ONE distress call': Bill is in mortal danger as Doctor Who confronts dozens of terrifying space zombies Nicole Kidman looks almost unrecognisable in trailer for Top of the Lake: China Girl sporting a grey wig and freckled complexion Who's that girl? That's hardly royal china! Jenna Coleman is a very modern queen as she carries disposable coffee cup while on Victoria set with real-life beau Tom Hughes Her royal cryness! Overwhelmed little boy bursts into tears after meeting Kate in Luxembourg on the latest leg of the royals' Brexit charm offensive Prince Charles reveals his desire to strengthen Britain's 'special relationship' with Ireland - 40 years after his 'honorary grandfather' was killed by the IRA Two houses united in grief: Swedish royals pay their respects to the king's brother-in-law as the Spanish monarchy send off the late Duchess of Calabria The couple that sweats together...! Ivanka Trump and husband Jared Kushner put on a sporty show as they return home after gym session and coffee run 'He's a fraud, and can't cook': Jamie Oliver's calls to bring in a sugar tax to limit obesity is slammed by Australian breakfast TV host Mark Latham 'I wouldn't mind meeting her': Richard Wilkins says he would like 'to have a coffee' with Caitlyn Jenner after she propositioned for a date Made In Chelsea's Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo shows off her pins in a frilled suede skirt as she spends the afternoon frolicking with an array of adorable dogs Coral Queen! Maxima wears a vibrant orange number to welcome the President of Costa Rica to the Netherlands - hours after partying with European royals in Oslo Red hot! Holly Hagan flaunts her ample assets and enviable curves in sizzling in swimsuit in saucy Instagram snap Ex Geordie Shore star Beloved Catweazle and Worzel Gummidge actor Geoffrey Bayldon dies at home at 93 after battling respiratory problems  Beloved British actor Three's a crowd? Newly-single Cara De La Hoyde sizzles in a gold bikini as she eases her heartache in Cape Verde with Alex Bowen and Olivia Buckland He's got a type! Newly-single Tyga enjoys intimate dinner with a mystery girl in LA... who is the spitting image of his rumoured love interest Jordan Ozuna 'She burst into tears!' Busy Philipps surprises mom by wearing wedding dress for parents' 50th anniversary celebration On a Disney cruise Just the two of us! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego leave their boys at home as they share some quality time together Out and about My Modern arrangement: Ariel Winter, 19, reveals her new boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, has moved into her home Going strong  Don't call me Lady Gaga! Singer Stefani Germanotta drops famous stage name for A Star Is Born Reinventing her over-the-top image 'We were invited back to his dressing room...': Petula Clark claims she was propositioned for a THREESOME by Elvis with fellow singer Karen Carpenter Adriana Lima appears to take aim at ex Matt Harvey following booze bender just days after model ditched him and 'rekindled romance with Julian Edelman'  For the Love of fashion: Courtney flaunts her shapely legs in a chic shift dress and pussybow blouse at Cini party in Venice Not her rock chick self Competing with A-Rod? Jennifer Lopez shows off athletic physique in track jacket and clinging tights as she heads to gym in New York Breakaway! American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson set to join rival talent show The Voice... despite singing competition show's ABC return 'People want to create drama!' Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest have been 'transparent'... amid rumors American Idol return will create 'situation' Glam Salma Hayek showcases her enviable style in sizzling pink midi dress as she enjoys a romantic evening with François-Henri Pinault at Cini party in Venice Jingle Bell! Kristen gets animated with Mila Kunis on the Georgia set of A Bad Moms Christmas Was spotted gating rather worked up Young beauty Kaia Gerber, 15, displays striking resemblance to model mother Cindy Crawford, 51, as they enjoy low-key family dinner together in LA The boys are back in town! Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom are mobbed by fans as they hit the world premiere of new Pirates Of The Caribbean film The ultimate troll? Bow Wow claims there's a 'scientific method to his madness' attempting to suggest he purposely did the fake private jet post 'I was never afraid to be a provocative woman': Missy Elliott rocks Marc Jacobs track suit as she reveals inspiration for iconic outfits 'We make decisions as parents now': John Legend reveals he and Chrissy Teigen haven't exposed baby Luna to 'entertainment' yet Protective parents Performing with Glee: Lea Michele wows in plunging grey floral gown with sexy thigh-split as she shows off her dulcet tones at San Francisco gig In a tight spot! Lily James struggles to hold up her stockings and suspenders as she wears 40s costume to film Guernsey scenes on the beach WAG Camille Sold steps out with footballer fiance Morgan Schneiderlin in matching Adidas... paying homage to her past as a sports shop assistant Lily Collins jazzes up her casual jeans with glamorous slick of scarlet lipstick as she catches up with a gal pal over dinner in LA Looked truly stunning Looking fedorable! Drew Barrymore rocks a maroon hat as she channels a flower-power vibe to hail a cab Hailing a cab in New York City 'I truly can't believe it - double digits!' Donald Trump Jr's 'little girl' Kai celebrates 10th birthday alongside her parents, friends, and her aunt Tiffany Action girl! Tom Cruise checks out Mission Impossible 6 co-star Rebecca Ferguson on location in Paris as she struts around him sleek biker leathers Bold look! Charli XCX flaunts her ample cleavage in plunging black bra as she arrives at BBC studios in London Loves a racy ensemble Adrienne Bailon almost falls out of her bizarre one-sleeved shirt on date night with husband  Stepped out to celebrate their friends' birthday 'It's hard to accept help': Made In Chelsea stars Natalie Joel and Lauren Hutton reveal they have battled eating disorders and depression  'He's a talented actor!': Guy Ritchie defends casting David Beckham in King Arthur... but the former footballer insists 'won't be pursuing acting' after backlash Brooklyn Beckham tags along with pal Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull at star-studded King Arthur after-party... but where's dad David? Off-duty chic! Rose Byrne shows off style credentials in layered ensemble as she runs errands in New York Perfected the off-duty look  'My dad is still very much my mum's soulmate': Bindi Irwin breaks her silence on rumours her mother Terri is 'in love' with actor Russell Crowe Carol Vorderman leads outrage as ITV show Benidorm airs 'highly offensive' cleft lip joke which has sparkled 118 complaints to Ofcom Viewers weren't amused Bella Thorne debuts her mermaid curls as she displays her enviably toned physique in a patterned sports bra and cropped tracksuit bottoms On jolly good form! The Queen can't hide her delight as her horse wins a prestigious cup at the Windsor show The monarch wrapped up warm  Don't forget the price tag! Kerry Katona makes embarrassing faux pas as she displays toned pins in denim hot pants on Instagram  Showing them how it's done! BNTM judge Abbey Clancy strips down to a bikini as she cavorts with contestants on yacht for swimwear challenge 'She's the apple of our eyes': Poppy Delevingne insists she is not jealous of sister Cara... admitting supermodel was always destined for greatness Pure and simple: Myleene Klass looks effortlessly cool in a plunging floral maxi dress with sexy thigh-split as she heads to radio studios Cheeky! Kylie Jenner wears nothing but a bra and thong as she shows off generous derriere and ample assets in revealing social media snap 'I screamed and cried through the whole first viewing': Heath Ledger's sister Kate talks about seeing her brother's unseen footage in new documentary Sealed with a kiss!  Kate Hudson locks lips with new musician beau Danny Fujikawa as they make red carpet debut at Snatched premiere It's official 'She died with zero in the bank!' Ex-EastEnder John Partridge reveals his beloved mother has passed away... following his decision to do CBB to fund £45k care costs Peter Andre shares his experience with aliens on This Morning... after landing first movie role in Hollywood thriller The Undoing Bagged new movie role Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 14/0 (11) - PAK 376/10 (146.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kapil Mishra Emmanuel Macron Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Bahubali 2 News Business News EXCLUSIVE-Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart Shares1 Thu, 11 May 2017-10:37am , Reuters German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi has set a minimum target of selling groceries at a 21 percent discount to its U.S. rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Chief Executive Jason Hart told Reuters. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. "We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2le6v0Y Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qRbNT9 "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. "Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. For more on Wal-Mart's stock performance vs Amazon, click GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Hart said Aldi's internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals and the discount retailer intends to keep the advantage at least that strong going forward. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. "Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. (editing by David Greising and Edward Tobin) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < Renault Duster fails crash test, acquires zero stars for adult protection   Comments   Also Read Money It's a dog's world Money RInfra wins Rs 2,950 cr in arbitration against DMRC, to pare debt Money CEA questions rating agencies' double standards on India, China Money SBI to charge for ATM withdrawals via e-wallets Money Flipkart, Snapdeal to sign LoI for merger next week Money Softbank gets nod from co-investor Nexus for selling Snapdeal to Flipkart Next Article > 37 million painkilling pills from India seized in Italy, were meant for IS terrorists in Libya < Previous ArticleNext Article > Renault Duster fails crash test, acquires zero stars for adult protection Live Cricket Score Live WI 14/0 (11) PAK 376/10 (146.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary Ireland vs Bangladesh Fri, 12 May 2017, 03:15 PM IST Next node 37 million painkilling pills from India seized in Italy, were meant for IS terrorists in Libya Related Wal-Mart to shut 269 stores, 154 of them in the US Video WATCH: DNA plays Antakshari with Meri Pyaari Bindu stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Parineeti Chopra Watch: Adorable reaction of school friends to 7-year-old Anu's new pink blade prosthetic leg WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic View all Tags Doug McMillon Lidl Procter & Gamble Unilever Florida Texas United States Wal-Mart Stores Inc Jason Hart Amazon Fresh Scott Mushkin Wal-Mart U. S. Wheaton Wolfe Research com Inc SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News France's Macron open to talks with willing conservatives Kapil Mishra's mother accuses Kejriwal of spreading lies US think-tank launches web portal to track Indian states Uphaar fire: HC upholds tampering charge against Ansals Direct AI flights between Colombo and Varanasi from Aug: Modi Sport SHOWCASE-Soccer-Hull's last games like 'Champions League finals' Sakshi Malik enters finals at Asian Wrestling Championship Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, May 12 Madrid Open: World no.1 Andy Murray sent packing by unseeded Borna Coric, Novak Djokovic reaches quarters NSW cricketer Ryan Carters announces retirement at 26! Entertainment Lucky to be chosen for 'Fantastic Beasts..': Johnny Depp Salman Khan's 'Tubelight': Check out the poster of 'The Radio Song'! Stephen Colbert responds to Trump's 'No-Talent' criticism 'I Win!' The Chainsmokers, Halsey to perform at Billboard Music Awards Jackie Chan, Sylvester Stallone team up for action movie Money India will clock over 7.5% growth in 2017-18: Fin Secy Ashok GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares retreat, but on track for winning week April CPI inflation to slip to 3.2% from 3.8% in Mar: BofA-ML Sensex off record highs, down 52 points in late morning trade Introducing MOX@Techzone will ensure ground level success for programs Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content Menu Menu Articles Videos Conference 2017 Conference 2016 Conference Close Webinars White Papers Awards Environmental Top 50 2017 Awards 2016 Awards Close Buyer’s Guide TRENDING EL 2016 Award Winners EL Conference 2017 Energy Manager Today Environmental Management AIR Water Waste Compliance Manufacturing Supply Chain Top 50 To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country ---AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Please Send Me More Information All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country ---AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? Forgotten Password Cancel If you've no account register here first time User Name : User Email : Password : Login Now Walmart Gets a Break, Mulls $300M Settlement May 10, 2017May 10, 2017 by Jennifer Hermes The investigation into Walmart’s alleged bribes in Mexico to obtain permits to build stores has led US authorities to ask the company to pay $300 million in fines. This is significantly less than the $1 billion settlement the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission were reportedly attempting to reach during the Obama administration, according to Reuters. Walmart instigated a wide-spread investigation to look into employee behavior across the globe. The company currently has about 2,300 employees working on compliance and ethics, the company says. The retail giant has not yet agreed to the settlement but is in the final stages of negotiation, according to reports. The company has already spent nearly $840 million on investigation and upgraded compliance operations. Last month, Walmart said it has spent more than $141 million on ethics and compliance systems since 2013 to ensure compliance is up-to-date and accurate. The company also created a board-level Global Ethics, Compliance & Risk Committee. Walmart didn’t say this was in response to the Mexico bribery scandal, instead saying its ethics and compliance focus is part of its efforts to grow in this “new era of retail” and to position the business for sustainable growth and shareholder returns. One challenge for companies that plead guilty to these types of crimes is that they can be blocked from winning government contracts, including access to the food stamps program which accounted for about $13 billion in sales last year, reports Retail Dive. But the article says that bribes or “gifts” are a common practice in parts of the world, necessary to obtain building permits and close other business deals. The Department of Justice has a guide on complying with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 to help companies adhere to business gift customs in other parts of the world while still remaining in compliance with laws and regulations. The settlement would require a plea of guilty by at least one Walmart subsidiary, but the parent company would not be charged, Fortune reports.     Categories Compliance, Environmental Management, Feature eBook: Driving Visibility and Harmonization in EHS Practices Sponsored By: Sphera Solutions    Practical Guide to Transforming Energy Data into Better Buildings Sponsored By: Lucid    Operationalizing EHS Management: Bridge the Gap from Strategy to Execution Sponsored By: LNS Research    Financing Environmental Resiliency and a Low-Carbon Future with Green Bonds Sponsored By: NSF International    Leave a Comment Cancel reply NEWSLETTER NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) Best Practices Four Key Strategies for Management System Integration Read More Best Practices Videos Sphera Solutions: EMIS Leader Webinars Refinery Flare Rule – Shaping Your Information Management... Sponsored By Sphera Solutions   Sponsored By Gensuite   FEATURED SUPPLIERS View All Suppliers > White Papers The QEHS Guide to Operational Excellence Sponsored By: EtQ An Insiders Guide to Selecting an Environmental Health and Safety Management Software System Sponsored By: EtQ EHS Risk Management Guidebook A Practical HowTo Guide Sponsored By: EtQ The EHS Guidebook Selecting Implementing and Using EHS Software Solutions Sponsored By: EtQ Incident Management 101 Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Software Selection Guide Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Office Ergonomics ROI eBook Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Ergonomics Infographic Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Trends Report Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Lean Safe Integrating Safety Management and Process Sponsored By: VelocityEHS View All White Papers > UPCOMING WEBINARS Refinery Flare Rule – Shaping Your Information Management Strategy ON DEMAND WEBINARS The EHS Manager’s Priorities in 2017: Predict and Prevent From Isolated to Integrated: How to Eliminate the Redundancies and Inefficiencies of Independent EHS Systems What’s in Store in 2017 for C&I Organizations as a New Administration Takes Control of our Nation’s Energy Policy? Getting Corporate Buy-in for an Environmental Management Information System (EMIS) From Compliance to Pro-Active Safety with Mobility: Best Practices from Lendlease See More Webinars > FOLLOW US PRIVACY POLICY | ABOUT US | SEND A STORY | ADVERTISE © Copyright 2017 Environmental Leader ® is a registered trademark of Business Sector Media LLC. Your name: Your email address: Send post to email address, comma separated for multiple emails. Cancel
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/11/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/11/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Top E-commerce Stocks to Buy Now For investors looking to ride one of the biggest trends of all, e-commerce provides intriguing possibilities. Looking at the top players can be a great place to start. Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) May 10, 2017 at 8:46PM One way investors can achieve outsized gains is by catching an emerging trend and investing in key players as it evolves. To that end, there are very few trends that can match the enormous and growing potential of e-commerce. Online sales in the U.S. amounted to $322 billion in 2016, and that figure is expected to climb to $485 billion by 2021, according to Statista. While the current trend has been over 20 years in the making, it's still far from over and represents a compelling opportunity for investors. eMarketer recently released data detailing the top online retailers in the U.S., which provides a starting point for those interested in investing in e-commerce. The companies that took the top three spots were Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). E-commerce represents a growing trend and a compelling opportunity. Image source: Pixabay.  The Big Kahuna No discussion of e-commerce is complete without addressing the 800-pound gorilla in the room. The largest player in e-commerce, bar none, is Amazon. Over the trailing-12-month period, Amazon had total revenue of nearly $136 billion, and e-commerce accounted for 70% of that amount, or nearly $95 billion. The company's online sales grew 20% last year, while total revenue grew 27%. In addition to e-commerce sales, Amazon has several other prosperous businesses, including its cloud-computing segment, Amazon Web Services; its Prime membership service; and a thriving artificial-intelligence segment led by Alexa, the company's virtual personal assistant. Alexa powers a growing number of Amazon products, including its Echo family of smart speakers, as well is the Fire TV, Fire Stick, and Fire Tablets. An Apple a day Apple may not immediately come to mind when you think e-commerce, but there are several factors at play. Many of the company's flagship phones and computer products are ordered online. Add to that its signature iTunes, app store and its growing Apple Pay payments business, and it's no wonder Apple took the second spot. Its e-commerce sales grew an estimated 40% to nearly $17 billion, which represents nearly 8% of Apple's total revenue of $218 billion over the trailing 12 months. CEO Tim Cook revealed in Apple's most recent earnings conference call that the company planned to double revenue from its services segment by the end of 2020, and that development should serve to increase the company's share of e-commerce as well.  Top picks in e-commerce. Image source: Getty Images. Down but not out With the rise of Amazon, many had discounted Wal-Mart in the realm of e-commerce, but that pronouncement may have been premature. While physical stores still account for 97% of Wal-Mart's revenue, its online sales grew 9% to over $14 billion for the trailing 12 months. The company signaled to investors that it was serious about e-commerce with its recent acquisition of online retailer Jet.com, as well as Modcloth and Moosejaw with their e-commerce sites. In the company's most recent earnings press release, Wal-Mart's president and CEO, Doug McMillon, stated: We're moving with speed to become more of a digital enterprise and better serve customers. We had a very solid fourth quarter, with U.S. comp sales growth of 1.8% and U.S. e-commerce GMV [gross merchandise volume] growth of 36%.  Final thoughts It's important to note that of the top 25 retailers eMarketer ranked by online sales, Amazon's total e-commerce contribution exceeded that of the next 24 combined. Data released by Slice Intelligence estimates that 43% of all online retail sales in 2016 happened on Amazon's website, and the e-commerce giant captured more than half of all online sales growth last year. It's unlikely that Amazon's position at the top will be in jeopardy anytime soon, but there is still plenty of growth for the industry, as online sales account for only 8.3% of total sales for last year.   Danny Vena owns shares of Amazon and Apple. Danny Vena has the following options: short June 2017 $72.5 calls on Wal-Mart Stores, long January 2018 $57.5 calls on Wal-Mart Stores, long January 2018 $55 calls on Wal-Mart Stores, and short June 2017 $72.5 calls on Wal-Mart Stores. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Daniel W. Vena, CPA, CGMA is long-term investor searching for intangibles that provide explosive growth opportunities in his investments. He served on active duty with the US Army and has a Bachelors degree in accounting. Follow @dannyvena Article Info May 10, 2017 at 8:46PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.95 up $1.32 (0.86%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $76.13 down $0.57 (-0.74%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $947.62 down $-1.33 (-0.14%) Read More Apple Can't Be Happy About Amazon's New Toys Amazon's Newest Product Wants to Judge Your Outfit 3 Stocks to Buy and Never Sell 4 Things Amazon.com, Inc. Management Wants Investors to Know Amazon Is Betting Big on India Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Top E-commerce Stocks to Buy Now @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $WMT, $AMZN
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV National BBQ Day deal and other free and cheap… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Rugby player paralyzed 5 nabbed for child porn Coroner IDs shooting victim Trump backers: “Quit tweeting” Recreational shooting raises concerns Free and cheap May 12-18 Lifestyle National BBQ Day deal and other free and cheap things to do around Denver, May 12-18 Blooms and more for mom, get your spring cleaning done, or hit the lanes for some bowling Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Jeremy Papasso, Daily Camera file Moms can get free donuts at Lamar’s on Mother’s Day. By Laura Daily and Bryan K. Chavez | Special to The Denver Post PUBLISHED: May 11, 2017 at 5:25 pm | UPDATED: May 11, 2017 at 5:28 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Teacher found dead day after she was accused of having “inappropriate” relationship with student Denver Broncos season-ticket holders who lost their seats in “weeding” program are outraged Two 17-year-old boys arrested in Morgan County slayings of young woman, man Kiszla: The secret of the best start in Rockies history? Start with the Jedi mind tricks of Bud Black. Plan for Denver social marijuana use permits includes waivers for every customer Krauthammer: James Comey’s political ax murder Home Sweet Home Start Mother’s Day off on a sweet note by stopping by LaMar’s Donuts. On May 14, mothers receive a free donut (with a hole) of their choice and a small coffee. Mom can also select a small fountain drink, if she prefers. Most locations open at 6 a.m. on Sundays, with closing hours varying. lamars.com Roses for Mom If you’re looking for inexpensive roses as a gift, head to Walmart. A dozen roses are only $9.87 through May 14. At such a low price, pick up two dozen to really impress Mom. Saucy savings Quiznos is celebrating National BBQ Day with a sweet (and tangy) offer. On May 16, the sub shop is offering a buy-one-get-one free barbecue pork sandwich. The sandwich shop just introduced two new pulled pork sandwiches subs — Southern Style BBQ and Spicy Chipotle BBQ. There is a limit of 10 free sandwiches, so one person can make a sandwich run for the entire office or household. quiznos.com Taco run Taco Bell offers savings hungry bargain hunters would go to bat for anytime. The day following a game in which the Colorado Rockies score seven runs or more (win or lose), fans score four tacos for $2 between 4 and 6 p.m. at participating locations. The promo overlaps with the fast-food chain’s daily Happier Hour promo from 2 to 5 p.m. During the one-hour overlap, get a medium drink for $1. With so many games, there will be plenty of chances to make a taco run. tacobell.com Alley cats Families looking for summer fun will be bowled over by this freebie. Through Sept. 30, kids can bowl two games daily for free at Arapahoe Bowling Center (Greenwood Village), Chipper’s Lanes (Broomfield), Holiday Lanes (Lakewood), Sweetheart Lanes (Loveland), Western Bowl (Arvada) and Chipper’s Lanes (Estes Park). Hours and age requirement varies by location. Kids Bowl Free provides an ideal excuse for kids to get out of the house this summer and play in a safe environment. Participants must be registered at the specific alley. Shoe rental is not included. For more details, including registration, visit www.kidsbowlfree.com. Clean break Denver embraces spring cleaning in a big way with the Great Denver Cleanup. On May 20, Denver residents (with proof of residency) can clean their property or neighborhood and take unwanted items to 13 drop-off locations between 9 a.m. and 2 p.m. Besides general trash, large household items, rigid plastics, yard waste for composting and re-usable household items (like the kind of goods – clothing, kitchenware, toys, home decor — you would donate to a charity) will be accepted. Please don’t bring electronics, appliances, automobile parts, hazardous waste or construction materials. For more information, including site locations and complete list of acceptable items, call 3-1-1. denvergov.org/kdb More freebies, discounts and deals at MileHighOnTheCheap.com. Tags:  Cheap Checklist Laura Daily and Bryan K. Chavez Every Saturday, Laura Daily and Bryan K. Chavez at MileHighOnTheCheap.com compile "Cheap Checklist" to help smart shoppers find freebies, discounts and deals. Send tips to info@milehighonthecheap.com 10 to 14 days in advance. Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Lifestyle Outside Voice: Catastrophic weather holds potential for the garden May 12, 2017, 12:34 am The lure of damp soil warmed by sunny spring days is too much to resist. Weather or not, we are ready to see pea tendrils and lettuce and the feathery starts to carrots filling in the garden rows. Tools of the Trade: How to pick the perfect shovel May 12, 2017, 12:19 am Archeologists believe the first shovels were made from the shoulder blades of large animals more than 5,000 years ago. Thank goodness garden-tool technology has evolved. Punch List: Things to do in your garden the third week of May include figuring out what plants should be replaced May 12, 2017, 12:00 am Mother’s Day weekend marks the emotional start to the shopping and planting season. But be careful not to set your plants out too early. How container gardens can convert your balcony or patio into an oasis May 12, 2017, 12:00 am Simple to plant and relatively cheap to start, container gardens yield many benefits — including access to fresh produce, even if you don’t have a yard. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Business Things keep getting worse for Macy’s UPDATED: Thu., May 11, 2017, 7:04 p.m. The beleaguered retail chain Macy’s announced Thursday that sales were down in the first quarter of the year, leading to a 39 percent drop in profits. As a result, its stock price plunged almost 17 percent to its lowest level since 2011. (Bebeto Matthews / Associated Press) By Abha Bhattarai Washington Post Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Macy’s, it seems, can’t catch a break. The beleaguered retail chain, which has been aggressively closing stores in recent months, announced more bad news Thursday: Sales were down in the first quarter of the year, leading to a 39 percent drop in profits. As a result, its stock price plunged almost 17 percent Thursday, to its lowest level since 2011. Macy’s steady decline, analysts say, is the result of factors including the demise of shopping malls, as well as competition from online stores and off-price retailers like TJ Maxx. Another issue: The company tends to sell run-of-the-mill products that shoppers can find more easily – and often more cheaply – elsewhere. “Here’s the unfortunate thing about Macy’s: There’s nothing that sets it apart,” said Milton Pedraza, chief executive of the Luxury Institute, a research firm. “It’s crowded, it’s messy, the service is poor. The business model of Macy’s is no longer justifiable in a world dominated by Amazon and Walmart.” The company’s woes come as other longtime retailers like Sears and JCPenney face similar headwinds. Americans are increasingly skipping the shopping mall in favor of buying online, which means department stores are left hoards of inventory and pricey real estate. Macy’s last year announced plans to close 100 stores, and analysts said more closures may be in the works if the company’s fortunes don’t change soon. “There are so many structural issues here that it’s going to take years for all of these challenges to play out,” said Sucharita Mulpuru, analyst for Forrester Research. “This is a company that is fundamentally tied to shopping malls, and I don’t know that there’s any hope of rejuvenation there.” After a dismal holiday season, 2017 hasn’t turned out to be much better. Same-store sales – a closely-watched industry metric – fell 4.6 percent, marking the ninth consecutive quarter of declines. Profit, meanwhile, plunged nearly 40 percent to $70 million from $115 million a year earlier. “These are challenging times for retail, especially for mall-based department stores,” Jeff Gennette, who took over as Macy’s CEO in March, said in a Thursday call with Wall Street investors. “We don’t have our head in the sand as to the significant challenges we face in getting the business growing again. We certainly don’t have all the answers yet, but we are working on them with a sense of urgency.” To that end, he said, the company is revamping its fine jewelry and women’s shoe departments, adding furniture and mattresses to 60 locations, and forging exclusive partnerships with brands like DKNY. It is also planning to expand its buy-online, pick-up-in-store options to win over shoppers who have grown accustomed to shopping from their homes. “The consumer has fundamentally changed,” Oliver Chen, an analyst for Cowen Group, told CNBC earlier this year. “Customers expect speed, and the way in which customers shop now, they want their goods immediately.” The retailer is facing considerable competition online. Amazon.com, which has a private-label clothing brand and is experimenting with custom-fit items, is widely expected to usurp Macy’s as the country’s largest clothing retailer this year. (Jeffrey Bezos, Amazon’s founder and chief executive, owns the Washington Post.) Macy’s, founded 160 years ago in New York, has been a household name for decades. Through the years, it has bought up regional chains, including Hecht’s, Foley’s, Rich’s and Bullock’s, and consolidated them into the country’s largest department store brand. Today, Macy’s parent company also owns the department store Bloomingdale’s and beauty chain Bluemercury. In recent months, it has begun experimenting with its own off-price store, Backstage, which it has been quietly opening inside existing locations. The goal, executives said, is to target shoppers who might otherwise go to Nordstrom Rack or TJ Maxx. Two-thirds of Macy’s most loyal customers and 70 percent of millennials shop at off-price retailers each month, Gennette said. “Macy’s needed to solve for that,” Gennette said, adding that the company is also lowering prices in departments such as housewares. “We’re obviously dropping our prices to be competitive. We don’t want to have like-products that are more expensive online or in our stores than our competitors. We have pushed to make sure we’re giving customers value.” But Pedraza says that may not be a viable strategy: “All they’re going to do is dig a deeper hole. They may get a bit of a dead cat bounce that way, but other than that it’s not a long-term strategy.” In recent years, analysts say, retailers have been engaged in a race to the bottom, offering never-ending promotions and sweeping discounts as a quick fix for long-term problems. Macy’s has been no exception. But the plan has backfired: Customers have become trained to expect large-scale discounts, and retailers are settling for slimmer profit margins. “If you missed last week’s sales numbers, you can literally make that up with a promotion this week,” Mulpuru said. “That’s the only short-term lever retailers have. Anything else – new real estate, new inventory, new vendors – is going to take six months to three years, which is why retail has degenerated into a promotional business.” As Macy’s executives scramble to shore up sales, they are also finding creative ways to bring in extra income. The company has sold off the top floors of stores in Brooklyn and Seattle, to be converted into office space. Its flagship in New York’s Herald Square, which takes up an entire city block, is also being floated by analysts as a potential source of cash. “The value of that real estate alone is billions of dollars,” Mulpuru said. “This is a company that’s in trouble, but they’ve still got aces in their back pocket. It takes a long time to kill a retailer, and I don’t think Macy’s is there, yet.” Updated: May 11, 2017, 7:04 p.m.  Tags: Macy's, retail Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories Colville newspaper editor charged with shoplifting … New branding effort seeks to define Spokane as creative, natural and enterprising … Media exposure from Zags’ tournament run valued at $406 million … Cheney’s Wild Bill’s Longbar doubles as Wyoming in romantic thriller “The Purple Rose” … Hidden in a busy part of Riverfront Park, remnants of a flop serve as cautionary tale for revitaliza … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 1, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 1, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018)   ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to maintenance work at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate nightly left lane closures Sunday through Thursday nights the week of May 1.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to bridge and shoulder sweeping in Wythe and Bland counties.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017) Dickenson County Water line projects: Due to water line installation work, motorists may experience delays on the following routes that connect to Route 63 (Big Ridge Road): Route 753 (Centennial Heights Road), Route 818 (Patsy Lane), Route 756 (Travis Stanley Road), Route 795 (Ira Owens Lane) and Route 607 (Tarpon Lane). (Completion: Spring 2017)     Grayson County ***Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge: The Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge will be closed to traffic for repairs on Tuesday (April 25) from 9 a.m. until 2 p.m. The bridge is located .30 mile from Route 732 and 3.7 miles from Route 601. (Completion: April 25)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County ***Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) – bridge replacement: The Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) bridge will be closed Wednesday (May 3) from 8 a.m. until 5 p.m. to replace the bridge. While the bridge is being replaced, motorists will use the following routes to detour: Routes 680, 682, 676 and 671.   Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Routes 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon in the next two weeks, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Due to replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County, the bridge will be closed to through traffic through early May. Motorists should plan alternate routes while replacement is underway. (Completion: early May 2017) Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   ***Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County ***Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation will cause delays on Route 460 in Bluefield Sunday, May 7 between 7 a.m. and 11 a.m. Motorists should be alert to Virginia State Police performing rolling road blocks during the aerial install of the fiber optic lines.   Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) ***Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Washington County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 58 and 677 (Watauga Road) and the intersection of Routes 11 and 58 in Abingdon this week, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Azure Lane improvements: Be alert to heavy equipment and workers along Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County due to efforts to improve a one-mile section on the western end of the route. (Completion: May 2017)     Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)   Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Traffic signals are controlling one 11-foot-wide lane across the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound due to replacement of the bridge. Signals are also controlling traffic off Route 633 (Bold Camp Road).  Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to the possibility of delays. (Completion: spring 2018)   Completed Route 672 – bridge replacement: A section of Route 672 (Martin’s Creek Road) in Lee County has reopened following replacement of the bridge over Martin Creek.   Route 687 bridge: Replacement of the superstructure for the Route 687 bridge in Scott County has been completed.        (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious International Wholesale Carriers – New Business Models & Growth Drivers in the Digital Transformation Era Next PostNext April 24-30: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Lubrizol Announces Participation in Chinaplas 2017 San Jose CA Metal Roofing & Copper Sheet & Gutter Firm Announce Distributorship Gardner Denver Announces Pricing of its Initial Public Offering Intermountain Precision Genomics Announces Cancer Test That Requires Less DNA Digital Fuel Hires Peter Singh to Lead EMEA Sales Efforts RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Online Retail Market in the US to Grow at a CAGR of 16% Through 2021: Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the online retail market in the US from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the online retail market in the US from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 11, 2017 06:23 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technavio market research analysts forecast the online retail market in the US to grow at a CAGR of close to 16% during the forecast period, according to their latest report. The market study covers the present scenario and growth prospects of the online retail market in the US market for 2017-2021. The report also lists PCs, smartphones, and tablets as the three major segments based on devices, of which PCs accounted for more than 42% of the market share in 2016. This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: View market snapshot before purchasing Buy 1 Technavio report and get the second for 50% off. Buy 2 Technavio reports and get the third for free. Technavio analysts highlight the following three market drivers that are contributing to the growth of the online retail market in the US: Growing seasonal and holiday sales Increase in time poverty and easy payment options Free shipment of product delivery and hassle-free return policies Growing seasonal and holiday sales Online sales during festive seasons and holidays have increased in recent years and are contributing to the growth of the market. Online holiday retail sales in the US crossed USD 95 billion in 2016, an increase of over 12% compared to 2015. Offers such as free shipping and steep discounts have motivated the US consumers to make purchases online. Holiday sales through online retail during November and December amounted to over USD 55 billion in 2016. Thanksgiving, Black Friday, and Cyber Monday are the days that see high amount of online shopping. Apparel, footwear and accessories, consumer electronics, computer hardware, and toys are the largest gaining product categories during the holiday season. Increase in time poverty and easy payment options The availability of easy and secure online payment options, facilities to track shipments, 24/7 customer support, and low costs have led to higher demand for online shopping. Customers can now choose from a variety of payment methods including credit cards, cash-on-delivery (COD), Internet banking, demand drafts, and cash-on-order. One of the popular methods of payment in the US is COD. Many US consumers are wary of sharing their debit or credit card details online, particularly with small and less well-known merchants. Consumers also rely on payment service providers such as PayPal, which allow them to pay without revealing card numbers. “In addition, the US consumers are experiencing an increase in time poverty. Due to busy lifestyles, they find little time to fulfill their shopping needs and rely on online retailing to save time. Most of these consumers also spend a significant amount of time at work and at home with access to Internet-enabled devices,” says Poonam Saini, a lead analyst at Technavio for retail goods and services research. Free shipment of product delivery and hassle-free return policies Free shipping has become the standard for many online retailers in the US. These retailers are also offering hassle-free return policies to attract customers. Approximately 90% of online retailers in the US offer free shipping and in-store pickup. Retailers like JCPenney, Target, and Toys 'R' Us offer free shipping on all orders during holiday seasons. On similar lines, Walmart reduced its minimum purchase requirement for free shipping from USD 50 to USD 35, making 99% of the items sold by Walmart's online store eligible for free shipping. “Convenient returns and exchange policies rank high in terms of importance to customers, as about 67% of consumers look at return policies before making a purchase,” says Poonam. Browse Related Reports: Global Ab and Core Toning Machine Market 2017-2021 Global Humidifiers Market 2017-2021 Global Foosball Equipment Market 2017-2021 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like luggage, apparel and textile, and toys and baby products. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary Technavio market research analysts forecast the online retail market in the US to grow at a CAGR of close to 16% during the forecast period, according to their latest report. #Hashtags #Research #Technavio #Onlineretail #RetailGoods Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Search Search Newsletter Signup Search OutsideOnline.com Open Menu Gear 2017 Winter Buyer's Guide Gear Reviews Cycle Life The Edge Covet Gear Guy XX Factor Outfitted Gear Archive Affiliate Policy Sponsor ContentHappy Campers Travel Best Towns National Parks Getaways Carry On The Go List Travel Archive Sponsor ContentCalifornia's Natural Theme Park Fitness In Stride Performance Plate Lab Rat Science of Performance The 101 Fitness Archive Sponsor ContentThe Trailfit Guide to Oahu Adventure Trail Life Big Ideas Feuds First Look Adventure Archive Sponsor ContentDenali's Raven Sponsor ContentWithin Reach Culture Best Jobs Eat & Drink Raising Rippers Culture Notebook Dating and Love How I Work Culture Archive Video Submit a Video Gear Videos Fitness Videos Adventure Videos How-To Videos Magazine Issue Archive Outside iPad App Features Outside Turns 40 Subscribe Print Edition Give a Gift Free Newsletters Podcast Subscribe Science of Survival The Outside Interview Dispatches Indefinitely Wild This Bike Was Designed for Tall People, So We Got a Tall Person to Ride It Look normal? That’s because every component has been made giant, including the 36-inch wheels. By: Matt Talbot and Wes Siler May 11, 2017 Share This Facebook Icon Share Twitter Icon Tweet Pinterest Icon Pinterest SMS Icon Text Email Icon Email Folch (left) stands next to a 32er. The bike on the right is his larger 36er.    Photo: DirtySixer For those of us who have outgrown normal human dimensions, life can be a comedic challenge. Pants become shorts. Doorways become an ever-present game of limbo. And bicycles never quite fit. Their wheels are too small for their frames, placing the tall rider too far to the rear. This arrangement doesn’t just look ridiculous, it also impacts comfort and can lead to instability. That’s what David Folch, a 6’6” frenchman residing in San Francisco was thinking when he set out to design a bike specifically built for the tall rider. We just rode one. What Is It? It’s easy to commission a run of very large frames. It’s only slightly harder to hand-lace some really big wheels. But it’s impossible to produce a small run of huge bicycle tires.  So, for his first bike, Folch arrived at the 36-inch tire size not only because those are appreciably larger than the typical 27.5-inch or 29-inch sizes, but because that’s how big unicycle wheels are, and there are existing tires for those. So, Folch designed a bicycle around those tires.  “I learned bicycle design, and set out to make a proportionate bike for my body,” explains Folch. “By scaling up the wheel size, and every single bit of the bike—tubing, bearings, axles, cranks, pedals, bars, saddle, etc—we created the first bicycle that looks good under a 7-foot-tall rider. That makes it safer, more comfortable, and more durable. Plus, those big wheels soak up anything you throw at them: rocks, roots, potholes…even raccoons!” Compared to a typical bike, the very tall rider is moved forward, ahead of the rear wheel, for a comfortable, upright riding position, and improved weight distribution and therefore stability. The larger tires make possible a  higher bottom bracket, in turn facilitating longer cranks—again in proportion to the legs of a very tall rider. Those long cranks help provide an increase in pedal power, compensating for the increased rolling resistance. And, the increase in rolling momentum combines with the larger diameter to help those wheels roll over obstacles. That first bike was a hit amongst the very tall. Shaq owns two.  Those 36-inch wheel bikes work best for riders 6’5” and taller. The average cyclist is 5’8”. So, what about bikes for people in between? A few years ago, Walmart debuted a range of 32-inch wheel beach cruisers, and commissioned production of tires for them. The unicycle world jumped at the chance for a mid-size tire, and was able to produce one that's reasonable quality, and has hybrid tread that does alright on both the street and on dirt. Folch saw those as his opportunity to produce a smaller bike.  Now, he’s producing a new range of bikes in the 32-inch wheel size. His smallest frame can accommodate riders as short as 5’8”, while a large can comfortably seat someone up to 6’8”. And they should all be able to take advantage of the increased stability, more upright riding position, and the easy ability to roll over obstacles.  Shaq rode one of his two DirtySixer 36ers in this AmEx commercial. Who’s It For? Folch describes the 32er DirtySixer AllRoad as, “the most versatile bike for tall riders.” And says it’s, “a gravel bike, a cross bike, a do-everything bike, and a town bike.” So, in other words, a hybrid.  Equipped with a derailleur, the Ventana-produced bikes go for $5,599, or $6,899 with a Rohloff internally geared, 14-speed rear hub.  Stock, the 32er is fitted with wide, flat bars. But, it can also be equipped with 48cm drop bars, and a tighter fork for road-specific duties.  The bigger wheels work by allowing the tall rider to sit between the wheels, in the middle of the bike, rather than cantilevered back over the rear axle, as on a sized-up frame on normal tires. This benefits weight distribution, comfort, and stability, but also allows for a higher bottom bracket, and subsequently longer cranks.   Photo: DirtySixer Riding It A fully rigid bike, wearing hybrid tires, should not ride this well. Folch has worked magic with the geometry, and created something that climbs as well as it descends, and is a blast to ride despite proving totally stable.  Throwing a leg over the 32er recalls my early days of cycling, before I outgrew normal human dimensions. It wheelies, manuals, and hops like the adult-size bikes I used to ride when I was 12. Despite the lack of suspension, it handles off-road ruts, rocks, and riff raff with aplomb. Descents are handled in total confidence.  But while the concept is proven by the ride, can living with such a large bike, equipped with bespoke component sizes, be made to work? Tubes do appear to be available from a few major online retailers, but what about spokes and chains? With the Rohloff, any good chain will have enough links, but it’s a close shave with with the cheaper derailleur. The longest spoke you’ll typically find available in a bike shop is 310mm. Those will work just fine on the rear wheel, but the front spokes are longer. Folch includes six with the bike, just in case.  Getting the bike places without riding it is another matter entirely. Even with the front wheel removed, it takes up the entire cargo area of a Volkswagen Jetta SportWagon, with the rear seats folded down. In a roof rack, with both wheels on, deflating the front tire entirely just about got the 32er on the rack. But, as I was driving through San Francisco, that deflated tire fell off the wheel, and the bike was left dangling on the rack by the back wheel strap. A tense few moments of maneuvering through traffic to the side of the road, and I didn’t lose the bike. You’ll have an equal amount of trouble trying to fit the thing in standard bike boxes, too.  Without the context of a normal bike, it's hard to tell just how large the 32er is. It's as big as a horse.   Photo: DirtySixer Likes Riding is believing. The scaled-up wheels, and the larger frame they make possible, really do make a better bike for tall riders.  The sturdy, efficient Rohloff hub is a great complement to the bike’s qualities.  Even without suspension, the 32er performs great on dirt trails. Doesn’t make tall riders look like they’re riding a clown bike.  Dislikes The quality of the available tires is, well…bad.  May not fit standard bike racks.  Here, you can clearly see the geometry advantages brought by the larger wheels and scaled-up frame. The XXL-sized "scaffolding bike" on the left places the rider very far to the rear, upsetting balance. The DirtySixer, on the right, provides a tall rider with a balanced seating position.   Photo: DirtySixer Should You Buy One? The DirtySixer concept may sound goofy, but it really does work. This is a great riding bike, built to deliver years and years of faithful service.  But the tires! These tires are terrible for anything but weaving home at a walking pace after a few too many post-race beers. If Folch can find a better solution for those (he tells us one is in-progress), we think he’ll really be onto something.  Filed To: Indefinitely Wild, Bikes Share This Share Tweet Pinterest Text Email More Gear Subscribe to Outside Subscribe Now and Save 75%! State AA AE AL AK AP AS AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MP MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA PR PW RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA VI WA WV WI WY Continue Our Mission To inspire active participation in the world outside through award-winning coverage of the sports, people, places, adventure, discoveries, health and fitness, gear and apparel, trends and events that make up an active lifestyle. Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Instagram Icon Pinterest Icon Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ads Media Kit Subscriptions Affiliate-Link Policy RSS © 2017 Mariah Media Network LLC.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Online Retail Market in the US to Grow at a CAGR of 16% Through 2021: Technavio LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Technavio market research analysts forecast the online retail market in the US to grow at a CAGR of close to 16% during the forecast period, according to their latest report. The market study covers the present scenario and growth prospects of the online retail market in the US market for 2017-2021. The report also lists PCs, smartphones, and tablets as the three major segments based on devices, of which PCs accounted for more than 42% of the market share in 2016. This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: View market snapshot before purchasing Buy 1 Technavio report and get the second for 50% off. Buy 2 Technavio reports and get the third for free. Technavio analysts highlight the following three market drivers that are contributing to the growth of the online retail market in the US: Growing seasonal and holiday sales Increase in time poverty and easy payment options Free shipment of product delivery and hassle-free return policies Growing seasonal and holiday sales Online sales during festive seasons and holidays have increased in recent years and are contributing to the growth of the market. Online holiday retail sales in the US crossed USD 95 billion in 2016, an increase of over 12% compared to 2015. Offers such as free shipping and steep discounts have motivated the US consumers to make purchases online. Holiday sales through online retail during November and December amounted to over USD 55 billion in 2016. Thanksgiving, Black Friday, and Cyber Monday are the days that see high amount of online shopping. Apparel, footwear and accessories, consumer electronics, computer hardware, and toys are the largest gaining product categories during the holiday season. Increase in time poverty and easy payment options The availability of easy and secure online payment options, facilities to track shipments, 24/7 customer support, and low costs have led to higher demand for online shopping. Customers can now choose from a variety of payment methods including credit cards, cash-on-delivery (COD), Internet banking, demand drafts, and cash-on-order. One of the popular methods of payment in the US is COD. Many US consumers are wary of sharing their debit or credit card details online, particularly with small and less well-known merchants. Consumers also rely on payment service providers such as PayPal, which allow them to pay without revealing card numbers. “In addition, the US consumers are experiencing an increase in time poverty. Due to busy lifestyles, they find little time to fulfill their shopping needs and rely on online retailing to save time. Most of these consumers also spend a significant amount of time at work and at home with access to Internet-enabled devices,” says Poonam Saini, a lead analyst at Technavio for retail goods and services research. Free shipment of product delivery and hassle-free return policies Free shipping has become the standard for many online retailers in the US. These retailers are also offering hassle-free return policies to attract customers. Approximately 90% of online retailers in the US offer free shipping and in-store pickup. Retailers like JCPenney, Target, and Toys ‚R’ Us offer free shipping on all orders during holiday seasons. On similar lines, Walmart reduced its minimum purchase requirement for free shipping from USD 50 to USD 35, making 99% of the items sold by Walmart’s online store eligible for free shipping. “Convenient returns and exchange policies rank high in terms of importance to customers, as about 67% of consumers look at return policies before making a purchase,” says Poonam. Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like luggage, apparel and textile, and toys and baby products. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Starshow Publications releases new exciting books by International Author Charles Massie Next PostNext iHeartCommunications, Inc. Announces Extension of Private Term Loan Offers Search Recent Posts Cypress Energy Partners, L.P. Announces First Quarter 2017 Results CORRECTION – Weight Loss Surgeon in Dallas Explains the Necessity of Thorough Pre- and Post-Surgical Care Services AgreeYa to Showcase Cogent Software at Spring NARCA Conference Canada’s unions host a Street Party for a #FairFuture in Toronto Vanstar to Extend Warrants RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 67° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Cloudy. Tonight Cloudy. Low 57F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: May 11, 2017 @ 5:34 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Tax holiday: Boon or bane for Missouri? BY JIM GALLAGHER • jimgallagher@post-dispatch.com > 314-340-8390 Jim Gallagher Aug 5, 2012 (…) BIG SALE! 4.2 percent off selected items. What a deal! That's an ad you'll never see in the Post-Dispatch, and for good reason. It's not much of a discount. Yet Missouri's back-to-school sales tax holiday, in its final day Sunday, draws crowds into the stores. Whether it's a good idea is a matter for debate. What if the little price break at the cash register translates into roads that are a little bumpier or schools a little worse because of skimpier tax collections? Would it still be a bargain? The tax holiday is meant to give cash-strapped parents a break, but the rules are loose enough to let bargain-seekers like me take advantage: clothing under $100, personal computers, peripherals, software and school supplies, including art supplies but not sports stuff. The state sales tax is suspended, but local governments with sales taxes can opt in or out. The towns with the big malls, such as Richmond Heights and Des Peres, tend to keep taxing. Any price cut has appeal. Consumers do save at the cash register, although perhaps not as much as they assume. After all, when the state cuts taxes, it relieves pressure on retailers to cut prices to lure in shoppers. Look at the ads last week, and you'll see a little bit of retailer price trimming, but not much. The state of Missouri is, in effect, financing a sale for Wal-Mart and Target. There is some evidence – albeit old – that retailers raise prices in anticipation of tax holidays. In 2001, economists compared clothing prices in Pensacola, Fla., during a tax holiday with prices in nearby Mobile, Ala., which had no holiday. They found that before-tax prices were about 1 percent higher in Florida during the holiday. In effect, Florida retailers seemed to be taking a slice of the tax cut for themselves. On the other hand, a different study of computer sales found retailers giving a tiny price cut on desktop computers during a tax holiday, but not on the more popular lap tops. I couldn't find a good study of how tax holidays effect the St. Louis area. The state Department of Revenue doesn't know what it does to tax collections. But consumers love tax holidays, and they wait for them. In Florida, for instance, sales jumped 50 percent during the 2010 tax holiday compared to the same week a year earlier, when there was no holiday. Shoppers also loaded up on stuff that was still subject to sales tax. Those sales rose 35 percent, according to a study by the Washington Economics Group done for Florida retailers. Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area That leads to an important question: Would all those sales have happened anyway, sometime during the summer? Or do consumers, made giddy by the tax holiday, pick up fully-taxable stuff that they wouldn't otherwise buy? The Washington Economics Group buys the giddy consumer theory, estimating that total summer sales rise nearly 3 percent because of the holiday. If that's true, it might erase the loss in tax collections, removing my worry about bumpier roads. The Florida study claims that tax collections actually increased. Personally, I find it hard to buy the theory that cutting taxes raises tax revenue. I'd place my bet on a study by Adam J. Cole of the University of Michigan, who looked at 20 states and found that tax holidays cut state tax revenue by 4.2 percent for the month of the holiday. That's not much, but it comes during a time of very tight state and city budgets. We St. Louisans are consumers of government services. We like safe streets, smooth roads, fast ambulances, nice parks, good schools. Does that 4.2 percent savings on shoes for little Joey mean a worse set of textbooks in his classroom? In normal times I'd say no – just squeeze out fat in Jeff City and city hall. But four years after the Great Recession tanked tax revenues, the fat's gone. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Retailers expect better back-to-school shopping season this year Pent-up demand from parents tired of scrimping will boost sales in August, retailers predict Getting the most out of Missouri's back-to-school sales-tax holiday You won’t have to pay a state sales tax on belts with buckles next weekend — but you do have… Lazy days of summer dwindle for students If any students or parents were in denial about the end of summer break, the weekend should have been a snap back to reality. Tags Sales Tax Holiday Missouri Sales Tax Holiday Washington Economic Group Adam Cole University Of Michigan Jim Gallagher Sale Economics Advertising Retailer Sales Tax Commerce Jim Gallagher Follow Jim Gallagher Close Get email notifications on Jim Gallagher daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jim Gallagher posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jim Gallagher Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular If you have a minor health problem, don't expect Anthem to pay for your ER visit Camping World CEO says Gander Mountain made a bad bet on guns Doughnuts are on a global rampage, and they must be stopped $110 million verdict for plaintiff in fifth talcum powder cancer trial in St. Louis Camping World CEO releases list of Gander Mountains that will remain open Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Forward Through Ferguson: Civic Progress awards $650,000 to youth programs Wells Fargo management unveils $2 billion in new cost cuts Retail stocks hit as Macy's and Kohl's results disappoint Disappointing retail earnings drag on U.S. stocks; oil rises Judge approves emissions-cheating settlement for 3-liter VWs Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Give a shout out to your graduate in a full-color section of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and online at STLtoday.com. Subscribe today Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 15 – 21: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 15, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 115, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to tunnel maintenance at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate southbound left lane closures from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. nightly Sunday through Thursday nights.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to the following maintenance activities: Slope repairs and bridge deck sweeping at various locations in Wythe and Bland counties Mowing between the Wythe County line and the I-77/I-81 overlap in Wythe County.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 665 (Power Plant Road): Due to replacement of multiple drainage pipes along Route 665 (Power Plant Road) in Russell County, a portion of the route will be closed Monday, May 15 from 7 a.m. until 6 p.m. between Route 614 (Carterton Road) and Route 628 (Heralds Valley Road).   ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 654 – slide repairs: A section of Route 654 (Banner Mountain Road) in Wise County will be closed through May 19 due to slide repairs. Motorists should pay close attention to signs and message boards about the repairs. (Completion: May 19, 2017)   Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)   Completed Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: The installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon has been completed.  The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County has been completed.   Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation across Route 460 in Bluefield has been completed.    (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious VDOT TO HOLD “PARDON OUR DUST” MEETING ON COURTHOUSE ROAD WIDENING, EXIT 140 DIVERGING DIAMOND INTERCHANGE – Public can learn more about upcoming construction, view maps and ask questions from 6-8 p.m. on Wednesday, May 17 at Colonial Forge High School in Stafford County Next PostNext Spectinomycin Hydrochloride Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast and Supply Demand to 2022 Search Recent Posts San Diego High School showed the most school spirit to win a private performance thanks to SDCCU and Channel 933 CompTIA Commends Administrations Cybersecurity Executive Order Unconventional students at Rice 2017: Brian Barr New Book by Toni Reilly Reveals Regression Therapy Techniques for Personal Transformation Les Ressources Yorbeau Inc. annonce la nomination d’un chef des finances par intérim RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
View Issue Subscribe D Magazine View Issue Subscribe D CEO View Issue Subscribe D Home King of Commodes Mother's Day Gift Guide Newcomer’s Guide Magazines Subscribe Leave Us Feedback News Food Entertainment Home Health Business Weddings Neighborhood Guides Let’s Make Dallas Even Better Commercial Real Estate How This ‘Urban In-Fill’ Project Is Showing Transition The development is impacting an East Dallas neighborhood. By Glenn Hunter Published in D CEO May 2017 Twenty-one months after the new East Dallas shopping center was announced, its site at the northwest corner of Northwest Highway and Abrams Road remains a rough-looking expanse of weeds, broken glass, cracked asphalt, and uneven concrete slabs. For some reason, a couple of 18-wheelers were parked the other day at the 13-plus-acre site, which was distinguished mainly for its forest of tall, skinny light poles stretching almost as far as the eye could see. Two wooden real estate signs had also been erected on the property, touting a new shopping center that would be called High Point Crossing. The signs said that 275,000 square feet of space was for lease, and suggested that interested parties call a couple of brokers, Jeff Kittleson and Robert Aycock, with CBRE. The signs also proclaimed that the center was a project of The Ainbinder Co., in consultation with one Brian Glaser. Since my wife and I have lived for 18 years across Abrams Road from the property, in the Merriman Park/University Manor residential development, I decided to phone everyone listed on the sign, because this looked like a great story that was right in my own backyard. “Urban in-fill” projects like High Point Crossing are all the rage in real estate these days, after all. But, that’s when I discovered that when commercial property execs don’t want to talk about something, they can clam up tighter than the people who guard KFC’s chicken recipe. None returned my calls. “We’re excited to see the activity there. It can be a little scary at night now, so we think it’s going to be a positive.” Robyn Flatt, co-founder of the Dallas Children’s Theater A major retail center at the corner of Abrams and Northwest Highway would be a big deal for our neighborhood, which has been gradually evolving over time. It wasn’t that long ago, for example, that there was a low-rent strip club called the Doll’s House near the intersection’s northeast corner. (Today it’s a car-rental place.) About half a mile north on Abrams, past the Sable Ridge and Willow Pond apartment complexes, there used to be a number of check-cashing joints and discount liquor stores. Some are still there, at or near the corner of Abrams and Skillman Street, but the neighborhood in general has been trending upscale. For instance, a new, state-of-the-art Alamo Drafthouse theater-restaurant-bar—the third to open in North Texas—is going into the former Tom Thumb space at the old Skillman Abrams Shopping Center, which is being renamed Creekside. There’s also a popular Topgolf location just across the street from Creekside on Park Lane. It’s not too far from a SuperTarget, a Home Depot, and the Timber Creek Crossing shopping center. The nearly 500,000-square-foot Timber Creek center, off Northwest Highway and Skillman, is anchored by a Wal-Mart, a Sam’s Club, and a J.C. Penney. The High Point Crossing property, meantime, backs up to the aforementioned Willow Pond apartments to the north, and to the Dallas Children’s Theater—formerly Don Carter’s All Star Lanes bowling alley—to the west. High Point also sits just across Northwest Highway from the 55-year-old, 319,000-square-foot Medallion Shopping Center, which is anchored by Kohl’s and yet another Target store. There, on the southwest corner of Northwest and Abrams, Medallion is adding a new CVS Pharmacy where an old oil-changing place used to be, says Cherise Fleming, an associate broker with Venture Commercial Real Estate. The CVS should be open around year’s end. High Point Crossing itself is located on property that, until 2008, was the flagship store for the Steakley Chevrolet auto dealership. Before John Steakley came along to open the location in the early 1960s, though, the site had a far different use. My wife, who grew up in Dallas’ Turtle Creek area, remembers the Steakley land as the place her parents used to take her for “pony rides”—a dusty, racetrack-like setup where you could climb aboard one of maybe a dozen little horses. John Steakley’s daughter, Anne Steakley Reeder, recalls the Northwest Highway property like this: “When we moved to Dallas, my dad said, ‘Here’s where the dealership will be.’ It was open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. When Neiman Marcus opened their store at NorthPark, their ads said, ‘Just down the street from Steakley Chevrolet.’” The Steakley site was sold two years ago by an East Coast investor to Ainbinder, a Houston-based real estate developer that, according to a 2015 Dallas Morning News story, has redeveloped similar auto dealerships in the Bayou City. The News account added that Glaser, of Dallas-based Glaser Retail Partners, had brought the deal to Ainbinder and had been approaching potential tenants for High Point Crossing. On its website, Ainbinder as recently as mid-March was describing High Point Crossing as a “vertical urban power center” with retail stores on two levels, plus a multi-level parking structure. However, in a December 2016 “master site plan” drawn up by the Boucher Design Group of Bellaire, Texas, and obtained by D CEO, parking for 831 cars did not seem to include any parking structure. And, the “building area” was just 170,000-some square feet. The December plan also indicated a 62,943-square-foot lease labeled “Academy,” a 15,000-square-foot lease labeled “Party City,” a 20,000-square-foot lease labeled “Marshalls,” and a 20,000-square-foot lease labeled “Ross.” The site plan also showed a proposed new traffic signal on Northwest Highway for drivers entering and exiting High Point Crossing, well west of the corner with Abrams. That’s important, because Abrams’ intersection with Northwest Highway can already be a backed-up nightmare at rush hour. Indeed, traffic counts show more than 56,000 vehicles per day going east and west through the intersection. That’s about 4,700 more vehicles than roll through the super-busy Preston/Northwest Highway corner, near the Dallas North Tollway. City Councilman Mark Clayton, whose District 9 includes High Point Crossing, says that he’s “always concerned about traffic.” He says the proposed new traffic light will help, though, adding, “You’re never going to eliminate traffic on Northwest Highway. But a traffic plan is in place.” Robyn Flatt, co-founder of the Dallas Children’s Theater, has a different concern about the new development. That’s because it would eliminate a connecting road, called Quality Lane, that currently allows patrons to access her facility from Northwest Highway via Theater Way. “We’re very concerned about our staff and patrons having access to [the theater], especially when the weather’s not good,” Flatt says. “So, we’re working with [Ainbinder and the city] to maintain a ‘back door,’ so we’ll be able to get in and out. Safety is our biggest concern.” As a show of good will, perhaps, the developer has already agreed to pay for two big DCT signs that will go up on Flatt’s theater building—one sign facing west, the other looking south. “They want to be good neighbors, and we’re excited to see the activity there,” Flatt says. “It can be a little scary at night now, so we think it’s going to be a positive.” That’s the same way many residents of our neighborhood seem to be viewing the in-fill project. When I asked for comments about High Point Crossing—as well as the new Creekside center—on the Nextdoor website, the response was overwhelmingly bullish. The vacant Steakley site has been “an eyesore for a long time,” one resident wrote. Added another: “These two developments follow a long, stagnant period for our area, during which we all worried about our safety and property values. These positive improvements will be supported by the demographics, which improve each year. … While some are concerned about traffic congestion, that’s the price we’ll all pay, along with higher property taxes.” As for High Point’s expected retail tenants, there’s been only a little grumbling. Damon Dattalo, a Realtor with Keller Williams Urban Dallas, wrote on his blog that “many residents are disappointed this site did not find a more creative use.” He explained further when I phoned him. “East Dallas is not a big fan of suburban sprawl,” Dattalo said. High Point Crossing “looks like it will be nice, but there’s a strip center across the street, and a strip center across Skillman. So it’s going to be more of the same.” For many in our neighborhood, more of the same will be good enough.  Business Commercial Real Estate East Dallas Most Popular The Whole City Needs to Pay Attention to What Is Happening in West Dallas By Peter Simek Final Four Face Off in the Game of Thrones By D Partner Studio Things To Do For Mother's Day in Dallas By The Event Listings Committee Mike Hashimoto Steps Down From Dallas Morning News By Eric Celeste Judge Awards Huge $5.5 Million Verdict in Ira Tobolowsky Defamation Suit By Jamie Thompson Our D CEO Weekly newsletter helps you stay up to speed with breaking news, interviews with industry leaders, and market insights from the editors of D CEO. Related Content Commercial Real Estate Photo Recap: D CEO’s 2017 Power Brokers Event Carly Mann Commercial Real Estate Distribution Center at Fort Worth’s Mercantile Center Changes Hands Lily Corral Commercial Real Estate Announcing D CEO’s New Weekly Real Estate Newsletter Lily Corral Comments plsiii That’s unfortunate that “more of the same will be good enough” sooo much energy goes into our built environment “good enough” should be the starting point, not the end product. A “vertical urban power center” sounds (and looks) much different than a handful of discount clothing and retail stores… not unlike the dealership turned furniture store that they demolished. Neighbors need to hold developers accountable and demand more. D Magazine Partners 750 North St.Paul St. Suite 2100 Dallas, Texas 75201 Tel: 214.939.3636 Fax: 214.748.4579 CONTACT US Sections FrontBurner Food & Drink Arts & Entertainment Nightlife Home & Design Shopping & Fashion Health & Fitness Business & Economy Weddings Publications D Magazine D Home D CEO Subscribe Renew Subscriber Services Company Info About Us Masthead Job Openings Internships Awards Customer Service Advertise Media Kits Events Case Studies Contact Us Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Copyright © 2017, D Magazine Partners, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Advertisement will run for seconds. Continue to site »
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments40+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business ‘The unfortunate thing about Macy’s’: Just about everything The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Abha Bhattarai By Abha Bhattarai May 11 at 4:46 PM Follow @abhabhattarai Macy’s stock fell more than 16 percent after the company posted disappointing earnings. (Bebeto Matthews/Associated Press) Macy’s, it seems, can’t catch a break. The beleaguered retail chain, which has been aggressively closing stores in recent months, announced more bad news Thursday: Sales were down in the first quarter of the year, leading to a 39 percent drop in profits. As a result, the company’s stock price plunged more than 16 percent Thursday, to its lowest level since 2011. Macy’s steady decline, analysts say, is the result of a number of factors, including the demise of shopping malls, as well as competition from online stores and off-price retailers such as TJ Maxx. Another issue: The company tends to sell run-of-the-mill products that shoppers can find more easily — and often more cheaply — elsewhere. “Here’s the unfortunate thing about Macy’s: There’s nothing that sets it apart,” said Milton Pedraza, chief executive of the Luxury Institute, a New York-based research firm. “It’s crowded, it’s messy, the service is poor. The business model of Macy’s is no longer justifiable in a world dominated by Amazon and Walmart.” The company’s woes come as other longtime retailers like Sears and JCPenney face similar headwinds. Americans are increasingly skipping the shopping mall in favor of buying online, which means department stores are left with hordes of inventory and pricey real estate. Macy’s last year announced plans to close 100 of its stores, and analysts said more closures may be in the works if the company’s fortunes don’t change soon. “There are so many structural issues here that it’s going to take years for all of these challenges to play out,” said Sucharita Mulpuru, a retail analyst for Forrester Research. “This is a company that is fundamentally tied to shopping malls, and I don’t know that there’s any hope of rejuvenation there.” After a dismal holiday season, 2017 hasn’t turned out to be much better. Same-store sales — a closely-watched industry metric — fell 4.6 percent, marking the ninth consecutive quarter of declines. Profit, meanwhile, plunged nearly 40 percent to $70 million from $115 million a year earlier. “These are unusual and challenging times for retail, especially for mall-based department stores,” Jeff Gennette, who took over as Macy’s chief executive in March, said in a Thursday morning call with Wall Street investors. “We don’t have our head in the sand as to the significant challenges we face in getting the business growing again. We certainly don’t have all the answers yet, but we are working on them with a sense of urgency.” To that end, he said, the company is revamping its fine jewelry and women’s shoe departments, adding furniture and mattresses to 60 locations, and forging exclusive partnerships with brands like DKNY. It is also planning to expand its buy-online, pick-up-in-store options in an effort to win over shoppers who have grown accustomed to shopping from their homes. “The consumer has fundamentally changed,” Oliver Chen, a retail analyst for Cowen Group, told CNBC earlier this year. “Customers really expect speed, and the way in which customers shop now, they want their goods immediately.” The retailer is facing considerable competition online. Amazon.com, which has a private-label clothing brand and is experimenting with custom-fit items, is widely expected to usurp Macy’s as the country’s largest clothing retailer this year. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, Amazon’s founder and chief executive, owns The Washington Post.) Macy’s, founded nearly 160 years ago in New York, has been a household name for decades. Through the years, it has bought up a number of regional chains, including Hecht’s, Foley’s, Rich’s and Bullock’s, and consolidated them into the country’s largest department store brand. Today, Macy’s parent company also owns the department store Bloomingdale’s and beauty chain Bluemercury. In recent months, it has also begun experimenting with its own off-price store, Backstage, which it has been quietly opening inside existing locations. The goal, executives said, is to target shoppers who might otherwise go to Nordstrom Rack or TJ Maxx. Two-thirds of Macy’s most loyal customers and 70 percent of millennials shop at off-price retailers each month, Gennette said. “Macy’s needed to solve for that,” Gennette said, adding that the company is also lowering prices in certain departments, such as housewares. “We’re obviously dropping our prices to be competitive. We don’t want to have like-products that are more expensive online or in our stores than our competitors. That is why we have really pushed to make sure we’re giving customers value.” But Pedraza, of the Luxury Institute, says that may not be a viable strategy. “All they’re going to do is dig a deeper hole,” he said. “They may get a little bit of a dead cat bounce that way, but other than that it’s not a long-term strategy.” In recent years, analysts say, retailers have been engaged in a race to the bottom, offering never-ending promotions and sweeping discounts as a quick fix for long-term problems, and Macy’s has been no exception. But the plan has also backfired: Customers have become trained to expect large-scale discounts on everything they buy, which means retailers are increasingly settling for slimmer profit margins. “If you missed last week’s sales numbers, you can literally make that up with a promotion this week,” Mulpuru said. “That’s the only short-term lever retailers have. Anything else — new real estate, new inventory, new vendors — is going to take six months to three years, which is why retail has degenerated into a promotional business.” As Macy’s executives scramble to shore up sales, they are also finding creative ways to bring in extra income. The company has sold off the top floors of certain properties, including stores in Brooklyn and Seattle, to be converted into office space. Its flagship in New York’s Herald Square, which takes up an entire city block, is also being floated by analyst as a potential source of cash. “The value of that real estate alone is billions of dollars,” Mulpuru said. “This is a company that’s in trouble, but they’ve still got a few aces in their back pocket. It takes a long time to kill a retailer, and I don’t think Macy’s is there, yet.” Read more:  Millennials think Coach is ‘boring.’ Will acquiring Kate Spade help? Why ladies didn’t love Dove’s latest gender-empowering ad stunt A Trump voter’s message to retailers: ‘Keep your mouths shut about our president’ business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 40+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Abha Bhattarai is a business reporter for The Washington Post. She has previously written for The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Reuters and the St. Petersburg Times. Follow @abhabhattarai 43 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Trump, China reach preliminary trade agreements on beef, poultry 2 ‘The unfortunate thing about Macy’s’: Just about everything 3 Behind Trump’s ‘prime the pump’ gaffe is a bunch of real news 4 Analysis Microsoft has fully acknowledged that you will never use a Windows Phone for work 5 Analysis Trump’s ‘You’re fired’ message to Comey broke this basic rule of management The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA -0.11% NASDAQ -0.22% Get quote Last Update: 05/12/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman HFF Secures $100 Million Refinancing for Retail Power Center in North Bergen, New Jersey NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Holliday Fenoglio Fowler, L.P. (HFF) announced today that it has secured a $100 million refinancing for Tonnelle Commons, a 410,015-square-foot, Class A, fully leased retail power center in the New York metropolitan area suburb of North Bergen, New Jersey. HFF worked on behalf of the borrower, Urban Edge Properties, to secure the 10-year, non-recourse fixed-rate loan. Completed in 2009, Tonnelle Commons is fully leased to 16 tenants and is anchored by Walmart, BJ’s Wholesale Club, PetSmart and Staples. The property is situated on Tonnelle Avenue (Routes 1 and 9) less than 10 miles from Midtown Manhattan and four miles from the entrance to the New Jersey Turnpike. The center is located at the northern edge of Hudson County – the most densely populated county in New Jersey – and just one-half mile from Bergen County. The HFF debt placement team representing the borrower was led by managing director Scott Aiese and senior managing director Mike Tepedino. “HFF used its long-standing lender relationships and proprietary software, to identify the optimal long-term fixed-rate lender for Urban Edge,” Aiese said. “Furthermore, not all retail is created equally; Tonnelle Commons is a 100-percent-occupied, highly performing center due to its infill location and laser-focused management team.” About Urban Edge Properties Urban Edge Properties is a NYSE listed real estate investment trust focused on managing, acquiring, developing, and redeveloping retail real estate in urban communities, primarily in the New York metropolitan region. Urban Edge owns 86 properties totaling 15.2 million square feet of gross leasable area. About HFF Holliday Fenoglio Fowler, L.P., HFF Real Estate Limited (collectively, “HFF”), HFF Securities L.P. and HFF Securities Limited (collectively, “HFFS”) are owned by HFF, Inc. (NYSE: HF). HFF and its affiliates operate out of 24 offices and are a leading provider of commercial real estate and capital markets services to the global commercial real estate industry. HFF, together with its affiliates, offers clients a fully integrated capital markets platform including debt placement, investment sales, equity placement, funds marketing, M&A and corporate advisory, loan sales and loan servicing. For more information please visit hfflp.com or follow HFF on Twitter @HFF. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cerebrospinal Fluid Managemen Systems Market Trends Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Next PostNext Avocado Oil Market Trends Forecast Analysis by Key Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Search Recent Posts Surgical Sutures Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segmentation, Key Players Analysis and Forecast to 2025 Global Laser Flash Instruments for Measuring Thermal Diffusivity Market 2017: Netzsch, TA Instruments & Linseis Thermal Analysis Terrestrial Trunked Radio (TETRA) Market : Insights, Business Opportunities and Competitor Analysis 2017 – 2025 High Arctic Announces AGM Results Global Electronic Design Automation Tools Market 2017: Synopsys, Cadence, Mentor, Zuken & Agnisys RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments4 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Wonkblog Analysis Analysis Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events The one piece of Michelle Obama’s legacy that President Trump can’t wreck The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Caitlin Dewey By Caitlin Dewey May 11 at 4:36 PM Follow @caitlindewey The first lady speaks at a Partnership for a Healthier America event in 2014. (Joshua Roberts/Reuters) There is apparently one piece of former first lady Michelle Obama’s legacy that President Trump cannot roll back: the food industry’s sweeping embrace of healthier, more nutritious products. On Thursday, more than a dozen food companies, including candy maker Mars and convenience chain Cumberland Farms, announced new initiatives with Partnership for a Healthier America, a foundation that Obama chairs and helped found. The initiatives will bring smaller candy bars to checkout aisles and more water to gas stations, among other things. They will also provide a rare bright spot to public health advocates at a time that has seen President Trump’s administration freeze other key parts of the former first lady’s healthy-eating legacy. In the past two weeks alone, the Trump administration has stalled nutrition standards for school lunches and delayed rules that require restaurants to label menu calories. But it seems Trump cannot roll back the former first lady’s continued influence with private companies. “Washington is Washington, but progress will continue,” said Larry Soler, the chief executive of PHA. “We’re proving the private sector can play as big a role as policy change.” [A healthful legacy: Michelle Obama looks to the future of ‘Let’s Move’] For companies, there are financial and political motivations for making these sorts of changes: Consumers are agitating for healthier foods, and in smaller portions, and voluntary industry-led initiatives can stave off regulation. For public health advocates, the partnerships have the potential to get healthier foods in the marketplace. Among the largest of the new initiatives is a partnership with PepsiCo, which will allow PHA to audit the company’s 10-year reduction of added sugar, saturated fat and sodium in its food and beverage portfolios. Pepsi has indicated it will make the changes, which will apply to two-thirds of its beverage and three-quarters of its food portfolio, by investing in healthier product lines. The candy makers Mars, Nestle, Ferrara, Lindt & Sprungli and Ferrero Rocher have promised PHA they will cut portion sizes of half their products to 200 calories or less by 2022, and label at least 90 percent with front-of-pack nutrition information. The five companies make some of America’s most popular candies, including makers of candies including Snickers, M & Ms, Starburst, Butterfingers and Russell Stover’s chocolates. About 30 percent of their packaged products are 200 calories or less now. Separately, the country’s largest convenience chain, Cumberland Farms, has committed to stocking more fresh produce in its 600 locations, and in pricing them competitively against less-healthy options. And Feeding America, a network of 200 food banks that feed 46 million people, has promised to redesign its distribution system to get member food banks to stock more fruits and vegetables. In most cases, these partnerships are binding: PHA requires that its partners sign legal contracts to that effect. In exchange for making, and keeping, these public health commitments, the foundation provides companies publicity, networking and technical assistance. An independent third-party auditor monitors compliance, and PHA can sue partners who violate the terms of their agreement. “I love what Partnership for a Healthier America is doing — it’s not just window-dressing,” said Nancy Roman, chief executive of D.C.’s Capital Area Food Bank, which is also announcing a PHA commitment. “You make a contract, they come measure your progress. They keep your feet to the fire on this.” In the seven years since PHA launched, the foundation has partnered with the likes of Walmart, Dannon and Del Monte to cut calories, sugar and sodium from the U.S. food supply. In 2014, it reported, with the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, that 16 of the country’s largest food companies had already axed 6.4 trillion calories from their product lines. PHA has also overseen marketing campaigns for water and fresh produce, which appear in grocery stores, gas stations and media outlets around the country. “We’ve seen tremendous conversation and cultural shift,” said Deborah Eschmeyer, the former executive director of Let’s Move!, evaluating the legacy of the campaign earlier this year. “This is a new wave for the private sector.” This arrangement has not always been popular: PHA was criticized for partnering with Walmart in 2011, and some liberals have faulted the former first lady for lending her imprimatur to junk-food brands, or for letting corporations “water down” her public-health message. Even some of Mrs. Obama’s allies have said PHA’s partnerships run counter to her nutrition agenda, given that many food companies lobby against nutrition regulations even as they embrace voluntary initiatives. That is the case this year, as well: The National Association of Convenience Stores signed a PHA commitment, promising to push its member stores to stock healthier snacks and bottled water — only weeks after it led an effort to delay menu-labelling requirements that the first lady had also advocated for. Still, at a time when much of the last administration’s nutrition policies seem destined for a rollback, some advocates see reason for optimism in the new partnerships. Earlier this month, the Trump administration froze regulations, championed by the former first lady, that would further reduce the sodium and increase the whole grains served in school meals. The administration has also delayed rules requiring restaurants, grocery stores and other establishments to put calories counts on their menus, and has signaled an interest in pushing back the rollout of new and more transparent nutrition labels. On top of that, the Omnibus bill passed by the House last week forbids government agencies from working with industry on any sort of voluntary sodium requirements, or from issuing any guidelines on food marketing to children. The first lady has praised initiatives to limit the sorts of foods that get advertised to kids, and cheered federal efforts to get junk-food ads out of schools. Absent those sorts of regulations, Obama’s supporters are pinning their hopes for nutritional change on private companies. “They have to respond to the marketplace no matter what goes on in Washington,” said Marion Nestle, a prominent food activist and professor at New York University who has long applauded the former first lady’s efforts. “That’s why so many food companies are promising the ‘no’s—no trans fats, sugars, artificial additives, pesticides, and for food animals, even no antibiotics and hormones. As long as the public demands healthier and more sustainably raised food, the food industry will have to respond.” Candy makers have come to that conclusion, said John Downs, the chief executive of the National Confectioners Association. That industry faces consumer anxiety about sugar, as well as the threat of the new nutrition labels. Some companies, seeking to face those challenges head on, have begun repackaging their products in smaller portion sizes and searching for sugar substitutes. But the five-year partnership signed with PHA on Thursday was the most significant industry move to date, Downs said. The five companies’ commitment will require significant changes, in some cases, to packaging, recipes, manufacturing facilities and marketing materials. “It’s a big commitment, and a big shift,” Downs said. But, he added, “obviously there’s an important and ongoing conversation around sugar in the U.S., and around the world … and our industry has been discussing how we can be a productive part of that conversation.” Elsewhere in the food industry, manufacturers have changed recipes to reduce salt and sugar, according to a recent report by the Consumer Goods Forum. And major food brands, from McDonald’s to Coca-Cola, have launched or acquired new and purportedly healthier products to rehab their junk-food image. Still, a product like Suja cold-pressed juice represents a tiny fraction of Coke’s portfolio. And if the industry is going to make a measurable impact on public health, Nestle said, it still has to cut back on its offerings of highly processed products. Obama, for her part, has signaled she’ll be there for the ride: In a letter to PHA supporters last spring, the former first lady said she planned to continue working on obesity issues long after her husband left office. The former first lady will address the PHA Summit in D.C. on Friday with former White House chef Sam Kass. More from Wonkblog: Trump official freezes Michelle Obama's plan to fight childhood obesity Industry is counting on Trump to back off rules that tell you what's in your food Trump doesn't threaten only President Obama's legacy. He could ruin Michelle Obama's, too. business wonkblog true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 4 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Caitlin Dewey is the food policy writer for Wonkblog. Subscribe to her daily newsletter: tinyletter.com/cdewey. Follow @caitlindewey 4 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Trump, China reach preliminary trade agreements on beef, poultry 2 ‘The unfortunate thing about Macy’s’: Just about everything 3 Behind Trump’s ‘prime the pump’ gaffe is a bunch of real news 4 Analysis Microsoft has fully acknowledged that you will never use a Windows Phone for work 5 Analysis Trump’s ‘You’re fired’ message to Comey broke this basic rule of management The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA -0.11% NASDAQ -0.22% Get quote Last Update: 05/12/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business wonkblog Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Friday, May 12, 2017 As of 4:56 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment News Aldi’s biggest sale in Australia starts on May 20 By Frenalyn Wilson on May 12 2017 6:21 AM 0 0 0 0 A customer walks into the German discount supermarket ALDI in Sydney, Australia June 19, 2015. Reuters/David Gray Aldi announced that its biggest sale day of the year in Australia is happening on May 20. The event appeals to several shoppers primarily because of the savings that come with it, with items available for as low as $6.99. The German retailer’s sale event takes place annually since 2008. Huge bargains on ski clothing, boots, thermal wear and goggles are being offered. Ski jackets and pants, for example, are available for less than $70 each. Aldi, which is mainly a food and grocery store, told news.com.au that it makes up only a small portion of bargains. The retailer’s first day of sale last year has seen disorganized scenes in stores across Australia. It only took two weeks for the entire range of snow gears to be sold out. Aldi chief executive Jason Hart reportedly shared that the retailer’s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower compared to its rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Hindustan Times reported he was looking to maintain the gap moving forward. According to its website, Aldi is synonymous with high quality and exceptional value. It stresses that the goal of the company is to provide a wide range of grocery products at incredibly low prices. Aldi has more than 7,000 stores in three continents. Ross Elliott, owner of Snowgum, said it was Aldi that introduced the hobby of skiing to more people who previously might not have considered it due to the cost. Snowgum is an outdoor clothing, footwear and camping equipment retailer. “What I see up at ski resorts, at weekends and day trips, is people wearing more appropriate clothing now than they would have 10 years ago,” he told The Australian. He believes such type of clothing has become more accessible now that people can shop at Aldi, adding they do not see any negative impact on their sales. Elliott said families that wish to go with their kids at the snow at least once a year will purchase a more affordable product at Aldi. The inexpensive clothing, he said, gave families a chance to enjoy the snow. Aldi started operation in the country in 2001. It has more than 400 stores in Australia and employs more than 9000 people. Moreover, its customers can use the ALDImobile Smartphone app, which is available for Android and iPhone, to manage ALDImobile services. For more news in Australia, see report from Sydney Morning Herald below. Read more: Telstra Wifi calling capability enabled for iPhone, Samsung Galaxy users Blockchain is tipped to change the way Australians shop The Sydney Morning Herald/YouTube Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related ALDI, Kroger, Publix warn customers of fake discount coupons Metal shavings in ALDI hotdog buns Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Analysis reveals non-Australians pocket $15 billion in welfare 0 Shares 2 Bruno Mars Australia tour 2018: Itinerary, ticket details 0 Shares 3 Tasmania and WA cannabis companies to be fully-functional by 2018 0 Shares 4 Tahlia Giumelli raises awareness for Crohn’s disease 0 Shares 5 OnePlus 5 Geekbench score shocks smartphone industry 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: New pictures from Cape Town 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Night shoots 0 Shares 8 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan shares new picture 0 Shares 9 ‘Pokemon GO’ micro-event fails to hit the right chord 0 Shares 10 Rod Laver explains why Roger Federer can beat Rafael Nadal at 2017 French Open 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Qantas crowned Australia’s most attractive employer NT okays $800m Northern Gas Pipeline, Jemena poised to solve Australia's gas crisis Caltex Australia announces $20 million fund to compensate underpaid employees Back to the old fashioned way: Sales of physical books rise, E-book revenue falls Telstra Wifi calling capability enabled for iPhone, Samsung Galaxy users Manufacturers get $100-million fund as automotive producers leave Australia More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East 2017 NBA Playoffs: Boston Celtics just one win away from Eastern Conference Finals NBA Free Agency 2017: Kyle Lowry, Philadelphia 76ers have mutual interest Kawhi Leonard injury update: Spurs star expects to play Game 6 against Houston Rockets Boxing champ Tony Bellew wants a piece of wrestlting star Triple H in the future Braun Strowman injury forces Roman Reigns to face ‘The Miz’ early Rafael Nadal vs Nick Kyrgios live stream: How to watch Madrid Open online More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More 'Tekken x Street Fighter' may resume development Fitbit wearable specs revealed 'Red Dead Redemption 2' PC compatibility will not be announced soon Facebook denies targeting young Australians, Kiwis based on their emotional state Xbox One and Xbox 360 Deals With Gold until May 9 announced: ‘Street Fighter X Tekken’ and ‘DmC: Definitive Edition’ among the best deals Gaming writer Chet Falizek parts amicably with Valve, ‘Half-Life 3’ future bleaker More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Avengers: Infinity War' may introduce new generation of Avengers Marvel may re-acquire film rights with 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' James Gunn hints 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3' release date ‘The Last Kingdom’: Exclusive interview with Alexander Dreymon '13 Reasons Why' season 2: What to expect One more character may not make it to the second season of 'Riverdale' More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Menu EN SP Interiors DIY Shop Food & Drink Travel Life & Business Podcasts Book Community DIY • sponsored posts Candy-Colored Marbled Magnets for Your Easter Basket by Caitlin Kelch Like Halloween, Easter tends to be one of those special occasions that can be fueled by candy. We’ve been coming up with candy-alternatives for holidays for the last few years in our family, and these magnets are one of my favorite ways to celebrate the tradition of sweet confections tucked in a beautiful basket — without any ill-effects. There’s always a favorite chocolate or treat in there too, but these beauties are the star of the show. I also love that they encourage my daughter to post her own notables on the fridge! If you’re looking for a less-sugar, more-creative way to celebrate too, this simple DIY is perfect for an Easter basket treat or just dressing up your refrigerator any day of the week. –Caitlin *This post is brought to you in collaboration with Waverly Inspirations. This project, ideas, and words are from us here at D*S and were created by us,  for you and your family. Thanks for supporting our sponsors that help us create and publish original content like this. The Waverly Inspirations collection is available at Walmart. Author’s Note: This DIY should be used with or given to children 12 or older. Be sure to give clear instructions that these magnets are not to be eaten or left around small children or pets. Supplies Large round magnets (We used 1.5" magnets.) Paint (We used Waverly Inspirations semi-gloss paints in these colors: Sunshine, Lagoon, Bubble Gum, Coral, Lemon Lime and White Opal.) Paint brush, straight pin, chopstick (Experiment with a variety of object tips for the swirling!) Newspaper or scrap paper to cover your table surface Instructions Step 1 Gather your materials in one spot and cover your work surface with something you can discard after your project. Step 2 Carefully drizzle your base color on top of your magnet surface. This can take some practice to not drop too much paint. TIP: If you do drizzle too much, wipe it off and start again, using the tip of a paintbrush dipped in paint to do the drizzling. Step 3 Drizzle your next color on top of, and around, your base color. Step 4 Use the tip of your brush, straight pin or other object to combine the paints into a marbled effect. Remember the goal is to not just combine the colors, but to stretch the paint layers into each other. As the paint sits on the magnet surface, it will do some merging of its own. Your job is to guide that motion, let it set a bit and then guide some more. TIP: If your paint is merging in a way that one color is covering up the other, this is the time to swirl! You can also add a tiny bit of the missing color on top of the second layer to make it more more prominent again. Step 5 Keep swirling until you’ve achieved the effect you like. Set aside to dry completely for 2 – 3 hours or until the paint is set and dry. Step 6 Use your candy-colored magnets on the fridge with an Easter note or tuck in a basket filled with goodies! Print Suggested For You Before & After: A Backyard Balcony Gets a Makeover for Summer Sunsets A Sweet Mother’s Day Recipe Journal To Share & Share Alike An Art Deco Treasure Goes Retro Modern Inside & Out Comments Carolann Rule says: Apr 12, 2017 at 1:48 pm Gorgeous magnets, but this seems a little scary for Easter baskets considering small children have been known to put everything in their mouths. reply Caitlin Kelch says: Apr 12, 2017 at 1:52 pm Thanks Carolann. I just added a note to stress that point. Caitlin reply Sofia says: Apr 12, 2017 at 3:46 pm Love how fun and easy this is! I know I’m always losing my fridge magnets (or breaking them) and pretty ones can be hard to find! xo, Sofia reply Kathleen says: Apr 12, 2017 at 5:27 pm So cute! Love anything marbled. reply Steffi says: Apr 13, 2017 at 6:28 am Big fan of marbled things! This DIY is amazing! reply Allie says: May 11, 2017 at 2:51 pm Where did you get your magnets from? reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Design*Sponge reserves the right to restrict comments that do not contribute constructively to the conversation at hand, contain profanity, personal attacks, hate speech or seek to promote a personal or unrelated business. Our goal is to create a safe space where everyone (commenters, subjects of posts and moderators) feels comfortable to speak. Please treat others the way you would like to be treated and be willing to take responsibility for the impact your words may have on others. Disagreement, differences of opinion and heated discussion are welcome, but comments that do not seek to have a mature and constructive dialogue will not be published. We moderate all comments with great care and do not delete any lightly. Please note that our team (writers, moderators and guests) deserve the same right to speak and respond as you do, and your comments may be responded to or disagreed with. These guidelines help us maintain a safe space and work toward our goal of connecting with and learning from each other. Name * Email * Website Get the D*S Newsletter SUBSCRIBE Follow us on Featured Our (Evolving) Redesign + Murals by Louise Chen Popular This Week Before & After: A Garage Becomes A Home Closer To Grandma What Becoming a Parent Taught Me About Design and Control An Ode To Open Shelves: 15 of Our Favorites Must Read Our (Evolving) Redesign + Murals by Louise Chen Popular This Month A Landmarked Park Slope Brownstone Awakens with Vibrant Color A Home in Rural Mississippi, Built Like An Art Gallery Just Let Go: 5 Decor Worries to Abandon About Contact Advertise © Design*Sponge LLC, 2007-2017. All rights reserved. Domino Collective
null
Latest News Dow 20,919 -23.69 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,116 -13.18 -0.22% S&P 500 2,394 -5.19 -0.22% 2:53 A.M. ET AstraZeneca plans Imfinzi submission after trial 2:51 A.M. ET German GDP up 0.6% on buoyant trade, beating U.S. 2:15 A.M. ET Noble shares slide to fresh 15-year low 2:14 A.M. ET Petrobras posts biggest profit in 2 years 2:14 A.M. ET Greece eyes bond sale amid optimism over debt deal 1:58 A.M. ET United Internet to acquire Drillisch for $3.04B 1:15 A.M. ET Updated Oil poised to gain more than 3% this week as hopes grow over OPEC resolve 12:57 A.M. ET Petrobras posts largest profit in two years 12:01 A.M. ET Fraud alerts are on the rise. Here’s why. 12:01 A.M. ET Why credit and debit card fraud alerts have spiked 5/11 Judge deals blows against Uber in legal battle with Alphabet 5/11 White House announces trade deal with China to boost U.S. exports 5/11 Asian markets pull back after weak earnings in U.S. 5/11 Updated Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover 5/11 United evacuates Houston flight after scorpion spotted 5/11 San Francisco sues Uber to obtain information about local drivers 5/11 Trump admits Russia probe played into Comey’s firing 5/11 Nvidia’s $3 billion chip sends stock to yet more records 5/11 Updated Anheuser-Busch InBev shuts out craft beer brewers by hoarding hops 5/11 Updated ‘This is not a business’: So begins an investing guru’s tirade against Snap Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale Macy's says 'we're not dead' after earnings miss By Suzanne Kapner Published: May 11, 2017 1:32 p.m. ET Share By SuzanneKapner Macy's Inc.'s troubles showed no sign of abating as the department store reported another quarter of falling sales, ahead of a flurry of results from other retailers battling similar problems with store traffic and online competition. During the April quarter, sales at Macy's stores open at least a year declined 5.2%, worse than the 3% decrease analysts expected, according to Consensus Metrix, marking the ninth straight quarter that same-store sales have fallen. Shares of the company dropped 14% to $25.10 as profit also dropped. The stock has been pummeled this year, already falling 18% through Wednesday's close. "Don't count us out, we're not dead," Karen Hoguet, Macy's chief financial officer, said in an interview. The company is rolling out several initiatives that it expects to lift sales, including reconfigured shoe and fine-jewelry departments, she added. "While we'll be operating fewer stores, we have the opportunity to make our stores better." The government is expected on Friday to release its monthly retail sales data, with economists expecting a 0.5% increase in April, following two months of declines. Ms. Hoguet said that despite an uptick in sales in March and April from an unusually weak February, Macy's wasn't banking on a rebound in consumer spending this year. Kohl's Corp., which on Thursday reported declines in same-store sales, also saw improvements in sales and traffic as the quarter progressed, according to Chief Executive Kevin Mansell. February same-store sales declined around 8%, while same-store sales in the combined March-April period were down just 1%. Mr. Mansell said February could have been affected by the slower-than-usual receipt of tax refunds. The retail sector is in focus on Wall Street over the next few days, with Nordstrom Inc. scheduled to report results Thursday afternoon, followed by J.C. Penney Co. on Friday and Home Depot Inc., Target Corp. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. next week. Foot traffic continues to dwindle at brick-and-mortar stores as shoppers increasingly opt to make purchases online. Retailers have responded by shutting stores and cutting jobs. "The past year will be remembered as one of the most challenging periods for 'brick and mortar' retailers," Sears Holdings Corp. Chief Executive Edward Lampert wrote in a blog post Thursday, adding that the Sears and Kmart chains were "fighting like hell" to transform to meet these challenges. Macy's early this year it said it would eliminate more than 10,000 jobs and detailed plans to close dozens of stores after another weak holiday season, further signaling that department stores have lost their once-central place in American retailing. The 159-year-old retailer has been testing programs to lift sales, such as weeding out certain shoe styles and buying deeper in the ones its merchants considered winners. It also added more color and fashion and armed its sales staff with technology to make it easier for them to see what was in stock. In certain stores, Macy's tested an open sales format similar to DSW Inc. The changes, which will be rolled out to all stores by August, drove a double digit increase in shoe sales. Macy's Chief Executive Jeffrey Gennette, who took the reins from Terry Lundgren in March, said he expects the expanded programs will have a measurable impact starting this quarter and building through the fall. "In 2017, we are focused on taking actions to stabilize our brick-and-mortar business," Mr. Gennette said. In all for the first quarter, Macy's posted a profit of $71 million, or 23 cents a share, down from $116 million, or 37 cents a share, a year earlier. Overall sales fell 7.5% to $5.34 billion, below expectations of $5.47 billion, in part owing to store closings. Still, Macy's backed its 2017 guidance for total sales to be down between 3.2% and 4.3%. Kohl's said inventory management helped it improve its bottom line in the first quarter despite lackluster sales. Gross margin widened and adjusted earnings beat Wall Street estimates by a dime. Kohl's has made a big bet on activewear, with its Under Armour launch and an expanded Nike business, and that helped lift sales in the quarter, Mr. Mansell said. He added that Kohl's is beginning a targeted effort to capture sales from competitors who are closing stores in the hopes of boosting traffic at its own locations. But the company is also continuing to focus on expense reduction and plans to outline broader cost-cutting plans when it reports its next quarterly results in August. Kohl's stock was down 5.9% in recent trading to $37.93. Write to Suzanne Kapner at Suzanne.Kapner@wsj.com and Anne Steele at Anne.Steele@wsj.com More from MarketWatch Trump and Pence Face Questions on Comey Firing Model 3: The Key to Tesla’s Future? Cannes Film Festival shuts Netflix out of future competitions Most Popular Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover Nvidia’s $3 billion chip sends stock to yet more records Watch as helicopter warns surfers they’re next to ‘approximately 15 great white sharks’ Morgan Stanley says risk of a recession has decreased to 1-in-4 odds 'Forest Bathers' Seek Therapeutic Effects of Trees MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
LATEST SHOWS searchSearch Donate Subscribe Menu Menu Donate Subscribe close Search Marketplace search MARKETPLACE SHOWS Shows Marketplace Helmed by Kai Ryssdal, our flagship program examines what the day in money delivered, through stories, conversations, newsworthy numbers and more. Morning Report Host David Brancaccio explores the latest on markets, money, jobs and innovation, providing the context you need to make smarter decisions. Tech Host Ben Johnson tackles the business behind the technology that's obsessing us and changing our lives. Weekend Host Lizzie O'Leary gives you a relaxed yet informative look at where the economy collides with real life. It's everything from the paycheck to the personal. Currently Featured Series Currently Featured Series The Economic Anxiety Index What's your score? Take the quiz and compare to the rest of the country Robot-Proof Jobs We're looking at how machines are increasingly entering the workforce — and what we can do to adapt. Make Me Smart Because none of us is as smart as all of us. The Big Promise Our yearlong series on Erie County, Pennsylvania. TOPICS Topics Business Economy Sustainability World Tech Elections Health Care Education Life Wealth & Poverty Money Entertainment MUSIC AIR TIMES ABOUT US CAREERS CONTACT Play Pause DownloadDownload EmbedEmbed Embed Code Copy Close Latest Stories Latest Shows Popular Now Mentioned on Air Podcasts Sponsor Marketplace TodayBecome a Corporate Sponsor ▧ Latest Stories View More ▧ Popular Now View More FACEBOOK Share on Facebook TWITTER Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share by email Economy With sales falling, Whole Foods replaces nearly half its board members By Marielle Segarra May 11, 2017 | 8:54 AM Listen to this story Download Embed Embed Code<iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2017/05/11/economy/sales-falling-whole-foods-replaces-nearly-half-its-board-members/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe> Copy Close  - Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Listen To The Story Marketplace Downloaddownload Embedembed Embed Code<iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2017/05/11/economy/sales-falling-whole-foods-replaces-nearly-half-its-board-members/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe> Copy Close If you wanted to buy organic quinoa or grass-fed beef, Whole Foods used to be the place to go. Now, other stores sell those products too — your regular supermarket, Trader Joe’s, even Wal-Mart. “These new entrants are stealing the idea, and they're doing it at a lower price,” said Peter Cohan, who teaches strategy at Babson College in Massachusetts. With sales falling, Whole Foods is facing pressure from a few key investors to turn itself around. The company named a new chairwoman yesterday, and it’s replacing five of its board members. The new members include former executives at Foot Locker, Best Buy and the restaurant chain Panera.  The company is hoping that’ll fend off more aggressive actions by activist investors, Cohan said. What can the new board do to change things? Board members generally do big-picture, strategic thinking, said Nicholas Pearce, a professor at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management. “So this could be repositioning the brand,” Pearce said. “It could be re-envisioning how Whole Foods thinks of itself.” Whether that will satisfy investors is another story. Related How shareholders jumped to first in line for profits The first corporations — way back — had social purpose Houses near Whole Foods cost more than average home Follow Marielle Segarra at @mariellesegarra.  Marielle Segarra Marielle Segarra is a general assignment reporter for Marketplace. She joined the Marketplace team from WHYY-FM, where she reported on housing, economic development, pension reform, and other issues affecting Pennsylvania cities. Before WHYY, Marielle was an editor at CFO, a corporate finance... Read More Twitter: mariellesegarra FACEBOOK Share on Facebook TWITTER Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share by email Show Comments Subscribe to the  Marketplacenewsletter. Follow the Podcast support us Mexico’s buoyant exports prompt cheer and fear Business World Life Tech Sustainability Education Wealth & Poverty Entertainment Money Access: Marketplace Apps Newsletters Podcasts Stations Contact Submissions Follow Us On: FACEBOOKfacebook TWITTERtwitter instagram ©  2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All Rights Reserved. About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Feedback
Top News Opinion Entertainment Taiwan Living Learn English E-Newsletter App International Edition Friday May 12, 2017 About Us App Advertise Contact Us China Shanghai Macau Hong Kong Beijing Local News National News Business CEO Talks Alibaba's next online stop: the whole world ANN@The China Post  Friday, May 12, 2017, 12:19 am TWN SHARE CLOSE Blogger   Google+ Live Journal   Plurk Stumble Upon     Tweet A- A+ 中文 With growth slowing in China, the internet behemoth unleashes AliExpress for global e-commerce dominance, applying lessons from Tmall For Carine Danblier, 51, a Belgian housewife based in Brussels, shopping on Chinese online marketplace AliExpress has proved to be nothing short of a treasure hunt. Every week, she snaps up cooking accessories, shoes and electronic gadgets directly from China via AliExpress, a subsidiary of Alibaba Group Holding. A few taps on her device keypad, followed by a few days in wait－that's all it takes for the tamper-proof parcels to materialize at her doorstep. So impressed was Danblier with AliExpress that she created a Facebook page just to share images of the goodies as well as information on online deals. Two years on, the page has 100,000 followers. Alibaba has also become famous in Europe for its Singles Day shopping extravaganza on Nov 11, which created a buzz on online social media. The shopping fest has made Alibaba the world's top e-commerce marketplace by transaction value. It reported a gross merchandise volume of $485 billion in fiscal year 2016. This is higher than $482 billion in revenues netted by Walmart Inc in the same period. Alibaba is expanding overseas aggressively using AliExpress, in the process taking on global rivals such as Amazon and eBay. Founded in 2010, AliExpress is the equivalent of Alibaba's business-to-customer site Tmall, but targets only overseas customers. It has attracted more than 100 million international buyers as of April, said Dai Shan, president of Alibaba's business-to-business unit. Following a decade of explosive growth, China's online retail market is expected to slow down to a 15 percent compounded annual growth rate, consultancy Mintel has projected. This means internet behemoths like Alibaba need to foray abroad for new sources of income. AliExpress is gaining traction among users such as Danblier by reshaping their shopping behavior and building a personal rapport, said Zuniga Perez Pell, an employee at AliExpress' Spanish operations. "Wedding is perhaps the most important occasion for women. In the past, Spanish women never bought wedding dresses online. But now, taking a look at AliExpress before buying is becoming a ritual," he said. Agreed John Arregui, a regular Spanish shopper on Ali-Express. His personal favorite is footwear. "I really like the clear assortment of all types of shoes, and I'd say China-made footwear is of superb quality." Alfonso Noriega Gomez, economic and commercial counselor of the Consulate General of Spain in Shanghai, believes e-commerce is an essential engine to promote trade and economic relations and a major conduit for products made around the world. "Through Tmall and Tmall Global, Chinese consumers are able to enjoy products from Spain. We hope AliExpress can bring alive the virtual Silk Road by connecting Chinese merchandise with countries including Spain," he said at an AliExpress conference in Hangzhou earlier this month. 1|2|Next Page>> PREVIOUS ARTICLE Belt and Road to tap local currencies, says PBOC's deputy governor NEXT ARTICLE Ali ecosystem takes shape in SEA Facebook Twitter Google+ Write a Comment Terms Enter your comments - 3000 characters max Type in image code  Receive our promos  Respond to this email Submit MOST POPULAR OF THIS SECTION 1 China warns of N. Korea conflict 'at any moment' 2 Mini nuclear reactor now ready to be built 3 Medical firm welcomes healthcare reforms 4 Chinese dealings in Malaysia under scrutiny 5 Sourcing top-notch talents for China Inc 6 Chinese foreign minister: No winners if Korea war breaks out 7 Chinese military launches first domestically built aircraft carrier 8 China is tasting its own medicine after the Russians blocked WeChat 9 ASEAN leaders wrestle over China at summit 10 China demands halt to THAAD Subscribe  |   Advertise  |   RSS Feed  |   About Us  |   Career  |   Contact Us Sitemap  |   Top Stories  |   Taiwan  |   China  |   Business  |   Asia  |   World  |   Sports  |   Life  |   Arts & Leisure  |   Health  |   Editorial  |   Commentary Travel  |   Movies  |   TV Listings  |   Classifieds  |   Bookstore  |   Getting Around  |   Weather  |   Guide Post  |   Student Post  |   Terms of Use  |   Sitemap   Copyright © 1999 – 2017 The China Post. Breaking news from Taiwan, China and the world. News X Top Stories Taiwan China Business Asia World Sports Life Health Opinion X Editorial Commentary Entertainment X Movies & TV Arts & Leisure Discover Taiwan Travel Taiwain Living X Dream Catcher Eye On Taiwan Consumer Highlights TV Listings Classifieds Supplement Chinese Fables Getting Around Weather Learn English X Guide Post Bilingual News Student Post
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/11/2017 - 05/11/2017 - Lambert Strether In Bleak Prognosis, Italy’s Financial Regulator Threatens EU with Return to a “National Currency” - 05/11/2017 - Yves Smith Links 5/11/17 - 05/11/2017 - Yves Smith International Arbitration Is the Way to Settle the UK’s Brexit Bill - 05/11/2017 - Yves Smith Secretly Approved in Alaska, Will LNG Trains Soon Appear in Rest of US? - 05/11/2017 - Yves Smith Ilargi: Comey and the End of Conversation - 05/11/2017 - Yves Smith VA Hospital Forcing Patients to Use Facebook and Twitter - 05/11/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/10/2017 - 05/10/2017 - Lambert Strether The Role of Social Security Wealth: A Head-to-Head Comparison of Germany and the US - 05/10/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/11/2017 Posted on May 11, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Trade “[T]he most significant growth in cross-border flows now comes in the form of data. Like other flows, data flows can demonstrate imbalances among exports and imports. Some of these flows represent ‘raw’ data while others represent high-value-added data products. Does any of this make a difference in national economic development trajectories? This paper argues that the answer is yes” [Cambridge University Press]. Politics 2016 Post Mortem “Clinton’s Defeat: Outside Factors Hurt, but Blame Falls on the Candidate” [Charles Cook, The Cook Report]. Two quotes, since Cook is about as close to a dean of political reporting as we have these days, David Broder [genuflects] having passed away: But those [DNC and Podesta email] leaks and Comey’s pro­nounce­ments would not have made a dif­fer­ence had Clin­ton run a bet­ter cam­paign. In­stead of try­ing to win over mal­le­able voters, her team tried to re-cre­ate the Obama co­ali­tion of minor­it­ies, mil­len­ni­als, lib­er­als, and urb­an voters—nev­er mind that the can­did­ate was a 69-year-old white wo­man who had been in the pub­lic eye for 25 years, not a young, cha­ris­mat­ic, fresh face seek­ing to be­come the first Afric­an-Amer­ic­an pres­id­ent. And: But you have to give cred­it to Trump and his cam­paign. He tapped in­to fear, an­ger, and re­sent­ments that polit­ic­al pros had either ig­nored or dis­missed. He settled down and be­came as fo­cused as he is cap­able of be­ing in the fi­nal two weeks, when it really mattered. And his cam­paign blew through cracks in the vaunted blue wall of states that Demo­crats thought was im­pen­et­rable. The 2016 pres­id­en­tial elec­tion had a lot of mov­ing parts, a lot of vari­ables that alone might not have af­fected the out­come but col­lect­ively cer­tainly did. No one or two things ex­plain a race that be­low the radar was closer than na­tion­al polls in­dic­ated—and that on Elec­tion Day el­ev­ated to the pres­id­ency a polit­ic­al novice whose strength among or­din­ary voters was masked by the loath­ing of the elites. Worth a read, if only for the refreshing lack of hysteria. I know this is only one example, but: before anyone spews any more shit about the korean people being &quot;&quot;mindlessly devoted&quot;&quot; to their &quot;&quot;glorious leader&quot;&quot; pic.twitter.com/sgXJIO8qp0 &mdash; Great Tweets! Daily. (@classicwebjokes) April 27, 2017 2018 “Gov. Paul LePage will not enter the 2018 race for the U.S. Senate seat now held by Angus King, said LePage’s former gubernatorial campaign strategist and current political adviser in a prepared statement Wednesday night” [Portland Press-Herald]. 2020 “The new [“Onward Together “] super PAC, if that’s what it is, would put the Clintons in the role of kingmakers, using money to help candidates they favor. And it will look suspiciously like a framework in the making for Hillary’s still-not-ruled-out 2020 campaign” [Los Angeles Times]. On the other hand, if only Clinton could lure the entire political class into the Great Sept of Baelor… Trump Transition “Transcript: Interview with Donald Trump” [The Economist]. “NBC News’ Lester Holt to Interview President Trump” [NBC]. On the news tonight. Realignment and Legitimacy “If Bernie says working class and you hear white working class, it is on you not Bernie” [Alice Marshall, Medium]. Yep. “‘Berniecrats’ roil state Democratic Party leadership fight” [Capitol Weekly]. “At stake is the party chairmanship held by the departing John Burton, a liberal icon, a longtime lawmaker and former Senate leader who became chair in 2009…. “We’re hoping to get Kimberly Ellis elected, that’s probably the primary goal, but the other is to get Bernie people involved in local government,” said Alexis Edelstein, founder and CEO of the 300-member Berniecrats of California. They surprised insiders by dominating the obscure process — electing a third of the delegates for the state convention, scheduled for May 19-21 in Sacramento. They believe they have turned the once-sleepy race for a new party chair into a serious contest with Bauman, long viewed as the front-runner.” “No One Expected Obama Would Deport More People Than any Other U.S. President” [WNYC]. “Advocate: Trump’s Deportations are Possible Because Obama & Congress Failed to Protect Immigrants” [Democracy Now!] Stats Watch Yesterday and today: Producer Price Index (Final Demand), April 2017: “March was an unusually weak month for inflation and April, after yesterday’s import & export price report followed by today’s producer price report, is shaping up to prove an unusually strong month” [Econoday]. “Because of the size of the monthly swings and questions surrounding Easter, March and April will have to be taken together when assessing inflation data, as it is when assessing retail sales for the two months. Today’s report points to another set of upside surprises in tomorrow’s consumer price report.” And: Mostly the data shows Producer Price data was treading water. In general, Goods inflation surge trend has moderated whilst services inflation is now on the high end of readings seen over the last year. This month’s inflation data is worse than expectations” [Econoday]. Atlanta Fed Business Inflation Expectations, May 2017: “Price expectations, both in this report and on the consumer side, have been muted, a factor that may limit the Federal Reserve’s efforts to reinflate the economy” [Econoday]. Bloomberg Consumer Comfort Index, week of May 7, 2017: “Consumer confidence readings are beginning to edge back from expansion highs including the consumer comfort index which fell a sizable 1.2 points” [Econoday]. MBA Mortgage Applications, week of May 5, 2016 (yesterday): “[R]ose a seasonally adjusted 2 percent … to a level 6 percent higher than a year ago and the highest reading since October 2015. Refinancing applications also revived and were up 3 percent” [Econoday]. “[T]he housing market is having a remarkably good Spring selling, as underscored by government housing data showing a very fast start for housing in March, when new home and existing home sales both reached expansion highs.” Import and Export Prices, April 2017 (yesterday): “Price data were unusually weak in March and now the first indication in April is unusually strong” [Econoday]. “The shift from March weakness to April strength points perhaps to the effects of seasonal issues, specifically March’s heavy weather (which hurt March) and Easter’s calendar shift into April (which also hurt March to the benefit of April). Today’s results suggest that March’s 16-year low for the core PCE price index is likely to be quickly reversed and that Thursday’s producer prices and Friday’s consumer prices may both come in higher than expected.” Jobless Claims, week of May 6, 2017: Lower than expected [Econoday]. “Confirming the positive signal from initial claims are continuing claims,” a 29-year low. Jobless claims were low under feudalism, too. Shipping: “The Where’s my container app will allow shippers and their freight forwarders to find the status of any container in the operator’s ports simply by inputting the container number” (DP World announced) [The Loadstar]. So much for the premise of Spook Country (2007). Life comes at you fast. Shipping: “Maersk Executives Call a Bottom in the Shipping Container Market” [Wall Street Journal]. Cartels work! Shipping; “The U.S. Postal Service (USPS) today posted a $474 million year-over-year decline in fiscal second-quarter operating revenue, due in large part to the April 2016 expiration of a 4.3-percent emergency surcharge that went into effect in January 2014, and a $69 million increase in so-called controllable expenses stemming from higher labor costs” [DC Velocity]. Political Risk: “Firing Comey and Trump Agenda” [Across the Curve]. I can’t find this on Google, so maybe AtC got it off the Bloomberg terminal. It’s a good round-up, and well worth a read. My favorite comment is that the situation on Capitol Hill is “almost unimaginably fluid.” The thing is, I can’t frame that the deliberate creation of “fluidity” in Machivellian terms, and it’s a safe bet that most of the players on the Hill are Machiavellian. Creating volatility is strategic if… If… You’re properly hedged? Readers? Political Risk: “Supply chain managers are being told that three of the most pressing risks to business performance in the 21st century are cyber attack, natural hazards and supply chain failure” [Logistics Managment]. “For companies concerned by the increasing incidence of cyber attack, oil-rich Saudi Arabia has emerged as a country with above-average inherent cyber risk. Its high internet penetration, combined with a limited cyber security industry, make it a more vulnerable target…. [F]ood-prone Bangladesh, a major manufacturing hub for apparel and textiles, ranks toward the bottom of the index…. For companies with global supply chains, Germany, a major exporter and importer, ranks near the top in resilience, driven in part by its strong ability to demonstrate where parts, components or products are in transit. Russia ranks below average in this respect.” War on Cash: “Mastercard, Visa and UnionPay International have introduced a standardised QR code platform for payments in Thailand that will let consumers make a transaction with their mobile device at any supporting location. The service has been designed to support the Bank of Thailand’s cashless agenda which aims to “drive innovation, interoperability and security in payments” across the country” [NFC World]. Political Risk: “Although some [Silk Road] projects such as a new China-Europe freight rail line have gotten plenty of attention, analysts say investments by China’s development banks have been modest and out of step with the soaring official rhetoric. Expected beneficiaries in the belt-and-road countries are still waiting for the gusher of Chinese infrastructure funds to open up and draw their backwater economies into global supply chains. With China’s economy stretched, however, companies there are largely sticking to safer markets. Some analysts say that’s just as well since bigger investment in belt-and-road projects could prove disastrous in other countries if the money goes to dud projects” [Wall Street Journal]. Then again– Political Risk: “Lessons for China in failed US Silk Road initiative” [South China Morning Post]. “The United States’ New Silk Road initiative [under SoS Clinton] was ‘basically a collection of interesting, somewhat promising but cash-poor ideas about regional connectivity’, said George Gavrilis, author of the 2008 book Dynamics of Interstate Boundaries, a study on border control in Central Asia since the 19th century. Beijing’s plan had ‘a lot more money behind it in the form of loans, grants, soft loans, low-conditionality and no-conditionality loans.'” And Trump has yet to appoint an Ambassador to Afghanistan, which “sits at the center” of the Silk Road. The Bezzle: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s international expansion efforts are about to get much more costly. U.S. authorities are asking the company to pay $300 million to settle a five-year investigation into allegations of foreign bribery, the WSJ’s Aruna Viswanatha and Sarah Nassauer report. That possible settlement comes on top of some $840 million the retailer has already spent on an internal investigation and to upgrade its own compliance operations. The penalty would allow the company to clear away a cloud that has been hanging over its business and its global expansion in several countries, where Wal-Mart has been aggressively adding big storefront and logistics operations” [Wall Street Journal]. A billion dollars is real money, even for Walmart, but how come nobody ever goes to jail? Five Horsemen (yesterday): Rest day for the Fab Five” [Hat tip: Jim Haygood]. Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 62 Neutral (previous close: 61, Neutral) [CNN]. One week ago: 45 (Neutral). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed. Last updated May 11 at 12:28pm. I take a day off, and Mr. Market flips 10 points to greed. I dunno… . Health Care “How Economic Incentives have Created our Dysfunctional US Medical Market” [Elizabeth Rosenthal, Medium]. 10 rules. Here is #8: “There is no such thing as a fixed price for a procedure or test. And the uninsured pay the highest prices of all.” Which plenty of NC readers would agree with. How are you supposed to be a smart shopper when you can’t know the right price for the goods? Or if there even is a right price? Our Famously Free Press “Publishers are realizing that upward of 75% of digital ad spend goes to two companies that get almost all of their content for free from those same publishers. Premium content trade association Digital Content Next (DCN) did its own calculation recently to show that without Google and Facebook in those otherwise rosy quarterly reports on digital ad growth, the real online ad economy for other publishers may be growing at a 1% rate. DCN CEO Jason Kint told me recently, ‘It’s a completely unhealthy marketplace, considering the industry continues to pump out press releases bragging it’s growing at 20% year-over-year. It’s simply not true'” [EContent Magazine]. Imperial Collapse Watch “NYU Accidentally Exposed Military Code-breaking Computer Project to Entire Internet” [The Intercept]. “The supercomputer described in the trove, “WindsorGreen,” was a system designed to excel at the sort of complex mathematics that underlies encryption, the technology that keeps data private, and almost certainly intended for use by the Defense Department’s signals intelligence wing, the National Security Agency.” Class Warfare “That means 32 percent more robots were bought this year than at the same time in 2016 — it’s the strongest first quarter on record for robots ordered by North American companies, according to the Robotic Industries Association” [recode]. News of the Wired “[In American culture] we have very high levels of self-esteem and narcissism. I think because of the big self-esteem movement, people just got it in their heads that the key to psychological health was self-esteem. Jean Twenge and Keith Campbell showed that because of this emphasis on self-esteem, we actually got a generation of narcissists. I think it’s generally out there in the culture, but maybe especially among parents and educators” [The Atlantic]. By contrast, self-compassion “means treating yourself with the same kind of kindness, care, compassion, as you would treat those you care about—your good friends, your loved ones. “What Emotion Goes Viral the Fastest?” [Smithsonian]. “[R]esearchers at Beihang University in China… gauged various online emotions by tracking emoticons embedded in millions of messages posted on Sina Weibo, a popular Twitter-like microblogging platform. Their conclusion: Joy moves faster than sadness or disgust, but nothing is speedier than rage…. The one emotion that outpaced anger in Berger’s study was awe, the feelings of wonder and excitement that come from encountering great beauty or knowledge, such as a news report of an important discovery in the fight against cancer.” * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (via): One of my summer projects will be learning how to photograph poppies properly, when my wildflowers come in. * * * Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the Naked Capitalism fundraisers. Please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00200 This entry was posted in Guest Post, Water Cooler on May 11, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← In Bleak Prognosis, Italy’s Financial Regulator Threatens EU with Return to a “National Currency” Subscribe to Post Comments 120 comments From Cold Mountain May 11, 2017 at 2:14 pm Wowsers. You have got to watch this video, Georgia state police putting people in jail becasue they THINK they smoked weed and were driving under the influence! NBC News Atlanta: ‘The Drug Whisperer’ The conversation recorded from the dash cam of the police car: Officer Carroll: “I’m going to ask you a question, okay? When was the last time you smoked marijuana?” Katelyn Ebner: “Oh, I don’t do that. I can give you a drug test right now.” Officer Carroll: “You don’t smoke marijuana?” Katelyn Ebner: “I do not, no.” Officer Carroll: “Okay. Well, you’re showing me indicators that you have been smoking marijuana, okay?” Officer Carroll: “Watch your wrists for me, I don’t want to pinch you.” Katelyn Ebner: “I’m going to jail for marijuana?” Officer Carroll: “No, ma’am — not possession, unless I find any in your car. I believe you’re impaired by the marijuana you’ve smoked.” Katelyn Ebner: “Okay, so when I do a drug test, I’ll be free to go, correct?” Officer Carroll: “You’re going to jail, ma’am. Okay? I don’t have a magical drug test that I can give you right now.” So, what they are doing is playing the odds. They will likely find weed in the system of the majority of people that they pull over even though the amount they find is no indication of sobriety. I am trying to find the money trail but no idea how the arrests could …oh…maybe if it fills the private prisons with more bodies? Georgia Beat Only By Texas In Number Of Federal Private Prisons The video is great and great reporting from local news! Reply ↓ Huey Long May 11, 2017 at 2:32 pm Another great reason to travel by bicycle or mass transit whenever feasible! Anything to reduce one’s chances of becoming a victim of the police state, right? Reply ↓ Sandler May 11, 2017 at 3:13 pm This is ridiculous. If you truly believe and act this way why not just emigrate? Reply ↓ From Cold Mountain May 11, 2017 at 3:20 pm If you give me the money that is needed to emigrate I will, gladly. Reply ↓ Carla May 11, 2017 at 3:25 pm Who would have us? Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 11, 2017 at 5:34 pm It doesn’t take a lot of undocumented immigrants from the US for them to become the majority in a tiny country like San Marino. “Would you have us? That is not the question. The question is whether we would keep you natives of San Marino.” Reply ↓ pricklyone May 11, 2017 at 3:42 pm No one should be arrested based on a “feeling” by some cop. Training, my donkey. This is directly related to the “pre-crime” judgement stories lately. “Innocent until proven guilty” is the supposed standard, not the reverse. Where the hell is the ACLU? Lawsuits en masse needed NOW. I know there are actual lawyers in the commentariat, here. Please weigh in. This just reeks. @Huey Long “illegitium non Carborundum”, as my old t-shirt said. ” Don’t let the b**tards grind you down”. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 11, 2017 at 4:00 pm Surely! If you could hook my wife and I up with permanent resident visas to a non-nato country, that would be just peachy. I assure you, my beliefs are sincere, and I really do act this way, cycling and taking the train everywhere I go. Reply ↓ SuTex May 11, 2017 at 5:05 pm If you have a retirement income from Social Security or a pension, try Costa Rica. But some countries retirees go to baffle me as permanent places to go. Who wants to go to Thailand and be unable to criticize the king, for instance, or to a country with censored internet like China. The Georgia thing is horrible but doesn’t happen most places, so it does sound like an overreaction. Kind of like preppers or people off the grid. Reply ↓ Yves Smith May 11, 2017 at 5:39 pm I’m told Costa Rica has now gotten to be pricey due to so many US expats flocking there. Reply ↓ Synoia May 11, 2017 at 6:06 pm Not so bad. Best to go to the cloud forest away from the Coast, and avoid the exPat Ghettos. The best climate for humans is 3,000 ft or more above sea level and in the tropics. Many of the biting insects cannot fly that high. Might want to try Malawi, or Swaziland. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 11, 2017 at 8:45 pm Wow, interesting choice, Swaziland – the world’s most unequal country, with the world’s lowest life expectancy and highest HIV/AIDS rates, run by an absolute monarch with a dislike for democracy and divorce. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 11, 2017 at 6:04 pm This isn’t an isolated incident though and lots of cops are just dumb. Back in the early 90s an acquaintance of mine was pulled over for a similar minor traffic violation and had his van ransacked because the cops were sure he had drugs on him. They finally found a small vial filled with liquid which they felt was evidence, despite his protests that it was not drugs. They smelled it and disagreed. I believe he was arrested before they finally realized it was patchouli oil, just like he told them. Now that day may have been one of the few times he didn’t have some weed in the boogie van, but still the cops ought to be able to tell what’s an illegal drug and what isn’t before arresting someone. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 11, 2017 at 8:13 pm I’m a NYC based working stiff with several more decades to go before retirement. Do you have any other suggestions? Reply ↓ Ook May 11, 2017 at 10:26 pm Normally retirees have a list like this: 1. Cheap 2. Safe 3. Pleasant weather “Can criticize the king” isn’t normally on the list. Reply ↓ hunkerdown May 11, 2017 at 4:15 pm If the US weren’t busy evangelizing its police state the world over at gunpoint like neoliberal Crusaders, exit would be the most rational choice. Curious why you believe the American way of life is non-negotiable. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 11, 2017 at 8:33 pm Curious why you believe the American way of life is non-negotiable. This sentiment is pretty common in the good ‘ole US of A. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve gotten into conversations with people about matters of public policy that end with the other party red faced and screaming “THEN WHY DON’T YOU JUST LEAVE IF YOU DON’T LIKE IT HERE!!!” Reply ↓ hunkerdown May 11, 2017 at 11:13 pm I tend to answer “I can’t get the $2450 together to renounce my citizenship”. The “Love It or Leave It” bumper stickers were still on bumpers when I was growing up. I chose MAD Magazine’s Al Jaffee’s snappy answer: “I only sort of like it, can I live on the Canadian border?” I’m interested in how the proponents justify it these days while the cancer is metastasizing and destroying any real “exit” to be had. And, to be honest, I like to watch people squirm while they justify their secular faith against all evidence. I can’t wait for the next would-be expat open thread. I’d love to know where, if anywhere, a jack-of-all-technologies socialist in their early 40s who speaks un poco español and has no real ticket in the dotcom lottery, could go native and enjoy a modest yet sufficient existence without devoting every waking hour to it. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman May 12, 2017 at 12:20 am From which planet where lethal police whimsy is not something to be frightened of are you writing/did you mean? Anyway, London would be sub-optimal as a destination, several million non-drivers notwithstanding. We have fewer cars here and the cops are (slightly) less tooled up, but they (the cops not the cars) make up for their hardware deficit in sheer frothing aggression. Admittedly though, the chances of ‘becoming a victim’ (i.e. of the uniformed gangstas) work sort of in reverse: riding a bus in particular tends to make you more worthy of whimsy’s nightstick than any commuter on a more expensive subway or train or a suitably upscale bicycle, let alone driving a car. Unless the car is too old that is, or you’re too young for it, especially if you’re black and male, or black and female, brown or “of Eastern appearance” and male or female, or not too old at all but incorrigibly “of” any one of those “appearances”. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner May 11, 2017 at 4:00 pm Not driving a car? What are you some kind of fairy? Or Russian agent? Look at me, Im on bicycle. I can wave hello to my fellow comrades…I mean Soviet citizen…argh…must crush capitalism. Reply ↓ Gary May 11, 2017 at 4:10 pm A bicycle is safer than a Russian Lada. Each time one starts it’s a miracle someone isn’t hit with a spark plug flying out. Each time you turn a corner it’s a miracle when a wheel doesn’t fly off and mow down the pedestrianski. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman May 11, 2017 at 5:46 pm Maybe your Lada was a Chinese counterfeit of that Prestige brand? The one my mother had 30 years ago in NZ (no I don’t know how it got there) was indestructible. Then again it was really a 1970s Fiat, built at Togliattigrad (named for the postwar Italian Communist Party leader who brokered the deal between Brezhnev and the Agnelli family): designed for production in Turin, but the Agnellis’ party was permanently* spoiled there by actual (i.e. non-Party) communists at the Mirafiori factory. (cf. Rabid G. a few days back.) *’Fiat’ (incl. Chrysler) cars are made in Sicily, Poland and Detroit today for reasons ultimately to do with the uproarious (all senses) workforce in northern Italy in the ’70s. Reply ↓ Synoia May 11, 2017 at 6:07 pm No the Lada, and Yugo, were copies of the FIAT 124. Reply ↓ Darius May 11, 2017 at 6:31 pm This is America. The unquestioned assumption is that the car is a vital organ. To survive, the human body needs a heart, lungs, a car, a digestive system, endocrine system, etc. Reply ↓ subgenius May 11, 2017 at 9:02 pm All that environmental destruction and engineering to replace the left leg… Just goes to show the depressing degree of degradation in the education system…although it definitely improves the returns of the medical industrial complex. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman May 12, 2017 at 12:30 am Yeah, that’s the one I mean [http://www.latribune.fr/entreprises-finance/industrie/automobile/20120416trib000693732/le-russe-avtovaz-enterre-definitivement-lafiat-124.html], so I don’t quite get the ‘no’ part. Apologies for the French-language link, but it has quite a poignant photo of the last ones being built in … 2012! Reply ↓ Huey Long May 11, 2017 at 4:31 pm Well I do live in Brighton Beach and according to Maria Zakharova of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs “If you want to know the future, don’t read the mainstream newspapers – our people in Brighton [Beach] will tell you everything.” Perhaps she was referring to me, no? Reply ↓ Corbin Dallas May 11, 2017 at 3:14 pm Wow that video is amazing. I simply cannot believe weed is illegal. IN every possible way its better for the body and the body politic than alcohol (which I also love) and literally 100% of the people I know smoke, eat and use it in tinctures. It angers me to no end, and I don’t just blame GA rednecks, here in “liberal” NYC, de Blasio (darling of Hillary) has his thugs at the NYPD step up MJ arrests, and its almost always Black or Brown people. And now with the Tramp and his little Netanyahu, Sessions, in power, its only going to get worse. Its not academic – people’s lives will be ruined. Reply ↓ Tvc15 May 11, 2017 at 3:36 pm I stole this, but it really resonated with me. If nature is illegal, freedom doesn’t exist. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 11, 2017 at 5:32 pm 2016 NYC Weed Busts Up 1/3 Over 2015 Weed Busts: http://gothamist.com/2016/08/09/nyc_war_on_weed.php In a city whose chief executive is a rumored toker, and confirmed Bunny Wailer aficionado: http://www.spin.com/2017/05/bill-de-blasio-reggae-weed/ Shameful! Also, in NYC you’re far more likely to get arrested/ticketed for marijuana if you’re not white according to Vice: https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/weed-is-basically-legal-in-new-york-city-now-but-only-if-youre-white-1023 Double plus shameful! You’d think De Blasio would put a stop to this as his wife and children are people of color. Then again, De Blasio has come out in support of keeping public school districts in lily white rich NYC neighborhoods segregated http://www.chalkbeat.org/posts/ny/2015/11/06/de-blasio-city-must-respect-families-investments-amid-school-diversity-debates/ Noted Clintonista Samantha Bee’s family is also on board with keeping said segregated districts intact too: http://www.slate.com/blogs/schooled/2016/06/17/the_upper_west_side_is_new_york_s_latest_school_integration_battleground.html Ugh, De Blasio is so slimy!!! Reply ↓ Pat May 11, 2017 at 5:46 pm And he is less of a slug than our governor Cuomo, the guy who never met a charter school he didn’t like for starters. . He did his best to make sure that marijuana was never legal as far as the state was concerned and when that was becoming politically impossible managed to craft and pass a medical marijuana law that makes it nearly impossible to find a doctor, qualify for the prescription, find a dispensary and then afford the highly manufactured legal version. Something tells me that it isn’t just in NYC that marijuana is targeted. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner May 11, 2017 at 7:59 pm What is particularly shocking is Cuomo intends to run for President. After all, it is the party that put up Hillary Clinton. They aren’t exactly bright. I guess he intends to deny it in the future or “evolve” on the issue. He will probably blame Russia. Currently, the establishment Democratic candidate for Virginia governor believes healthcare is a privilege, voted for Shrub twice, and doesn’t want to over turn Virginia’s “right to work” laws. Reply ↓ patrick May 12, 2017 at 12:09 am i live in a different country, The West Coast. Its more relaxed I think. Reply ↓ Gary May 11, 2017 at 4:07 pm In my younger days, I wrote software for county government, mostly for court case management. Cobb was one of my few Georgia counties as was it’s neighbor, Rockdale. In Georgia, adultery was a criminal offense. I happened to do a query to find out if there were actually any cases on file in the late 1980’s. There were probably a dozen or so recent convictions. The south has been a police state for a long time. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi May 11, 2017 at 4:26 pm That video is indeed draw-dropping. Of course at the end of the spot, the reporter takes pains to justify the “brave officers” who “get it right most of the time” (they showed three wrongful arrests who had to go through painstaking processes to clear their names; Ganeesha only knows how many of the 90 other convictions were actually innocent as well but didn’t make it through those hoops/taxes on time). But it turns out the drug detection officers are more accurate than the crime lab that showed their urine was clean. Sounds legit. Lastly, a shout out to MADD who showered the officers with awards and public praise for their “policework” (sic). Donations, credentials, police state, and a legal system calibrated to impoverish the poor (cf the waitress losing her license to work). Sounds like one big happy circle of self-licking ice cream cones. Reply ↓ different clue May 11, 2017 at 5:40 pm I wonder how Officer Carroll would have responded if Katelyn Ebner had said: “No, you do not believe that. You are pretending to believe that. What is your reason for pretending to believe that?” Reply ↓ JohnnyGL May 11, 2017 at 7:11 pm Wow, that’s awful. They’re just smearing people with arrest records. Reply ↓ Matt May 11, 2017 at 9:00 pm It is heartening that there was not a single person in the comments section of that article defending the police. These stories, no matter what, almost always bring out one cop defender for whom the police can do no wrong. Reply ↓ McWatt May 11, 2017 at 2:14 pm Is it just me? The hospital bill is $200.00, the insurance negotiates it to $75.00 and pays it. I am suppose to pay 20% but I get a hospital bill for $125.00 . What gives? Reply ↓ jrs May 11, 2017 at 2:30 pm You have probably not reached your deductible yet (assuming you have a deductible, some HMOs and VERY fancy PPOs don’t). So the 20% part won’t kick in until you meet your deductible. And if it’s out-of-network all bets are off. Where the numbers are even coming from down to the dollar though, who knows :). Is $125 worth fighting the insurance company for for you? Just make sure you understand all the deductible in-network/out-of-network info first if you do. There is a social benefit of people fighting the insurance companies on these games (calling up and getting our money back) as otherwise they will just continue them even more so. So it’s a good thing to do. But one can be too tired to bother, especially knowing how much of a pain it can be, if by some miracle they came out of a hospital (really? must not have done much?) only owing $125. Reply ↓ Anon May 11, 2017 at 3:34 pm Balance billing. First, ask if tests and all individuals a patient interacts with are in network. Second, ask if each transaction (test/business owner) balance bills. The answer is becoming more often ‘yes’. Reply ↓ Detroit Dan May 11, 2017 at 3:24 pm If the insurance negotiates it to $75, that’s the most you should pay, regardless of deductible. Reply ↓ doug May 11, 2017 at 3:44 pm You may be expecting to be treated fairly? Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 11, 2017 at 5:16 pm The hospital is trying to cheat you. Refer to small claims court. What is your credit score worth to you? Reply ↓ Enquiring Mind May 11, 2017 at 2:16 pm Fluidity: After having watched more Senate hearings than I care to remember, I once again in the McCabe kayfabe find that there is more form and less substance. Much of the senatorial bloviating appears to be directed at constituents and lobbyists, as if to say “I’m looking out for your interests, and I asked a question, so remember to vote and donate”. Too much posturing, too little governing. Okay the kayfabe reference was over the top, but I am frustrated as a citizen, as a voter, as a human. I don’t want fake government and didn’t vote for that. Letters to my reps in the Senate and Congress don’t appear to generate anything beyond form letter replies. I need to elect a new voter. /rant Reply ↓ Huey Long May 11, 2017 at 2:33 pm We need to resurrect Frank Church and Otis Pike. Reply ↓ hunkerdown May 11, 2017 at 6:20 pm Between the two, I suspect the Churches will be less effective than the Pikes. Reply ↓ Altandmain May 11, 2017 at 2:20 pm Another one under class warfare: More Than Half Of Canadians Are $200 Away From Insolvency: Survey http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2017/05/09/consumer-debt-canada-mnp-sentiment-survey_n_16510320.html I don’t see the situation getting better any time soon and I bet it’s probably similar in the US right now. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 11, 2017 at 5:39 pm And Canadians have Medicare. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 11, 2017 at 6:36 pm This is starting to look serious, it’s the fourth such article I’ve noticed in a week. First it was US auto loans as the new looming subprime crisis, then Australian mortgage and household debt vulnerability to a house price crash, then auto loans and credit debt in the UK (yesterday) and now it’s the same story from Canada – rising house prices, and credit card and car loan debt, combined there with bank downgrades. The survey, carried out by Ipsos for insolvency consultancy MNP, highlights the fallout from the debt binge Canadian consumers have gone on. Household debt reached an all-time high above 167 per cent of disposable income in the fourth quarter of 2016. MNP places some of the blame for that on rising house prices, but data shows Canadians are taking on more credit card and car loan debt as well. US auto is obviously a small part of US household debt, but Canada and Australia are at record private sector debt levels and are exposed to commodity slumps, while UK is Brexit affected. Scandinavia also seems to be at record debt levels. The housing bubble here may already have peaked. China is slowing and struggling to control corporate debt. What odds on a new GFC late this (northern) summer, triggered by debt in anglophone countries? Reply ↓ EricT May 11, 2017 at 10:07 pm Those all time record corporate profits have to come from somewhere. Reply ↓ Altandmain May 11, 2017 at 11:56 pm Low wages I think is the biggest one. Rent seeking is the other. Reply ↓ John Wright May 12, 2017 at 12:57 am It is not as if the typical American corporation is flush with cash. http://fortune.com/2016/05/20/corporate-america-debt/ “Studying S&P’s universe of more than 2,000 non-financial corporations, S&P’s researchers found that corporate issuers of debt had on hand a record $1.84 trillion in cash. But that statistic doesn’t tell us very much about the health of individual companies, because it appears cash is more concentrated at the top than ever. The top 1% of corporate cash holders, which translates in to 25 large companies—a group dominated by big tech companies like Apple (aapl, -0.05%), Microsoft (msft, -0.17%), and Google-owner Alphabet (googl, -0.21%)—have slightly more than half of the total cash pile of Corporate America. That’s up from 38% just five years ago.” “If you remove the top 25 cash holders, you’ll find that for most of Corporate America, cash on hand is declining even as these companies rack up more and more debt at historic rates. The bottom 99% of corporate borrowers have just $900 billion in cash on hand to back up $6 trillion in debt. “This resulted in a cash-to-debt ratio of 12%—the lowest recorded over the past decade, including the years preceding the Great Recession,” the report reads.” For every debtor there must be a creditor, so pension/bond funds must be holding this debt and the top 25 must have invested their cash in some debt instrument. Maybe some is also on the Fed’s books It will be interesting if many corporations decide to sell more equity to raise cash. The “all time corporate profits” are not translating to a lot of cash on hand for many corporations. . Reply ↓ Yves Smith May 12, 2017 at 2:11 am It’s worth noting that public companies have been borrowing to make stock buybacks for years, so a big chunk of the indebtedness is due to that. Reply ↓ Altandmain May 11, 2017 at 2:24 pm Past the 5 minute mark for editing, but here’s one: If Dems Want Unity, They Will Need To Establish Integrity http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/5910a296e4b056aa2363d792 Really this “Party Unity talk” means that they want the left to shut up and fall in line, while they sell the US out to Wall Street. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 11, 2017 at 2:37 pm +1 The Democratic Party serves as a bug zapper lamp for the left in America. Reply ↓ JustAnObserver May 11, 2017 at 6:39 pm Appeals to Unity are the last refuge of the DNC scoundrels. With apologies to Dr. Johnson … except he’d probably be an NC commenter. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner May 11, 2017 at 7:02 pm It seems like the obvious response is to wish the Clintonistas luck with their surburban Republican friends. Reply ↓ craazyman May 11, 2017 at 2:27 pm top ten tips for photographing flowers properly Tip #10 Don’t try to make them smile by saying “cheese” Tip #9 If they ask for a modeling fee, just say NO. Tip #8 If they’re blowing around in the wind and you tell them to hold still, realize they might not speak English. Tip #7 If you take a picture of a lot of them at once, it’s hard to tell them apart. Tip #6 If you try to take their pictures at night, it might not work. Tip #5 If they look pornographic to you — if you stare too hard inside the petals — you have a dirty mind and probably should go to church. ahhah ahahahahaha hahahahahahah. sorry. Tip #4 You don’t need a make up artist for flower shoots, so don’t let yourself get conned into spending money you don’t have to. Tip #3 Forget Roses are Red, Violets are Blue — that’s for kids. Besides, you don’t need crayons to photograph flowers. Tip #2 If you think they’re posing, you may have anthropomorphic problems. And Tip #1 for photographing flowers . . . drum roll please . . . If you see any fairies flitting around the garden with translucent wings, you really really are a wacko, ahahahahahahaha. But just keep shooting! Who knows? Reply ↓ Clive May 11, 2017 at 3:32 pm There’s a fairly famous TV gardener here in England (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqiC0zaWHUc) who, while she is a very good horticulturalist, an entertaining TV presenter and is full of enthusiasm nevertheless is now, for me, completely unwatchable because she insists on explaining in detail about plant propagation at every available opportunity. None of her segments on the show she appears on is complete without a macro shot of ripe, bursting pods matured in the summertime heat “just stuffed to the brim with wonderful seed” or sticky stamens “attracting passing insects with alluring perfume to be coated with showers of pollen”. Her Mary Poppins-like innocence just makes it worse. Reply ↓ Darius May 11, 2017 at 6:36 pm Like Sister Wendy, but for flowers. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 11, 2017 at 5:21 pm Flowers are plant genitals, so it’s no accident they’re sexy. Orchids, in particular, can be pretty obscene. Years ago, a porn theater in SF had a gigantic, gorgeous mural of an orchid on an outside wall. The message was very clear. In fact, certain orchids lure bees to try to have sex with them, in order to get pollinated. It was on PBS last night! Reply ↓ polecat May 11, 2017 at 7:14 pm ‘I’m too sexy for your pods .. Too Sexy For Your Pods .. TOO-SEXEEE-FOR-YOUR-PODS ………’ Reply ↓ Huey Long May 11, 2017 at 2:27 pm RE: How Economic Incentives have Created our Dysfunctional US Medical Market In my mid-20’s I got off of single payer coverage (Tricare) once I separated from the armed forces and clearly remember reading my first “explanation of benefits” from my private insurance company and being fairly shocked by how the bill broke down. It was something like a $170 charge from Quest for a blood test, reduced to about $50 for BCBS, and of that $50 I had to pay like $20 out of pocket. I recall thinking “wait a second, if I didn’t have health insurance, these blood test guys would have ripped my face off!” Reply ↓ curlydan May 11, 2017 at 3:19 pm Her list is a good one although as chief editor of Kaiser News, she is unable to note the elephant in the room. If she could acknowledge the insurance companies’ roles in creating bureaucracy and siphoning off funds, then the article could have been titled “How the Dysfunctional US Medical Market Enables These 10 Terrible Rules” Reply ↓ Knifecatcher May 11, 2017 at 3:52 pm The insurance cos aren’t the elephant in the room, they’re the troll under the bridge. You want to cross the bridge to health care land? Pay the troll, and hope he decides to let you pass and not squash you with a giant club, just because he can. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 11, 2017 at 2:39 pm RE: Gov. Paul LePage will not enter the 2018 race for the U.S. Senate seat now held by Angus King Heh. Guess he couldn’t convince Elliot Cutler to make another 3rd party bid so he could sneak in with 34%. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 11, 2017 at 5:24 pm Yes, that’s how plurality voting works, and the reason Maine just passed Ranked Choice/Instant Runoff voting – which LePage is try to block. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 11, 2017 at 6:16 pm It would have helped if Maine had anyone on the left side of the spectrum to run against LePage, but long before the DNC cratered the party nationally, the Maine Democrat party for years was putting up milquetoast, limp noodle candidates that everyone hated for major state races. They don’t say “As Maine goes, so goes the nation” for nothing! Reply ↓ jrs May 11, 2017 at 2:45 pm we got a generation of narcissists due to self-esteem? I don’t know, do narcissists even have high self-esteem? Even the most prominent suspected example doesn’t exactly seem to. Any level of natural self-esteem or self-compassion probably comes from parents that actually like their kids as people, and don’t abuse them or neglect them, and aren’t too busy with their own issues to parent, and maybe actually help their kids deal with life. But since noone chooses their parents, that’s just the luck of the draw. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 11, 2017 at 2:54 pm They need sources of narcissistic supply to have self esteem the way alcoholics need booze to avoid the shakes. Reply ↓ Tim May 11, 2017 at 3:15 pm Narcissist don’t have self esteem. If you read the article, it says that the quest for self esteem results in narcissism. So don’t actively train yourself to try to acheive self esteem, train yourself to have compassion for yourself, because it is much more durable. It’s similar to other studies that Yves references that people that try to be happy end up not being happy because life is not perfect. The best chance you have and having the optimal average happiness for your life is to just be compassionate on yourself. Reply ↓ roxy May 11, 2017 at 3:30 pm George Carlin on Self esteem: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G65bUrOJw2s Reply ↓ hemeantwell May 11, 2017 at 3:24 pm Re self-esteem, some of the narcissism lit distinguishes between thin and thick-skinned narcissists. The latter would be the ones who fit the ‘always full of themselves’ picture. The former may superficially come across as full of themselves, but are actually quite fragile and ready to feel slighted and pissed off. Useful distinction, in my experience. Aside from parents, I’d like to give a causal nod to good old economics and employment relations. One of the themes the Frankfurt School would bang on was the idea that, in the face of overwhelming objective power, the subject can be encouraged to max their sense of subjective worth. In a feudal society this wouldn’t go over very well, since such a mindset might quickly translate into revolt. In a capitalist society, with marketized forms of exploitation, the tendency is to believe you’re chock full of human capital and ready to be bought, even though objective conditions are working against. Also, let’s throw in how there are big swathes of employment that involve maxxing personal appeal. Trying to project charisma can get you into trouble if you’re a plumber, but not if you’re in sales. You’ve got it, and you want to make the buyer think that the purchase will lead to some rubbing off. What Baran and Sweezy called the “sales effort” is like mushroom compost for a narcissistic presentation. That said, someone who is clinically narcissistic will end up looking very different from someone who … let’s say “suffers from occupationally driven narcissism.” It makes a big difference if you have a parent telling you that you’re either god or a piece of crap when you’re two years old as compared to getting a blandly affirmative orientation to self in middle school. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 11, 2017 at 4:51 pm From the link extract today: “By contrast, self-compassion ‘means treating yourself with the same kind of kindness, care, compassion, as you would treat those you care about—your good friends, your loved ones.'” What a wonderfully perverse inversion, to my jaded eye, of that fairly universal hortatory known as the Golden Rule — “Do unto others as you would be done to.” Oh, but self-compassion is the precursor to comity, some would say — if you can’t love yourself and treat yourself gently, how could you ever extend decency and respect and benevolence and kindliness to others? The point is not to just stop when you have self-compassioned yourself — got to go on to the other part. I have known several nurses and a few doctors who are hard on themselves but gentle and giving, to the point of exhaustion, toward others. and their owners/employers know just how to take advantage of their wiring… Reply ↓ Darius May 11, 2017 at 6:39 pm I think the point is to shop guilt tripping. I’ve heard of people so obsessed with cataloging their sins they can’t live. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 11, 2017 at 2:49 pm RE: WalMart Bribes I wonder why they’re even breaking WalMart’s chops about this. Did they not bribe, er lobby the right politicians to get this investigation quashed or the folks investigating it reassigned or defunded? I mean Firestone never had to pay a $300 million fine and drop $820 million on an internal compliance program and they paid off Charles Taylor in the middle of a brutal civil war. Reply ↓ Tim May 11, 2017 at 2:51 pm “Publishers are realizing that upward of 75% of digital ad spend goes to two companies that get almost all of their content for free from those same publishers.” “Did I do that? Teehee” – Zuckerberg. Publishers have outsourced the “last mile” against their will, so will they ever be shrewd enough to force changes that require compensation for use of their published work on these public mediums. It isn’t plagarism, it’s just theft for profit. Reply ↓ Mo's Bike Shop May 11, 2017 at 9:18 pm Because there’s no way these media companies could figure out how to bring eyeballs to their own content generating platforms first. I just see this as the Darwiny part of capitalism. Reply ↓ dcblogger May 11, 2017 at 2:52 pm Hillary and Bernie are doing for 2018 what they should have done in 2014, build up the Democratic party. One thing that is hardly ever mentioned is the Republican takeover of the state houses and the resulting voter suppression. Democrats cannot win until that is addressed. Reply ↓ Carla May 11, 2017 at 3:32 pm Much worse than voter suppression is being done by the 2/3rds of state legislatures dominated by Republicans: they are systematically and progressively starving local governments and school districts of revenue-sharing funds. Then when the local governments and district inevitably fail, the legislatures install Emergency Managers to take over from elected mayors, councils, and school boards. No need for voters at all, when you neatly eliminate any shred of democracy. This has been done comprehensively in Michigan, and the model is being replicated nation-wide. Wake up! Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin May 11, 2017 at 4:58 pm Well before you get to the emergency managers, a point at which only a handful of jurisdictions have already arrived (but many more sure to come), state-imposed “revenue caps” and related strategies for taking away local control completely obliterate the ability of the local community/school district to do anything but finger-in-the-dyke. This is at least as insidious. The local elected officials are still in place but their have virtually no room to maneuver. Reply ↓ Carla May 11, 2017 at 5:32 pm …Accomplishing the same end by different means. My point was that perhaps even worse than voter suppression is the insidious removal of anything (or anyone) worth voting for. Reply ↓ Pat May 11, 2017 at 5:57 pm Screw that. Forget 2014, try what Obama and Clinton and Biden and Kaine and Wasserman Schultz and Israel and Schumer and….should have done in 2010, 2012, 2014 and 2016. You know when it was obvious that voter suppression was continuing apace. And that doesn’t even address even earlier when they forgot to fight voter suppression and the decimation of voter rolls that has been going on since before 2000, something we have clear evidence about. And no, I don’t include Sanders in that because why should the independent be the one cleaning up the Democratic Party’s lack of leadership that could almost seem intentional. You might think they don’t really want those possibly deplorable not Wall Street employed and/or investing folk if you really look at it. Oh, wait look at who they targeted their brilliant 2016 Presidential campaign towards – they don’t. Reply ↓ Darius May 11, 2017 at 6:49 pm The first thing is Obama should have had a full employment plan. None of this would have happened if he and the Democrats were “woke” for real. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 11, 2017 at 6:22 pm I’m sorry, but what exactly is Hillary doing to build the party? She’s been driving it into the ground for the last 25 years. She and Sanders have precious little in common, because she is in practice a freaking Republican if you hadn’t noticed, despite the letter she puts after her name in election season. Funny, I don’t see her out there speaking about policy to enthusiastic crowds. Because nobody would show up. Reply ↓ hunkerdown May 11, 2017 at 6:27 pm dcblogger, tell us again about the 2016 fake primaries and why such a party should be allowed to become strong, rather than weak enough to drown in a bathtub. Reply ↓ Carolinian May 11, 2017 at 3:11 pm Re the War on Cash–on a recent trip I noticed some McDonalds in Utah have installed those self-pay terminals that have been discussed here. The device is simply a touchscreen with a card reader. Since I don’t care to use a credit card to buy a frickin hamburger I declined to use it and didn’t see anyone else doing so either. There was a cashier on duty for people to use cash. But if the store had been busy perhaps I would have felt differently. Still even if you jump to the head of the line electronically there’s the long wait for your order as the harried and undersized staff makes all those frappes for the drive thru. It’s not clear what McD problem this gadgetry really solves…. Reply ↓ Tim May 11, 2017 at 3:18 pm I don’t want cash to go away, but I buy everything I can with my no-fee “2% off everything” credit card and pay it off every month. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 11, 2017 at 4:40 pm My dad used to refer to all those slick little “advantages” like your 2%-off no-fee card, and coupons, and unadvertised specials and such, as “white man’s welfare.” And yes, I know they are available to anyone who can qualify for no-fee credit cards and have bank accounts and store charge cards and fit the precise demographic profiles that are algo-extracted from Big Data, regardless of age, creed or color, to which such offers are extended… And this: http://www.goldismoney2.com/threads/white-mans-welfare.88019/ “Hey, I know it’s wrong, but hey! if they are going to make it available, who am I not to take it all, some shlub?” Reply ↓ SuTex May 11, 2017 at 5:09 pm Yeah I like paying in cash cuz then I’m not cutting some third party into the deal. Reply ↓ jrs May 11, 2017 at 5:15 pm I’d refer to those things as psychological traps. I think people do spend more knowing if they do they get credit card rewards, or buy things they wouldn’t otherwise knowing that they have a 50 cent off coupon. So what are we envying here again? My closet has tin foil hats in all shades of tin foil, blue and pink and gold and who can forget traditional silver … many patterns also. Reply ↓ B1whois May 11, 2017 at 11:57 pm In Uruguay, paying with an international credit card rrfunds the 22%VAT. Even with international fees from the bank I am still coming out way ahead. I would prefer that my money go to Uruguay thsn the banks, but I guess they have bought my compliance. I end up splitting my refund with the server as their tip. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 11, 2017 at 5:30 pm Divide and conquer. The cash buyers don’t get the 2% off. If everyone buys with cash, in theory, the price is 2% ( even 3%, 4% or more*) less, since the store won’t have pay for the processing fee. *the credit card company makes x%, after the store’s 2% discount off price. That means the cash buyer is paying 2+x % more than would have been the price without the credit card middleman. Reply ↓ PKMKII May 11, 2017 at 3:31 pm Political volatility is much like market volatility: you can get burned, but the potential payoffs are big. A large swath of American voters want disruptive politicians. Right or left, they want politicians who are flying in the face of proper DC etiquette, who are trying to end politics as we know it. So the politicians start throwing wrenches into the works. Worst case scenario, they could lose their seat, but given the level of gerrymandering, more like they’d just become a person non grata in Washington, but still with a job. Best case, voters see them as mad as hell and not taking it anymore, and get rewarded as such.[ Reply ↓ Huey Long May 11, 2017 at 4:42 pm I love your analysis, especially the part about gerrymandered districts interfering with the ability of the house and senate leadership to enforce discipline. They’d have to primary the dissidents out of office, which costs money and is very risky from an optics perspective if they were to fail. Imagine how petty and impotent the national Dem/GOP leadership would look after throwing a ton of money at a failed primary of a small potatoes rabble rousing house member from some district nobody gives a darn about out in flyover. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 11, 2017 at 5:35 pm They did pretty well getting rid of Cynthia McKinney, as well as Kucinich, which was done by redistricting – they could even blame it on the Republicans. Reply ↓ FluffytheObeseCat May 11, 2017 at 11:03 pm He’s referring to Freedom Caucus Republican extremists now, not isolated leftists in the Rust Belt, c. 10 years ago. Reply ↓ cojo May 11, 2017 at 3:39 pm Future of economics? Exactly 70 years ago in April 1947, an ambitious band of economists crafted a neoliberal story of the economy and, since Thatcher and Reagan came to power in the 1980s, it has dominated the international stage. Its narrative about the efficiency of the market, the incompetence of the state, the domesticity of the household and the tragedy of the commons, has helped to push many societies towards social and ecological collapse. It’s time to write a new economic story fit for this century – one that sees the economy’s dependence upon society and the living world. This story must recognize the power of the market—so let’s embed it wisely; the partnership of the state—so let’s hold it to account; the core role of the household—so let’s value its contribution; and the creativity of the commons—so let’s unleash their potential. http://evonomics.com/seven-ways-transform-21st-century-economics-economists/ Reply ↓ Toolate May 12, 2017 at 12:13 am Thanks for this link Reply ↓ MikeW_CA May 11, 2017 at 3:40 pm “But you have to give cred­it to Trump and his cam­paign. He tapped in­to fear, an­ger, and re­sent­ments that polit­ic­al pros had either ig­nored or dis­missed.” Not exactly. Political pros had been stoking, crafting, and cultivating that fear, anger, and resentment for years. Trump simply tapped into it with a shamelessness that political pros would never have imagined was possible. Reply ↓ Ernesto Lyon May 11, 2017 at 3:45 pm Great new book on the culture of narcissism awareness, i.e. we look for narcissism everywhere now, and that is a form of narcissism. Fun read. “The Selfishness of Others” by Kristin Dombek https://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/01/books/review-the-selfishness-of-others-or-im-ok-youre-a-narcissist.html Reply ↓ Marco May 11, 2017 at 3:59 pm Google Headline: “Unnoticed and unreported, Jeremy Corbyn is surging in the polls” Light at the end of the tunnel? Reply ↓ Annotherone May 11, 2017 at 5:07 pm Hope springs! :) Reply ↓ Promised m'Mom a Space Shuttle May 11, 2017 at 4:02 pm Gather round, let us shame some poor mook with a dead suffragette mother. Trying to honor her memory by symbolically voting for the first woman candidate for president…what a maroon. The Deputy Director of the FBI just contradicted US President on multiple points in front of the Senate Intelligence Committee, and will soon to be perusing the Classifieds. Slow news day, no? Reply ↓ Massinissa May 11, 2017 at 7:39 pm “The Deputy Director of the FBI just contradicted US President on multiple points in front of the Senate Intelligence Committee, and will soon to be perusing the Classifieds. Slow news day, no?” There were over 10 articles about Comey and so forth in the morning links. That’s why there aren’t many on this page. Please don’t straw man. Reply ↓ ChiGal in Carolina May 11, 2017 at 8:00 pm No kidding Reply ↓ dcblogger May 11, 2017 at 4:28 pm Unnoticed and unreported, Jeremy Corbyn is surging in the polls Labour’s vote share is increasing as the election approaches. http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/june2017/2017/05/unnoticed-and-unreported-jeremy-corbyn-surging-polls Reply ↓ allan May 11, 2017 at 5:08 pm U.S. hepatitis C cases soar on spike in heroin use [Reuters] You know what other nuclear-armed state once saw a spike in hep C spread by IV drug use as it sank into post-super power status? Reply ↓ Huey Long May 11, 2017 at 5:35 pm https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVFuTIGUhTk Reply ↓ oho May 11, 2017 at 5:50 pm >>the new [“Onward Together “] super PAC Crikey—isn’t that the rough translation of Macron’s political party? And didn’t Hollande crib “Hope and Change” from Obama? Guess they can’t help hiring the same pool of political campaign consultants. Reply ↓ rjs May 11, 2017 at 6:38 pm re this: “Because of the size of the monthly swings and questions surrounding Easter, March and April will have to be taken together when assessing inflation data, as it is when assessing retail sales for the two months.” i have no problem with taking two months together, but can someone explain how Easter would have anything to do with these price changes: the index for wholesale energy prices rose 0.8%, the price index for wholesale foods rose 0.9%, and the index for final demand for core wholesale goods (ex food and energy) rose 0.3%…the largest wholesale energy price change was a 5.2% increase in wholesale prices for liquefied petroleum gas, while the wholesale food price index moved up on increases of 19.8% for fresh fruits and 28.5% for fresh and dry vegetables….among wholesale core goods, prices for industrial chemicals increased 1.2%, while wholesale prices for cigarettes moved up 2.2%.. at the same time, the index for final demand for trade services was down 0.3%, while the index for final demand for transportation and warehousing services rose 0.7%, and the index for final demand for services less trade, transportation, and warehousing services was 0.8% higher….among trade services, seasonally adjusted margins for major household appliances retailers decreased 8.5% while margins for fuels and lubricants retailers fell 14.6%…among transportation and warehousing services, margins for airline passenger services were 2.0% higher…in the core final demand for services index, margins for loan services (partial) fell 4.1% and margins for securities brokerage, dealing, and investment advice rose 6.6%.. amoung raw goods, crude oil prices rose 15.7%… did anyone ever hear of an “Easter effect” on prices? Reply ↓ rjs May 11, 2017 at 6:42 pm moreover, the seasonal adjustments are already supposed to cover the changing dates for holidays, the number of weekends in a month, etc, in addition to what one normally thinks of as seasonal variations.. Reply ↓ ewmayer May 11, 2017 at 6:52 pm “NYU Accidentally Exposed Military Code-breaking Computer Project to Entire Internet [The Intercept” — Lots of good stuff in there, but some annoying fawning over the NYU’s Chudnovsky bros. : “…headed by the brilliant Chudnovsky brothers, David and Gregory … Adam called David Chudnovsky, the world-renowned mathematician and IMAS co-director at NYU … David’s brother Gregory, himself an eminent mathematician and professor at NYU…” — Almost as if shlock-thriller author Dan Brown had written it: “Renowned curator Jacques Saunière staggered through the vaulted archway of the museum’s Grand Gallery…” Also the usual technical fubars when journos try to write about science, e.g. “Widespread modern encryption methods like RSA, named for the initials of the cryptographers who developed it, rely on the use of hugely complex numbers derived from prime numbers.” Hugely complex? WTF? What part of “take any two similar-sized randomly generated prime p and q and multiply tem together to generate a public key” is hugely complex? Also it’s now known that RSA was in bed with the spooks and actively working to weaken crypto standards via backdooring – Greenwald might have mentioned those types of standards-hacking-based initiatives, which are designed specifically to undermine popular crypto schemes and bring key-cracking within the realm of precisely the kinds of hardware described. You think your 4096-bit RSA is safe, but in fact it’s been backdoored so as to allow NSA et al to break it in reasonable time using their fancy hardware. More stuff that omits crucial additional material: “Spy shops like the NSA can sometimes thwart encryption by going around it, finding flaws in the way programmers build their apps or taking advantage of improperly configured devices.” Or physically interdicting shipments of tech on their way to intelligence-deemed persons of interest and ‘improperly configuring’ said devices via software, firmware and even actual hardware implants, as the spooks are known to do. That allows them to bypass an encryption entirely by way of simply intercepting the user’s keystrokes. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 11, 2017 at 7:40 pm Hugely complex numbers, as shorthand for large numbers which are hugely difficult to find, given only the product. It’s just the usual loss of precision in scientific reporting. Regarding “omits crucial additional material”, what do you expect? It’s long enough already. As for 4096-bit RSA being backdoored or cracked, I don’t believe that to be the case. Please provide a link to a credible claim. It’s certainly vulnerable to side-channel attack, but that’s not cracking, it’s snooping on a decryption process to copy the private decryption key. Mathematically it is impossible to decrypt RSA encryption without knowing the key in a feasible amount of time. For 4096 bit key encryption, the time may exceed the shelf life of the Milky Way Galaxy. But there are side channel attacks that one can perform. This means there are ways to exploit the vulnerabilities that exist in the implementation of the RSA encryption/decryption algorithm in a device. This includes measuring variations in CPU voltage, noise produced by a device during encryption/decryption of a RSA encrypted message (the messages are generally AES keys). Attacks can also be at the software level which exploit unchecked memory read/write or by infecting shared libraries. 1024-bit RSA is of course known to be vulnerable, and you’re right that some standards, particularly anything based on NSA algorithms, are not trustworthy, but this was suspected from the start. Personally, I’d be more worried about trapdoors in Diffie-Helman primes. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 11, 2017 at 8:25 pm Above is (yet again) linked in the wrong place – was replying to ewmayer at 6:52 pm Reply ↓ ewmayer May 11, 2017 at 9:23 pm We do know RSA conspired with the NSA to backdoor so-called elliptic curve cryptography (ECC) – why would you deem it unreasonable to believe that they might have done similarly with their flagship RSA crypto? And note also this chilling 2012 piece from James Bamford: According to another top official also involved with the program, the NSA made an enormous breakthrough several years ago in its ability to cryptanalyze, or break, unfathomably complex encryption systems employed by not only governments around the world but also many average computer users in the US. The upshot, according to this official: “Everybody’s a target; everybody with communication is a target.” “Breakthrough” here might imply something like a so-called L(1/4)-complexity scheme to crack ECC or similar for RSA – that is, development of an attack with asymptotically reduced computational complexity than the thought-to-be-fastest approaches-in-the-academic-community for general-purpose integer factorization (RSA) pr solving the discrete logarithm problem (ECC). That would allow crypto-breaking of selected targets even without any backdooring, It would also involve the kind of “keys to the kingdom” secrecy the government would literally kill to keep, starting with extreme compartmentalization: only a handful of the NSA’s top mathematicians are privy to the details, and all one anyone else outside that tiny circle in the agency or the government sees is “we are building a new improved computer”, not in itself revealing because the kinds of basic mathematical operations involved in all such crypto crackage are public. The secret sauce would lie in the software deployed on same. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 12, 2017 at 12:16 am Yes, RSA’s misbehaviour is well known, but the ECC backdoor relates to deliberately weakened Random Number Generators (RNG) for key generation which are easily avoided. With RSA you get to choose the key, so you don’t need to use a compromised one. Historically, it’s easy to forget that strong crypto used to be export controlled by the USG, so RSA’s actions back in the day are more understandable. Pressure was probably applied. I couldn’t see any link from you to a claim 4096-bit RSA is cracked. And there are in any case plenty of non-RSA alternatives to use. BTW, your first link is dead, all text and no href. Concerning the breakthrough scare story, that I suspect is all about Diffie-Hellman trapdoors, especially going by “employed by … many average computer users in the US”. This involves possible “weak primes” in RFC5114 that allow easy cracking of encrypted web traffic, VPNs, or forging of certificates. Easy in this case means 400 core-years for 1024-bit keys, which is maybe hours using all of WindsorGreen. But 2048-bit weakened keys would still need about 6.4 billion core-years which is hundreds or thousands of years. Finally, speculation about the NSA having the keys to the kingdom via asymptotically reduced complexity algorithms is on a par with them having same due to a large scale functional quantum computing installation: unknown but unlikely. In any case, appropriate choices of crypto are available that make it possible to secure anything you fully control, but don’t ever expect that to be true of someone else’s web server, or your bank site. There’s plenty of 1k-bit RSA and probably SHA-1 certificates around on the web – they’re still on sale. Reply ↓ montanamaven May 11, 2017 at 8:08 pm the Cooks Report piece is an example of propaganda. it seems as if it’s an analysis of hillary’s campaign. con-clusion: lots of stuff was done wrong including things done by hillary. but what it’s real purpose was designed to be was more Russia bashing. i am fed up . Reply ↓ H. Alexander Ivey May 12, 2017 at 12:31 am From ‘Our Famously Free Press’ . Smith’s qualities are exactly why I put my money, time, and support in with Naked Capitalism and your Water Cooler. They [I think the author, Steve Smith, is referring to Google & Facebook] have not solved at all for so many things audiences crave: quality, consistency, experiences, focus, personality, relationship, respect, transparency, trust, predictability, depth, warmth, comfort, and intimacy. All of the qualities I just described are characteristics of people, not machines—entities with faces and personalities, not platforms. If every you guys want to have a sub tag beneath your ‘Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power’ line, I suggest Smith’s qualities… Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments JL on VA Hospital Forcing Patients to Use Facebook and TwitterI personally find the Twitter experience pretty reasonable... Yves Smith on International Arbitration Is the Way to Settle the UK’s Brexit BillPlease read the post to which I linked.... Gaianne on Ilargi: Comey and the End of ConversationBut Thucydides does say truth disappears in civil... Yves Smith on 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/11/2017It's worth noting that public companies have been... b1daly on China Sickening into Classic Emerging Market CrisisUnder this scenario, the banks are still limited... Topics Africa (20) Australia (129) Auto industry (95) Banana republic (3,053) Banking industry (4,660) Brexit (55) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (572) Commodities (459) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,632) Curiousities (273) Currencies (909) Derivatives (689) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,489) Dubious statistics (585) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,790) Energy markets (511) Environment (463) Europe (632) Federal Reserve (1,269) Free markets and their discontents (1,439) Garrulous insolence (67) Global warming (333) Globalization (1,110) Guest Post (6,604) Health care (397) Hedge funds (418) Income disparity (984) India (18) Infrastructure (80) Investment banks (745) Investment management (503) Investment outlook (854) Japan (204) Legal (1,913) Links (3,079) Macroeconomic policy (979) Market inefficiencies (231) Media appearances (74) Media watch (876) Middle East (149) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (292) OCC (12) Payment system (49) Permaculture (33) Politics (5,080) Private equity (517) Privatization (71) Real estate (1,528) Regulations and regulators (3,608) Ridiculously obvious scams (460) Risk and risk management (720) Russia (240) Science and the scientific method (196) Social policy (1,032) Social values (1,800) Species loss (53) Student loans (53) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (123) Taxes (387) Technology and innovation (464) The destruction of the middle class (1,371) The dismal science (1,468) TPP (84) UK (121) Water Cooler (672) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
null
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12386682 Home 12386742 News County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Skyvision El Faro Action Button Links Download News App Black History Month 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD Interactive Radar First Alert Wx App Eclipse 2017 Sky Cams Hour by Hour 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic First Alert Traffic Twitter Gas Prices 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries What's On WJAX-TV Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Super Bowl NHRA Gatornationals Contest Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Adopt A Nest Jazz Festival Take Steps Walk March for Babies 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida 506187273 Daytona Contest 506187279 NHRA Gatornationals Contest More Sign up for Action News Jax Newsletters Delivered To Your Inbox Newsletter: Sign Up Please Wait Thank You for Subscribing! Your newsletters will be arriving soon. Trial date set for man accused of killing Cherish Perrywinkle by: Action News Jax Updated: May 11, 2017 - 5:40 PM © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter The man accused of killing 8-year-old Cherish Perrywinkle is set for trial nearly four years after her death in Northwest Jacksonville. Convicted sex offender Donald Smith was in court Thursday morning after his case was delayed because of a death penalty challenge. A hearing for Smith in January was canceled because lawmakers were weighing challenges to the death penalty law. Related Headlines Corrine Brown Trial: Jury finds Brown guilty on 18 counts in federal fraud trial Unclaimed money: Florida has $1 billion waiting to be distributed Clay County apartment brawl: 2 hurt in fight involving adults, juveniles Sisters of Cherish Perrywinkle adopted by Australian couple; parents working to make them citizens Smith is accused of taking Cherish from a Walmart in northwest Jacksonville in June 2013, then raping and killing her. Smith is also accused of dumping the child's body behind a church. A judge on Thursday scheduled Smith's pretrial hearing for Aug. 8 and another for Feb. 1.  The judge said the trial will begin Feb. 5. The man accused of killing 8 y/o Cherish Perrywinkle is set to be back in court this morning. @ActionNewsJax — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) May 11, 2017 Convicted sex offender Donald Smith is expected to be in court after his case was delayed due to the death penalty challenge. @ActionNewsJax — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) May 11, 2017 In January, a hearing for the suspect in Cherish's murder was canceled as lawmakers weighed changes to the death penalty law. @ActionNewsJax — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) May 11, 2017 Donald Smith is accused of taking an 8y/o child from a Northside Walmart before killing her & dumping the child's body behind a church. — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) May 11, 2017 Donald Smith has walked into the courthouse. There are three #JSO officers standing near him. @ActionNewsJax — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) May 11, 2017 Police say Smith kidnapped, raped, and killed Cherish Perrywinkle, 8, back in June 2013. @ActionNewsJax — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) May 11, 2017 The court says Donald Smith's final pretrial will be on Feb. 1st in CR 406. @ActionNewsJax — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) May 11, 2017 The judge says there will be a pretrial hearing on August 8th and then another before the final pretrial on Feb. 1st. @ActionNewsJax — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) May 11, 2017 The judge says there will be a pretrial hearing on August 8th and then another before the final pretrial on Feb. 1st. @ActionNewsJax — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) May 11, 2017 © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Trial date set for man accused of killing Cherish Perrywinkle Friends of Corrine Brown 'devastated,' 'heartbroken' after she's found… 1 dead, 1 hurt in Jacksonville construction accident At least 1 person injured in crash between semi, vehicle in St. Augustine Clay County apartment brawl: 2 hurt in fight involving adults, juveniles News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews California Couple Arrested for Shoplifting at Walmart with Children May 11, 2017 Patricia Lee Largen, 28, and Brian Morton Whitehouse, 30, both of California On Monday, May 8, 2017, Deputies from the St. Mary’s County Sheriff’s Office responded to the Walmart in California, for a reported theft in progress. Prior to deputies arrival, the two suspects fled the store.  Loss prevention personnel followed the suspects and provided location updates to the responding units. Deputies located and detained both suspects identified as Patricia Lee Largen, 28 of California, and Brian Morton Whitehouse, 30 of California. The investigation revealed the suspects entered the business with their children. Largen concealed numerous items  having a value over $500 and damaged part of a display, while Whitehouse acted as a “lookout” during the theft. Deputy First Class R. Steinbach arrested both suspects and transported them to the St. Mary’s County Detention Center where they were both charged with Theft Less $1000 and Malicious Destruction of Property. Patricia Lee Largen, 28 of California   Brian Morton Whitehouse, 30 of California Patricia Lee Largen, 28, and Brian Morton Whitehouse, 30, both of California This entry was posted on May 11, 2017 at 9:49 am and is filed under All News, Community, County, Law Enforcement, St. Mary's News, Top News, z 600X120 Top Ad Bottom, z Police Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. 6 Responses to California Couple Arrested for Shoplifting at Walmart with Children Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 10:11 am Bunch of losers! Reply Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 10:38 am Please take those children away from this trash so they may have a shot at a decent life. Reply yod on May 11, 2017 at 11:01 am Usually I like to make fun of people who think they can get away with stealing from Wal-Mart when it’s been proven time and time again that it’s virtually impossible but I’m sad for these kids who had to watch their parents get arrested and embarrassed in front of everyone like that. Reply Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 11:04 am Way to instill you piece of garbage values to the next generation. The only way those kids will have any chance in the world is if they are taken from these two turds and given to a responsible family member. At this point foster care would be a better alternative then these two. Both should be charged with neglect and abuse. They are ruining these kids entire lives. Reply Nick on May 11, 2017 at 11:18 am Real classy…. teaching your children to shoplift! Reply The real Bob Lob Law on May 11, 2017 at 12:13 pm We have the winners of the “Parents of the Year” award for St Mary’s County. Tell them what they won Johnny! Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment * Name Email Archives May 2017 (134) April 2017 (272) March 2017 (314) February 2017 (241) January 2017 (250) December 2016 (241) November 2016 (256) October 2016 (319) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (275) July 2016 (240) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (372) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (323) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (296) December 2015 (299) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (264) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (594) June 2013 (559) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
Politics | Entertainment | Arts | Lifestyle | Business | Health | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Business Technology Startups Internet Culture Media Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Subscribe to Newsletters Opinion Corporate Lobbyists Make Gains With Democrats and Republicans Special interests run amok in all levels of government By Michael Sainato • 05/11/17 12:00pm Corporate lobbying holds a powerful influence over elected officials. Philipp Schmidli/Getty Images An analysis conducted by the Center for Responsive Politics found that corporations spent $840 million in the first quarter of 2017 lobbying Congress and the White House—the highest amount in five years. The pharmaceutical industry and health products sector led the spending with just under $80 million. While the number of registered lobbyists has decreased, the money being poured into Washington has increased. In April 1938, then-President Franklin Roosevelt warned Congress that “the liberty of a democracy is not safe if the people tolerate the growth of private power to a point where it becomes stronger than their democratic state itself. That, in its essence, is fascism.” Through a dismissal of campaign finance reform and the emboldening of lobbyists, corporate power is dismantling democracy in America. An investigation conducted by Maplight’s Andrew Perez and IBTimes’ David Sirota found that four lobbyists raised $380,000 for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) between January and March—four times more than lobbyists raised for the DCCC in 2016. Perez and Sirota reported that three of the lobbyists are prominent Clinton donors, including Tony Podesta of Podesta Group, who has raised $131,000 for the DCCC and donated $5,000 to the committee in 2017. His clients include Walmart, Wells Fargo, Lockheed Martin and BAE Systems. Democrats further embraced lobbyists after Hillary Clinton’s election loss. In February 2017, DNC members refused to re-enact the ban on donations from lobbyists and PACs that former DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz rescinded during the Democratic primaries to give Clinton an advantage over Sen. Bernie Sanders’ grassroots fundraising machine. The Clinton campaign appointed two former lobbyists to the DNC Unity Commission, Charlie Baker of the Dewey Square Group and Jeff Berman, a former lobbyist for the Keystone XL pipeline and the private prison company GEO Group. Republicans have granted several lobbyists positions at government agencies. The Center for Responsive Politics cited lobbyists Chad Wolf at the Transportation Security Administration, Lance Legitt at the Department of Health and Human Services and Christian Palich at the Environmental Protection Agency. Wolf, Legitt and Palich all have recent records of lobbying for industries regulated by the government agencies they are currently employed by. President Donald Trump rescinded a 2009 Obama rule that banned appointed individuals from serving in agencies they recently lobbied and has granted waivers for lobbyists to work on policies that could potentially benefit former clients. The federal level isn’t the only place that has seen increases in lobbying expenditures. The Kansas City Star reported that lobbyists have spent $435,000 courting Kansas state legislators so far in 2017, a total close to the $472,000 lobbyists spent in all of 2016 in the state. The Arizona Republic reported that Phoenix hasn’t been enforcing local lobbying regulations, and the city council has not acted to fix the problem. The Village Voice reported that lobbyists in New York City have seen increased compensation under Bill de Blasio’s service as mayor. Former lobbyist Keith Powers is currently campaigning to get elected to the New York City City Council. The Los Angeles Times reported that $309 million was spent on lobbying last year in California, the second highest amount ever recorded in the state. With neither political party taking action to curb the problem, the vast amount of money involved in corporate lobbying and the powerful influence it holds over elected officials is a problem of increasing importance. SEE ALSO: Tulsi Gabbard Challenges ‘Shoot First, Ask Questions Later’ Syria Policy National Politics Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Skip to main content Subscribe TRENDING GIFT GUIDES DRIVERLESS CARS TOPICS ANIMALS AVIATION CARS DIY ENERGY ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT GADGETS HEALTH MILITARY SCIENCE SPACE TECHNOLOGY VIDEOS BLOGS THE BIODESIGN CHALLENGE DO TRY THIS AT HOME EASTERN ARSENAL ZERO MOMENT SHOP FEATURES Archives PopularScience.TV Follow us email facebook twitter Google Plus instagram tumblr pinterest youTube snapchat rss Subscribe SUBSCRIBE to the Magazine Animals Cage-free chickens keep winding up with broken bones, and scientists are looking for a solution Million dollar birdie By Sarah Fecht posted May 11th, 2017 at 11:00am David Goehring via Flickr Cage-free eggs are taking America by storm. Some of the nation’s largest restaurants and retail stores—including Walmart, McDonalds, and Denny’s—have pledged to transition to this more humane source of eggs within the next decade. Instead of being born in a traditional battery cage, where the average hen barely has room to lie down, these eggs will come from birds with a little more space to roam. ‘Cage-free’ can mean different things on different farms, but typically a flock gets to move around a large enclosed space, flapping from perches to nesting areas, or rolling around in a nice dust-bath. Although the chickens still tend to be crowded (and they don't get to go outside), overall the Humane Society says cage-free systems significantly improve animal welfare. But like Icarus flying too close to the sun, the added freedom comes with added risks. In mature flocks, up to 86 percent of chickens may be silently suffering from broken breast (“keel”) bones from crashing into other birds, or misjudging the distance between two perches. “It’s one of the biggest problems in commercial poultry production,” says Michael Toscano, who studies animal welfare at the University of Bern and also heads up a keel bone damage research group. To help tackle this problem, a government-funded organization announced today that it’s offering $1 million in grants to research that can help make laying hens stronger. Half of the money comes from the Foundation for Food and Agriculture Research (FFAR)’s own federal funding, and the other half comes from the Open Philanthropy Project. Cage-free aviaries provide more room to move around and a more enriched lifestyle for egg-layers, but also more opportunities to get hurt. Maqi via Wikimedia Commons Chad Gregory, president of the United Egg Producers, whose members produce more than 90 percent of the nation’s eggs, declined to answer Popular Science’s questions, but sent a statement supporting the initiative. “[W]e are fortunate to have support of agricultural research organizations like the FFAR to help farmers continue to provide professional care for their animals and find solutions to production challenges.” Healthy chickens lay more eggs, so the research may help farmers as well as their birds. Why are chickens so fragile? You might think that as chickens are bred to have larger breast muscles, this might put extra strain on their bones. And there may be something to that, but it doesn’t seem to be one of the main factors, says Toscano, who is not directly involved with the FFAR award (although they did ask him for input). Scientists are still trying to sort through the different culprits contributing to keel bone damage, but Toscano points to two main problems. The first is that modern hens are laying a lot more eggs—and for a longer time—than they would in nature. “Each of those eggs requires a small amount of calcium for its shell,” says Toscano. “She’s taking some from her bones to make it, and over time her bones weaken and become brittle.” The second factor is how they grow up. If young hens are given the space to move freely, they develop stronger bones and muscles as they run and jump and fly. An active upbringing can also enhance their cognitive and navigational abilities, making them better at, say, judging the distance between two perches. But even most cage-free birds spend their youths in cages, so they aren’t as physically and mentally prepared for the cage-free life as they could be. In chickens, the "keel" is an extension of the sternum where the wing muscles attach. In cage-free chickens, the keel is sensitive to fractures and breaks. Toscano et al./PLOS One 2013 Aviary design can also play a role. If a ramp is too narrow, or there’s not enough space for the chickens to flap to their perches during the evening rush, it could cause crashes and falls. The severity of keel bone breaks can vary from small fractures to extreme damage, where, “if we were to open up the bird, you would wonder how can it could actually move,” says Toscano. Got milk? The foundation will start taking applications from researchers who think they might have a solution to cage-free bone fractures at the beginning of June. They expect to divide the funding between a handful of awards in December. The potential solutions will likely range from food additives that strengthen the chickens’ bones, to redesigning their housing systems. Toscano, for example, has suggested that since chickens are clumsy flyers, aviaries could use more ramps to avoid collisions. “If they have to go up, it’s probably better to walk rather than to jump or fly.” Breeding and genetic engineering may even be proposed as solutions. A system that raises the young chickens in an environment that prepares them for cage-free life is probably a longer way off. “Producers need time to figure out the transition to non-cage systems, otherwise they’ll have lots of problems,” says Toscano. “I would want to see to producers given enough time to phase in the changes over 20 years or so, so they can make the adjustments and do it well.” There’s still a lot of basic research needed to understand how (and how much) different factors contribute to keel bone damage, and the questions can’t all be solved by one grant. But starting to hatch a solution now could really pay off later. By 2025, more than half of the U.S.’s eggs are expected to come from cage-free birds. That’ll be some 140 million hens jumping and gliding around cage-free aviaries—and, potentially, 105 million birds with broken keel bones. Tags: chickens eggs animal welfare cage-free food farming Animals Editors' Picks Latest News Videos Subscribe Renew Customer Service Privacy Policy Terms of Use Abuse Masthead Contact Us Popular Science TV Copyright © 2017 Popular Science. A Bonnier Corporation Company. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
Retail train wreck continues as sales plunge at Macy's, Kohl's - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Retail train wreck continues as sales plunge at Macy's, Kohl's Posted: Thursday, May 11, 2017 10:06 AM EDT Updated: Thursday, May 11, 2017 10:06 AM EDT By Paul R. La Monica NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- The tale of woe for traditional retailers continues. Macy's, Kohl's and Dillard's all reported lower sales for the last three months and missed Wall Street's forecasts. Department store chains have been struggling lately due to intense competition from Amazon, a resurgent Walmart and newer retailers like Uniqlo, H&M and Zara. New Macy's CEO Jeff Gennette, who recently took over from long-time Macy's chief Terry Lundgren, said in its earnings release that the company was encouraged by the sales of women's shoes, jewelry and furniture in its stores. But overall sales fell 7.5% from a year ago and same-store sales, which measure how well stores open at least a year are doing, dropped more than 5%. Gennette conceded there is a lot of work to do in order to boost the company's overall performance, particularly with regards to its e-commerce offerings. "We are focused on taking actions to stabilize our brick and mortar business," Gennette said. "At the same time, we will invest to aggressively grow our digital and mobile business." Investors weren't impressed. Macy's stock deflated faster than a balloon at the end of the company's trademark Thanksgiving Day parade in New York City Thursday morning, plunging 10%. Shares of Dillard's also fell 10% and Nordstrom fell 5%, while Kohl's fell about 2%. One possible reason why Kohl's didn't drop as much as Macy's? It did report a profit that topped analysts' estimates at least. Macy's did not. But investors remain focused on the weak sales trends for these and other traditional retailers. Dillard's CEO William T. Dillard, II noted in the earnings release that "our sales decline weighed heavily" on its overall results. Total sales were down 6% from a year ago while same-stores sales fell 4%. Kohl's CEO Kevin Mansell took a more upbeat tone though, saying he was "encouraged by the significant improvement in sales and traffic" after a tough February. But it still wasn't enough to keep overall sales and same-store sales from falling about 3%. These three retail icons aren't the only ones that have been hit hard by a rapid change in how consumers shop. Sears continues to struggle. And JCPenney, which will report its latest results Friday morning, has been unable to find a way to get sales growing either. Target has been hit hard as well. And former teen fashion king Abercrombie & Fitch is now looking for someone to buy it. But some retailers have suffered an even worse fate. American Apparel, Wet Seal, The Sports Authority and Aeropostale have all filed for bankruptcy. RadioShack has gone bankrupt -- twice. All of this turmoil has led to tens of thousands of layoffs in the retail sector as well. Meanwhile, Amazon has reliably wowed Wall Street with its strong sales and profits. And Walmart has been on a shopping spree lately, scooping up Jet.com and several other online retailers in order to boost its own digital commerce offerings. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman minuteKEY Promotes Sales Leader Britain White and Launches New Growth Strategy BOULDER, Colo., May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — minuteKEY, the world’s first self-service kiosk for accurately duplicating keys, today announced the promotion of Britain White to vice president of sales/Walmart and business development. White, who has been with minuteKEY since 2014, will continue to lead Walmart sales, but will now have an expanded role driving business development and broadening product offerings. „Britain has been an asset to minuteKEY as we’ve built a very successful self-service key duplicating service, and we’re pleased to elevate his role as we continue to expand our core business, while driving growth beyond with new products and kiosk concepts,” said Randy Fagundo, CEO of minuteKEY. Serving in various management and leadership roles, White has nearly 25 years’ experience in the retail and kiosk industries. Since joining minuteKEY as director of sales, White has been responsible for more than 1,000 kiosk installations and has managed relationships with top retailers including Walmart/Sam’s Club. Prior to minuteKEY, he served as director of sales, mass channel division, with Outerwall (aka Coinstar) for more than 10 years and was responsible for the company’s relationship with Walmart. Throughout his career, in both consulting roles and as a full-time employee, White has worked with nearly a dozen kiosk companies during early stage and as mature operators. „I’m eager to take on this new role and look forward to working with minuteKEY leadership to identify new concepts and grow the business,” said White. „minuteKEY has the platform, infrastructure and expertise to deliver new solutions that address the needs of today’s consumer as well as our retailer partners by introducing automated solutions that enhance the bottom line. We will actively seek new ideas and concepts with strong potential to bring to market.” Kiosk companies and inventors are invited to contact minuteKEY with viable concepts at Bwhite@minutekey.com.  About minuteKEY minuteKEY makes the world’s first patented self-service, key duplication kiosk.  As innovators in an age-old industry, minuteKEY founders invested several years developing the technology to create a highly accurate, secure and easy-to-use key-cutting device. Today’s kiosk, found in thousands of high-traffic retail locations in the United States and Canada including Walmart, Lowe’s and Menards, combines innovations in robotics, electronics and software engineering.  See the minuteKEY website for more information and kiosk locations. Media Inquiries Marci Maule Housley Mpact Group 425.495.7413 marci@mpact-group.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/minutekey-promotes-sales-leader-britain-white-and-launches-new-growth-strategy-300455539.html SOURCE minuteKEY Related Links http://www.minutekey.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Knorr Selects™ Bring Quality, Flavor and Convenience to the Table Next PostNext Norfolk Southern is delivering on commitments, CEO tells shareholders Search Recent Posts Probiotic Drinks Industry Seeking Growth from Emerging Markets RBNZ sees slower credit growth as lenders compete North America Automotive Valve Stem Seal Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Kombucha Industry : Worldwide Market Trends & Forecasts to 2021 Goodman Property JV to buy central Auckland office building RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Celigo Recognized as Visionary for Second Straight Year in Gartner Magic Quadrant for Enterprise Integration Platform as a Service (iPaaS) SAN MATEO, Calif., May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Celigo, a leading provider of scalable and easy-to-implement integration solutions for connecting cloud-based applications, has been named a Visionary in Gartner’s 2017 Magic Quadrant for enterprise integration-Platform-as-a-Service (iPaaS) for the second straight year. Companies cited as visionaries are those that understand the specific requirements of the market and are innovating through a combination of technology, delivery models and go-to-market strategies. Celigo’s strategy is anchored on integrator.io — its modern iPaaS for integrating virtually anything to anything. With thousands of commercial users, integrator.io is optimized for quickly building highly-scalable integrations between cloud-based applications. Its easy-to-use interface is designed for tech-savvy business users, while the underlying platform has the flexibility and direct feature access required by integration specialists and developers. This makes integrator.io uniquely well-suited for full back-office integrations as well as smaller, specific integration use cases that deliver fast time-to-value. Complementing Celigo’s integrator.io platform are SmartConnectors™. SmartConnectors are pre-built, fully-managed integration solutions that can simply be installed from the integrator.io marketplace. SmartConnectors are available for a wide variety of business clouds, including NetSuite, Salesforce, Zendesk, Jira, and ADP. They are also available for eCommerce stores such as Magento, Shopify, Salesforce Commerce Cloud, and BigCommerce, as well as online marketplaces including Amazon, eBay, Walmart, and Jet. Celigo’s unique combination of a modern, easy-to-use iPaaS combined with pre-built SmartConnectors provides users with a „best-of-both worlds” approach to application integration. Users can quickly deploy, rather than build, integrations while still maintaining full access to the underlying platform to extend their integrations, or build brand new custom integrations with ease. „As companies use more and more apps to run their business, being able to connect those apps in lots of different ways becomes a huge advantage, and integrator.io makes it really easy for anyone (not just the IT folks) to build, test and deploy new integration use cases quickly and safely,” said Scott Henderson, CTO and co-founder of Celigo. „We are very honored to be recognized again by Gartner as a visionary in the enterprise iPaaS space for our unique best-of-both worlds approach to cloud app integration.” For more information on Celigo or to sign up for a free trial of integrator.io, visit www.celigo.com Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of 5652736 merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. About Celigo:  Celigo is pioneering the future of cloud-based application integration. Celigo’s integrator.io platform is an easy-to-use, next-generation integration Platform-as-a-Service (iPaaS) that enables companies to integrate almost anything to anything. Celigo’s integrator.io platform powers Celigo’s SmartConnectors™. SmartConnectors are pre-built, full-featured, highly customizable integrations between popular cloud applications such as NetSuite, Salesforce, Magento, Zendesk, Jira, and more. Celigo pioneered the entire concept of SmartConnectors, and now with integrator.io, Celigo offers an unmatched „best-of-both worlds” approach to cloud app integration. As companies increasingly rely on more cloud applications to run their business, the need for easy-to-deploy integration platforms and solutions to connect these cloud apps has never been greater. Headquartered in San Mateo, California, Celigo has over 180 employees worldwide and is trusted by over 1,000 customers to connect their business applications. For more information visit: www.celigo.com, and follow Celigo on LinkedIn, YouTube and Twitter. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/celigo-recognized-as-visionary-for-second-straight-year-in-gartner-magic-quadrant-for-enterprise-integration-platform-as-a-service-ipaas-300455548.html SOURCE Celigo Related Links http://www.celigo.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Mother’s Day Survey Sheds Light on Reality of Today’s „Mompreneur” Next PostNext Alliance Creative Group (ACGX) Releases Financials for Q1’17 – Revenues Up 92% Compared to Q1’16 Search Recent Posts TeamTalk puts off CityLink fibre capex in deals TeamTalk puts off CityLink fibre capex in deals NZ median house price eases in April, number of sales tumble NZ median house price eases in April, number of sales tumble Readout of Meeting Between U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Israeli Justice Minister Shaked RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
null
&lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; close &lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; close SEARCH THE SITE | CONTACT US Weather: Pasadena | Now: 59°F | High: 73°F | Low: 55°F | 5-Day Forecast NEWS ENTERTAINMENT & EVENTS COMMUNITY SCHOOLS ARTS & CULTURE MENU NEWS back NEWS NOW THE LATEST CRIME GOVERNMENT EDUCATION BUSINESS SPORTS OPINION ENTERTAINMENT & EVENTS back EVENTS PREVIEWS NIGHTLIFE DINING COMMUNITY back COMMUNITY NEWS EDUCATION GOVERNMENT GIVING BACK GATHERING PEOPLE FAITH SCHOOLS back FEATURES SCHOOL NEWS SCHOOL EVENTS SPORTS COMMUNITY SERVICE ACADEMICS THE ARTS FOCUS ON LEARNING ARTS & CULTURE back MUSIC THEATRE VISUAL ARTS DANCE HISTORY SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY DESIGN LITERARY ARTS PASADENA LIVING back SHOPPING & SALES BEAUTY HEALTH FASHION & STYLE IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU REAL ESTATE AT HOME IN THE GARDEN FOOD & DRINK FOOD & DRINK EXTRAS back NEWS AROUND TOWN CITY SPORTS SCHOOLS TRAVEL CARS PHOTOGALLERIES Women Tech CEOs From Kosovo to California Talk Business, Share Personal Experiences as Leaders By BRANDON VILLALOVOS Published : Thursday, May 11, 2017 | 5:16 AM An animated crowd gathered in the lofty presentation room at the famed tech incubator IdeaLab Wednesday afternoon to hear personal stories and take-aways from two women CEO’s who head their own companies, one in Kosovo and one in Pasadena, and about how a global mentorship program provided new insight towards empowering leading women in tech. Gladys Kong, CEO of Pasadena-based UberMedia, took up and coming Kosovian tech leader Hana Qerimi, who founded startup Digital School in Kosovo, under her wing for two weeks, serving as a mentor to help bridge a growing global network of women tech entrepreneurs. Gladys Kong, CEO of Pasadena-based UberMedia (left) with Kosovian tech leader Hana Qerimi, who founded startup Digital School “For me, to meet another entrepreneur from the other side of the world who is also running a tech business is very exciting and also very inspirational,” said Kong. Qerimi is visiting Pasadena and UberMedia as part of the prestigious Fortune/U.S. State Department Global Women’s Mentoring Partnership program, which leverages the expertise of U.S. leaders to support women’s entrepreneurship, economic empowerment and leadership both here and abroad. UberMedia is one of 30 companies selected to mentor female leaders through the program alongside companies like Time, Google and Wal-Mart. Kong and Qerimi will contrast and compare their respective tech scenes as well as diversity and leadership challenges they face growing their companies. “I’ve been learning a lot. I’ve been seeing how Gladys manages the team, how the team cooperates with each other and what UberMedia does, which is really impressive because it’s not something that in Kosovo is existent at all,” said Qerimi. “It’s interesting for me because I never got to work with women because the IT sector in my country is mainly occupied by men so it’s my first time working with a CEO tech woman and it was very nice because I really expected something different–something more bureaucratic, formal and everything–but it was not like that,” said Qerimi. The fireside style conversation included topics about being a woman in tech, the importance of technology as a global language and how to successfully lead a start-up in a global economy in the tech industry. “I would say I feel very lucky with the resources that we have in the U.S. compared to what Hana has to go through to start her company from scratch,” said Kong. “I learned a whole lot of what we have here and what she doesn’t have there,” Kong added. Kong’s UberMedia is recognized as a pioneer in targeted mobile advertising and was listed as Fast Company’s “50 Most Innovative Companies,” The Wall Street Journal’s Top “50 Startups,” Entrepreneur Magazine’s “Best Entrepreneurial Companies in America,” and as one of Advertising Age’s “Best Places to Work” since its inception in 2012. Needless to say, Qerimi was able to see firsthand how a successful company is run. Qerimi said she plans on interacting more with her co-workers and employees in Kosovo after seeing how close knit Kong and her UberMedia staff are on a daily basis. “I love how they actually work on a team here because everyone is in one place and it’s a shared room. I will definitely implement this as soon as I get to my country because in that way you get to know people more, to socialize more with a team and definitely get their opinion when it’s requested whenever it’s needed,” said Qerimi. Qerimi’s Digital School is the only private education institute in Kosovo which offers computer science, programming and robotics lessons for ages 7 to 18-years-old as an afterschool program. It currently operates in two cities with more than 600 active students and is accredited by the Ministry of Education of Kosovo. “I think they will have the chance to get two perspectives because my country is basically on the other side of the globe and it’s a very small country and still we share so many similar things,” said Qerimi. Just 5 percent of leadership positions in the technology industry are held by women and only 18 percent of undergraduate computer science degrees and 26 percent of computing jobs are held by women, according to Girls Who Code. “I’ve been involved in the IdeaLab community for almost fifteen years and it’s always been open and welcome to women in tech or any leadership position and I see that trend going across the board, not only in San Gabriel Valley, but also across southern California. I feel that it is going in the right direction and I personally have been very encouraged in my career to grow from a woman in tech to a woman in leadership as well,” explained Kong. Since the inaugural program in 2006, the U.S. Department of State, Fortune Most Powerful Women and Vital Voices Global Partnership have worked with over 280 international business women leaders from over 55 countries and territories. “Doors are opening for us,” said Kong. Read Previous Post Read Next Post Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Pasadena-Based General Finance Corporation Reports Slight Revenue Increase for Third Quarter Over 2016 Women Tech CEOs From Kosovo to California Talk Business, Share Personal Experiences as Leaders Green Light for Pasadena’s Green Dot PASADENA NOW Pasadena Now has been published daily since April, 2004 and is among the very oldest continously operated community news websites in the U.S. Pasadena Now strives to publish a full spectrum of news and information articles in service to the entire community. The publication will remain free to readers and will not erect paywalls. Pasadena Now strives to provide factual, unbiased reporting. Our opinion section is open to all. © 2014 PASADENA NOW. LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED COMPANY INFO CONTACT CONNECT & SHARE RSS FEEDS The Arts & Culture Click Headings for Section Home Pages MUSIC LA County Supervisor Kathryn Barger Presents Grammy Award Winning Artist LeAnn Rimes “Live at the Arboretum” Caltech-Occidental Concert Band and Jazz Band Present their 37th Annual Bandorama The Pasadena Symphony and Pops Celebrates George Gershwin with Music Under the Stars David Arnay’s Second Sunday Jazz Series Presents Nora Germain THEATRE Man of La Mancha Extended Until June 4 at A Noise Within A Noise Within Announces 2017-2018 Season Unbound Productions Presents Mystery Lit: Holmes, Sherlock and The Consulting Detective ‘The Pajama Game’ Presented by The Shakespeare Club VISUAL ARTS Pasadena Museum of California Art, Red Hen Press Collaborate to Commemorate Museum’s 15th Year The Art of Getting There: Railroad-Inspired Artistry Paseo Colorado Celebrates 25-Year Anniversary of Pasadena Chalk Festival 55th Annual Sierra Madre Art Fair DANCE Lineage Dance and Street Symphony Present Stories That Move Us Friday’s ArtNight Pasadena Fills City with Artful Shuttlers Memory 5D+… An Immersive Musical Odyssey to a Distant Past Eliot Arts Dance Students Visit The Music Center, Experience Local Debut of the Jessica Lang Dance Company HISTORY “My City” Looks Back at History to Guide the Way Forward to Pasadena’s Future Crowell Library Presents History of the Old Mill with Speaker Cathy Brown Free Reception Sunday, April 9, Celebrates New Exhibits at Pasadena Museum of History Heritage Square Community Room Dedicated to Honor of Local Black Entrepreneur, Visionary Thomas Scott SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY Caltech Faculty, Staff, and Students Gearing Up for Summer Research Program Researchers at Caltech Are Shining Light Deep into the Brain Five from Caltech Elected to National Academy of Sciences JPL’s Cassini Spacecraft Records Spooky Sounds in Space DESIGN Here’s a Sneak Peek of The Showcase House ArtCenter Runways Human and Puppy Fashions Designed by Students The American Society of Interior Designers Present 2017 Design Trends Showcase Pasadena Showcase House for the Arts Empty House Party Hints at Exquisite Designs LITERARY ARTS Pasadena Museum of California Art, Red Hen Press Collaborate to Commemorate Museum’s 15th Year Pasadena Festival of Women Authors Attracts 500 A Stitch of Time Red Hen Press to Host Pasadena Garden and Poetry Walk Community Click Headings for Section Home Pages COMMUNITY NEWS A Relay Wedding to Raise HOPE for Those with Cancer Check Your Mailbox for Letter Carriers Food Drive Information, And Consider Helping March Home: Ending Homelessness One Step at a Time Cookies and Volunteers Needed for “Operation Cookie” EDUCATION Discover Announces $39,950 Financial Education Grant to Pasadena Public Schools Start Your Child’s Education Right Five Pasadena Unified ‘Teachers of Excellence’ Named by Rotary Club of Pasadena Frostig School Stages Spring Musical GOVERNMENT Senator Portantino Pleased, Upbeat About Gov. Brown’s May Budget Revisions Portantino Helps Score More Funding For Public Education; Governor’s May Budget Revision Includes Significant Increases Former Pasadena City Manager Cynthia Kurtz Selected as Temporary City Manager for Santa Ana In Cycle of Constant Vigilance, Battle and Reward, Preservationists Descend on Pasadena GIVING BACK Five Acres Receives $1 Million Gift for the Helen Webster Cottage Care Project Three Local Nonprofits Team to Create One Stop Online Pasadena Help Center Bolton Foundation Cornhole Tournament Sends Local Nonprofits Home With $10,000 Checks Pasadena-Altadena Links Award Scholarships to Pasadena Unified High School Seniors GATHERINGS Junior League of Pasadena Hosts Successful Annual Fundraiser A Noise Within’s 25th Anniversary Gala, A Recap 2017 Pasadena Showcase House of Design Celebrates it Opening Premiere Night Draws a Crowd Middle School Students Honored by Woman’s Civic League PEOPLE Caltech Chemist Robert Grubbs Elected to Great Britain’s Royal Society, Oldest Scientific Academy in Continuous Existence Five Acres Receives $1 Million Gift for the Helen Webster Cottage Care Project Vin Scully, Bob Uecker, and Charlie Brown Elected to the Baseball Reliquary’s Shrine of the Eternals for 2017 Exploring Trauma Treatment Through Music, Caltech Senior Earns Fellowship FAITH The Radio Review of 1938 is Coming to Town La Canada Presbyterian Church Presents Fibromyalgia/Arthritis Support Group Pasadena Religious Services This Sunday Registration for La Canada Presbyterian Church’s Fall Parent Education Classes Opens May 10th Click for Events Home Events by Date What's On Today 8:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Conference Fictive Histories Historical Fictions 10:00 a.m. - 7:30 p.m. Pasadena Showcase House of Design 1:00 p.m. Friday Movie Matinee Manchester by the Sea R 1:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m. The Courage to Write Writing Workshop 2:00 p.m. - 5:30 p.m. Afternoon Coloring for Mother s Day 3:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m. Spring Ceramics Sale Event Search WhatYou are searching... All Altadena Event Art Benefits Business Children Classical Music Convention Center Dance Education Food & Wine Gardens Green Health Holiday Innovation & Technology Jazz Lectures Music Nightlife Openings/Closings Readings and Signings Shopping & Sales South Pasadena Event Special Events Sports Technology Theatre Tours Date All Dates Today Tomorrow The Weekend The Next 7 days Choose a date range EVENTS PREVIEWS A Relay Wedding to Raise HOPE for Those with Cancer March Home: Ending Homelessness One Step at a Time Altadena’s 5th Annual Car Show to be Held at Farnsworth Park, Saturday June 17 Lineage Dance and Street Symphony Present Stories That Move Us NIGHTLIFE Your Pasadena Live Music Round Up Lovable Cynic Alonzo Bodden Returns Joey Diaz and Eric Blake on New Year’s Eve at the Ice House Comedy Club According to Jim’s Jim Belushi Returns with The Board of Comedy DINING Celebrate Mom With Dessert Mother’s Day Dining Guide Get a Restaurant Week Deal at The Langham Meet Mezcal, Your New Favorite Mexican Spirit, at Maestro Media Partner Click Headings for Section Home Pages NEWS AROUND TOWN CITY SPORTS SCHOOLS Special Sections TRAVEL Learn about Travel to India with the Pasadena Chamber Dubai Trip Added to September Itinerary Pasadena Highlighted in Latest Issue of Southwest In flight Magazine Langham Hotels Resorts Recognized with Six Cond Nast Traveler s Readers Choice Awards CARS Nissan Altima SL Comfort and Economy in an Attractive Package Golf SportWagen TSI S Crossover Space Without the Crossover Face Mazda Grand Touring A Touch of Class PHOTOGALLERIES Frostig School Stages Spring Musical My City Looks Back at History to Guide the Way Forward to Pasadena s Future Alverno Heights Academy Students Share Children s Stories with St Rita School Click Headings for Section Home Pages SHOPPING & SALES Flowers for Mom Saje Natural Wellness Comes to Pasadena Flowers Made in the USA Why Some People Care Shopping The Baby Shower BEAUTY Make Sure Your Smile is Ready for Prom Mother s Day Picks to Pamper Your Mom What is the Right Shade of White for Your Teeth Fruits and Veggies That Help Keep Your Teeth White HEALTH Pasadena Mental Health Day Set Saturday May Get Ready to Sweat at Pasadena s Ultra efficient Workout Studio Three Ways to Embrace Natural Wellness at Saje Tips to Relieve Spring Allergies FASHION & STYLE Top Trends for a Stylish Spring Wedding Show Weekend Highlights Wedding Trends Tips to Say Yes to Your Dress Give Your Closet Breathing Room IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU Make Baby s First Bites Count URB E Sport Simplifies Your Commute Swami Mukundananda Talks Yoga and Meditation Treat Your Mom to Luxury REAL ESTATE A Beautiful Quaint Craftsman Bungalow Located on Worcester Avenue Pasadena Spectacular Panoramic View H ome in Altadena s Rubio Highlands AgentPhil Com Property Of The Week S Orange Grove Unit Pasadena AgentPhil com Property of the Week Linda Glen Drive Pasadena AT HOME Choose the Right Shingle for Your Home How to Prevent Water Damage Three Things to Look Forward to at Showcase House What to do After Water Damage IN THE GARDEN Timed Tickets for Rose Festival at Descanso Gardens Your Pasadena Community Garden Guide Garden Conservancy s Open Days Program Includes Pasadena Gardens TOMATOMANIA Returns to Descanso Gardens FOOD & DRINK The Anatomy of a Perfect Salad Sip on Springtime Bliss at Smitty s What to Eat on Cinco de Mayo Altadena Ale Celebrates th Anniversary with Music and Flowing Cheer Click Headings for Section Home Pages Click here for Front Page Local News NEWS NOW Three Local Nonprofits Team to Create One Stop Online Pasadena Help Center Local Caltrans Renters Again Ask for City Council Intervention Pasadena’s April Rents Ranked 2nd Priciest in Metropolitan Los Angeles Market THE LATEST Former Pasadena City Manager Cynthia Kurtz Selected as Temporary City Manager for Santa Ana Iconic, Century-Old Crown City Hardware Morphs Into Internet-Age Hybrid Retailer Sudden Squall Fails to Dampen Spirits of a Thousand Foodies at Rose Bowl CRIME Pasadena Man Sentenced to 9 Years in Federal Prison for Distributing Child Pornography Over Peer-to-Peer Computer Network Arsonist Convicted of 2012 Double Murder in Pasadena Man Sentenced to Prison for Killing Sister in San Gabriel PUBLIC SAFETY Vehicle Containing Firearm Stolen Pasadena Police Seeking Stolen Vehicle Containing a Firearm Stolen Pasadena Bentley Recovered in Phoenix, Pair Arrested GOVERNMENT Senator Portantino Pleased, Upbeat About Gov. Brown’s May Budget Revisions Portantino Helps Score More Funding For Public Education; Governor’s May Budget Revision Includes Significant Increases Former Pasadena City Manager Cynthia Kurtz Selected as Temporary City Manager for Santa Ana EDUCATION Discover Announces $39,950 Financial Education Grant to Pasadena Public Schools Start Your Child’s Education Right Five Pasadena Unified ‘Teachers of Excellence’ Named by Rotary Club of Pasadena BUSINESS Pasadena-Based General Finance Corporation Reports Slight Revenue Increase for Third Quarter Over 2016 Women Tech CEOs From Kosovo to California Talk Business, Share Personal Experiences as Leaders Green Light for Pasadena’s Green Dot SPORTS Vin Scully, Bob Uecker, and Charlie Brown Elected to the Baseball Reliquary’s Shrine of the Eternals for 2017 PCC Wins First Playoff Series in 50 Years with 3-2 Victory Over Riverside City College Live Blogging: Dodgers Face Los Gigantes at AT&T Park OPINION Shirlee Smith | Mother’s Day Not All It’s Cracked Up to Be Guest Opinion | Phil Hosp: Thank You Shirlee Smith | The Uprising – Where Were The Parents? Click Headings for Section Home Pages FEATURES Spend Summer at Camp Socrates Flintridge Fever Let s Groove Tonight Benefit Breaks Records Maranatha High School Missions Kicks Off at Harambee St Francis High School Mothers Guild Celebrate Spring Mothers Brunch SCHOOL NEWS Pasadena Unified Math Academy Solve Competition is May Five PUSD Teachers of Excellence Named by Rotary Club of Pasadena Ramona Convent STEM Department Co Chair Receives Fulbright Award Advisory Committee Holds May Public Hearing on Burbank Surplus Property SCHOOL EVENTS Frostig School Students Tour Jones Coffee Mayfield Junior School A Night in Paradise Innovative New Public Charter School Opening in Altadena Fall Huntington Middle School Orchestras Farewell Concert SPORTS Immaculate Heart Track Field Team Finishes Strong Second in Mission League Swimmers Deliver Winning Strokes Flintridge Prep Girls Soccer Earns Numerous Post Season Honors Pasadena Unified Recognizes Pasadena High School Athletes Chandler Middle School Girls and Boys Golfers Win League Tournaments COMMUNITY SERVICE Earn for Blair at Vroman s from May and Blaze Pizza on May Alverno Heights Academy Students Share Children s Stories with St Rita School Mayfield Junior School Celebrating Father Alan Episcopal Identity at The Gooden School ACADEMICS Westridge s First STEM Expo Blair High School Explore IB Diploma Programme Opportunities Today Barnhart School Earn Awards and Qualified for World Scholar s Cup Global Round South Pasadena High School SkillsUSA Students Win Big at State Competition in San Diego THE ARTS Arts Education Succeeds Either Way Frostig School Stages Spring Musical Southwestern Students Shone at ArtsFest Creative Arts Media CAMAD Visual Arts Design Academy VADA and Graphic Communications Academy GCA Honor Armenian Genocide Remembrance Day FOCUS ON LEARNING Polytechnic School The Magic of Chemistry How to Develop a Passion for Reading in Your Child The Gooden School Eighth Graders Visit Washington DC and Williamsburg VA Pasadena LEARNs After School Program is Now Accepting Applications for Summer of Discovery Click Headings for Section Home Pages HOME DECORATING Choose the Right Shingle for Your Home How to Prevent Water Damage Three Things to Look Forward to at Showcase House 2017 What to do After Water Damage HOME IMPROVEMENT Why You Should Get the Plumbing Checked Before Buying a New Home Why You Need a Pro to Deal with Water Damage How to Assess Roof Damage After Strong Winds Make the Switch to Copper or PEX Pipes IN THE KITCHEN The Do’s and Don’ts of Kitchen Garbage Disposals How to Make the Most of End of Summer Fruits and Vegetables Feather Your Nest It’s Not Too Late to Cool Down With Fresh Produce ENTERTAINING Project Spotlight: Roosevelt Avenue Residence The Transformers of Furniture How to Be a Cheese Plate Nerd THE GARDEN Timed Tickets for Rose Festival at Descanso Gardens Your Pasadena Community Garden Guide Garden Conservancy’s Open Days Program Includes Pasadena Gardens TOMATOMANIA! Returns to Descanso Gardens THE BATH Get a Head Start on Your Holiday Hosting Plans Smart Living The Best Cure is Always Prevention The Secret to Earthquake Preparedness OUTDOOR LIVING Why It’s Important to Get Your Bike Fitted Discussions and Encounters with Wildlife Highlight Urban Biodiversity How to Create a Relaxing Minimalist Landscape Defining Elements of Mediterranean Inspired Landscapes PETS Pets of the Week at the Pasadena Humane Society Pets of the Week at the Pasadena Humane Society Pets of the Week at the Pasadena Humane Society Pets of the Week at the Pasadena Humane Society ARTS & CRAFTS Sunshine Festival at Craft Fair Gift Shop Jackalope Indie Artisan Fair in Pasadena Jackalope’s Indie Artisan Fair Brings Handmade to Pasadena Handmade Shopping With A Cause This Spring at Jackalope Pasadena
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Retail train wreck continues as sales plunge at Macy’s, Kohl’s Retail train wreck continues as sales plunge at Macy’s, Kohl’s Posted on Thursday, May 11, 2017 by CNN in Business News The tale of woe for traditional retailers continues. Macy’s, Kohl’s and Dillard’s all reported lower sales for the last three months and missed Wall Street’s forecasts. Department store chains have been struggling lately due to intense competition from Amazon, a resurgent Walmart and newer retailers like Uniqlo, H&M and Zara. New Macy’s CEO Jeff Gennette, who recently took over from long-time Macy’s chief Terry Lundgren, said in its earnings release that the company was encouraged by the sales of women’s shoes, jewelry and furniture in its stores. But overall sales fell 7.5% from a year ago and same-store sales, which measure how well stores open at least a year are doing, dropped more than 5%. Gennette conceded there is a lot of work to do in order to boost the company’s overall performance, particularly with regards to its e-commerce offerings. “We are focused on taking actions to stabilize our brick and mortar business,” Gennette said. “At the same time, we will invest to aggressively grow our digital and mobile business.” Investors weren’t impressed. Macy’s stock deflated faster than a balloon at the end of the company’s trademark Thanksgiving Day parade in New York City Thursday morning, plunging 10%. Shares of Dillard’s also fell 10% and Nordstrom fell 5%, while Kohl’s fell about 2%. One possible reason why Kohl’s didn’t drop as much as Macy’s? It did report a profit that topped analysts’ estimates at least. Macy’s did not. But investors remain focused on the weak sales trends for these and other traditional retailers. Dillard’s CEO William T. Dillard, II noted in the earnings release that “our sales decline weighed heavily” on its overall results. Total sales were down 6% from a year ago while same-stores sales fell 4%. Kohl’s CEO Kevin Mansell took a more upbeat tone though, saying he was “encouraged by the significant improvement in sales and traffic” after a tough February. But it still wasn’t enough to keep overall sales and same-store sales from falling about 3%. These three retail icons aren’t the only ones that have been hit hard by a rapid change in how consumers shop. Sears continues to struggle. And JCPenney, which will report its latest results Friday morning, has been unable to find a way to get sales growing either. Target has been hit hard as well. And former teen fashion king Abercrombie & Fitch is now looking for someone to buy it. But some retailers have suffered an even worse fate. American Apparel, Wet Seal, The Sports Authority and Aeropostale have all filed for bankruptcy. RadioShack has gone bankrupt — twice. All of this turmoil has led to tens of thousands of layoffs in the retail sector as well. Meanwhile, Amazon has reliably wowed Wall Street with its strong sales and profits. And Walmart has been on a shopping spree lately, scooping up Jet.com and several other online retailers in order to boost its own digital commerce offerings. China's top messaging app is back online in Russia This software-school startup doesn't make students pay -- until they score a job Related Posts 10 million Indians use his app Will tracking pay really prevent discrimination? China stocks crash 11% in a week Ben Affleck controversy causes PBS to delay ‘Finding Your Roots’ Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land Big Step Snapchat rolls out self-serve platform for its vertical video ads Now 'User-Friendly' Google AdSense now allows 300x250 ads above the fold on mobile Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home CMO Zone Get the most important digital marketing news each day. Taking Goliath down: How to compete with the giants in your industry How do you compete with larger, well-established businesses? Contributor Aden Andrus shares winning strategies to help you effectively market against the corporate behemoths. Aden Andrus on May 11, 2017 at 9:26 am More Marketing a business — especially a smaller business — can often feel like a David and Goliath scenario. Your competition is bigger, better funded and branded. How do you compete with that? While it’s true that a well-established company has a lot of advantages over a startup, do you remember the old joke about David and Goliath? Q: Why was Goliath so surprised when David hurled a pebble at him? A: Because such a thing had never entered his head before… Yes, it’s a corny joke, but it exposes an important truth about startups and other small businesses. A good entrepreneur doesn’t start a business because they want to be Walmart or Amazon or Apple. A good entrepreneur starts a business because they recognize an unmet need — something that has never entered the head of their giant-sized competition before. However, although many businesses are started because of an unmet need, far too many business owners get sucked into the trap of trying to be the competition. They try to compete on the same playing field, which ends up being about as effective as David crossing swords with Goliath. To truly compete with the Goliaths in your industry, you can’t “bring a sling to a sword fight.” You have to know what makes your business different and how to market that to your competition’s dissatisfied customers. Here’s how: Pick up where the competition left off If you want to steal customers from the competition, it pays to know where their customers hang out. Maybe they frequent the same forums. Maybe they meet at certain conventions. Maybe they read the same publications. Wherever your competition’s customers are, you want to be there, too. Once you know where your competition’s customers are, look for opportunities to differentiate your business, solve problems and add value. For example, if a competitor’s responses on a corporate social media account are superficial, try offering a more in-depth response with a way people can reach you easily via email, phone calls and more. This highlights one of the great disadvantages of big corporations: a lack of personalization. Big companies have to appeal to everyone, which means they often don’t do a good job of appealing to the individual. However, small businesses are great at appealing to the individual. They can offer custom solutions, unique incentives or simply a real live human to talk to. So, if you’re trying to steal customers away from a bigger competitor, focus on doing what the competition can’t (or won’t) do. Join the forums where people complain about the competition, and show how your company is a better option. Run booths at conventions that highlight what makes your business unique. Publish helpful ideas in the publications your potential customers read. In other words, be the real, helpful, approachable business your competition can’t be. Combine that with a product or offer that addresses a big frustration with the competition, and you’ll be well on your way to slaying your Goliath. Use what you know Corporate bureaucracy is the Achilles’ heel of big businesses. The more layers a business has between the people calling the shots and the people actually interacting with the customers, the less that company’s decisions have to do with real market needs. However, in many small businesses, the business owner still works directly with customers. He or she knows exactly who the business works with and what those customers need. When it comes to marketing your business, these sorts of insights give small businesses a key advantage over their bigger competitors. Are your customers young moms? Millennials who are paring down their lives to the essentials? Do they have a child they’re putting through college? Are they caring for an elderly parent? Have they lost a loved one recently? At a large company, marketing, sales and fulfillment typically work independently. Yes, your competitor might have a big marketing team, but often no one on those teams has closed a sale or worked with a customer. You have, which means you often have much better insight into the needs and motivations of your target audience than anyone on the competition’s marketing team. Find an advocate David and Goliath is a great story, but did you ever stop to wonder, what was a shepherd boy doing facing off against a giant in the first place? As it turns out, David had friends in high places. Long before he faced off against Goliath, David was a harpist for Saul, the Israelite king. So, when David decided to test his mettle against the giant, guess who was his biggest supporter? Yep, King Saul. Without King Saul championing his cause, David would never have had a chance to confront Goliath. Similarly, small businesses need advocates to champion their causes if they hope to stand a chance against their own giants. Influencer marketing has become something of a buzzword in recent years, but the support of key influencers in your industry can make or break your business. Like David, your business will have an easier time if it’s already made a good impression on an influencer. But it’s never too late to recruit the support of influencers. Depending on your business, these influencers might be celebrities, bloggers, product reviewers or simply customers with a large social media following. What matters is that your interests align, your values align, and they are willing to endorse your company in some way. Endorsements are good for any business, but they are particularly valuable for small businesses. Big businesses already have a lot of exposure, but a mention from the right influencer can turn your relatively unknown product or offer into a must-have overnight. Adapt to change Ever watch a semi drive around a corner? Big things turn slowly, and big businesses are no exception. It’s hard for a big business to adapt to changes in the market. But a small business? A small business owner can spot a change, call all his or her employees in and change the direction of the company — in a single meeting. That’s a level of flexibility and responsiveness no giant company can hope to match. A big change in your market is rarely fun, but if you run a smaller business, you should look at change as an opportunity. So, if a new study comes out that changes public opinion, or a social media faux pas turns public opinion against a competitor, seize the day! If you can quickly adapt to change, you can become the company that the competition’s dissatisfied customers run to. Conclusion Trying to compete with well-established businesses can often feel like a David and Goliath-type scenario. However, it isn’t a hopeless scenario! Remember, David beat Goliath by doing what Goliath couldn’t. He didn’t try to beat Goliath at his own game. Instead, he got scrappy, found his opponent’s weakness and made the most of his own strengths. You can do the same. By picking up where the competition leaves off, using what you know about your target audience, finding an advocate and pivoting as needed, you can successfully market your business against even the biggest corporate giants. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Marketing Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Aden Andrus Aden is the brilliant mind responsible for Disruptive Advertising's content and marketing strategy. A compulsive strategist, Aden lays awake at nights figuring out how to up Disruptive's marketing game. Connect with him on Twitter. Popular Stories Taking Goliath down: How to compete with the giants in your industry How Facebook is using AI to penalize spammy, ad-heavy websites in its News Feed Survey: Only 24 percent of SMBs seeing positive ROI on Facebook Related Topics Channel: CMO ZoneHow To Guides: Marketing StrategyMarketing Strategies Column Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in early bird rates by May 13. Register today! White Papers The Value of a Happy Customer The Big Book of Ascend Ideas What is Omniconversion? Digital Asset Management for Dummies Harnessing the Power of Machine Learning: A How-To for CMOs See More Whitepapers Webinars New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers Start Listening! 7 Real-World Tips for Better Social Engagement Track, Qualify & Convert Your Leads: Using call and SMS data to drive new customers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Augusta Friday, May 12, 2017    Last update: 2 a.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Augusta woman admits to stealing cash, gift cards while working at post office Print Email Share Tweet By Judy Harrison, BDN Staff Posted May 11, 2017, at 8:45 a.m. Last modified May 11, 2017, at 10:24 a.m. BANGOR, Maine — An Augusta woman admitted Wednesday in U.S. District Court that she took cash and gift cards totaling at least $400 intended as gifts from mail between April 1 and Aug. 1. Amanda K. Wentzel, 26, waived indictment and pleaded guilty Wednesday to one count of theft of mail by a postal employee. By pleading guilty, Wentzel admitted that while working as a clerk at the Temple Post Office she “rifled” through about 20 pieces of mail and took cash and gift cards for her own use, according to the prosecution version of events to which she pleaded guilty. Temple is located west of Farmington. “She said that she did not want to deal with checks and that she had thrown checks into the trash,” the document said. “On July 21, a postmaster sorted through the trash at the Temple Post Office and found several pieces of mail that the defendant had opened and discarded.” Wentzel resigned Aug. 9. She came to the attention of U.S. Postal Service Office of Inspector General after a Temple resident complained to the Franklin County sheriff’s office his son had not received a prepaid debit card sent to him by a friend. A test piece of mail containing a greeting card and a $10 Wal-Mart gift card was sent July 19 from the Temple Post Office, according to the court document. On July 20, Wentzel used that card and two other Wal-Mart gift cards at the Wal-Mart Supercenter in Farmington. Wentzel is being represented by James Nixon of the Federal Defender’s Office. The office does not comment on pending cases, according to David Beneman, the head federal defender in Maine. She was released Wednesday on personal recognizance bail. A sentencing date has not been set. She faces up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. She also could be ordered to pay restitution. SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Elton John to play two concerts in Maine this fall Elephant tranquilizer kills first Maine drug user Police: Baby who died was in foster care at day care center Deportee’s wife: ‘I’m not going to let this government tell us who we can love’ Tiny houses offer hope to homeless people in midcoast Maine LePage refused to acknowledge national monument’s positive impact Out-of-state lobbying group wants to weaken Maine laws. Legislators shouldn’t fall for it. What Maine can do to show it cares about its kids Friday, May 12, 2017: GOP health care plan bad for Maine, fire Trump, support right-to-work Trump, like Nixon, will fail UMaine basketball player who broke teammate’s jaw won’t return to team New England cross country championships returning to Maine this fall Celtics vs Wizards Game 5: from the brilliant mind of Mark Aggressive baserunning helps Bangor baseball team edge Hampden Foxcroft sophomore no-hits Ellsworth CULTURE SHOCK Elton John to play two concerts in Maine this fall URBAN EYE Opium owner: ‘We didn’t call our bar heroin or opiate. We named it after a flower.’ STATE & CAPITOL Why Paul LePage didn’t run against Angus King THE BDN BUZZ Trump’s anger over Russia probe prompted him to fire FBI director OUT THERE A reader wants to know: What made this nest? Opium owner: ‘We didn’t call our bar heroin or opiate. We named it after a flower.’ Midlife Mainers should know about these changes in Social Security Knife or pen in hand, MDI artist carves out a career from pieces of paper Since when did mud become high fashion? KFC is offering a steamy side for Mother’s Day: A free Colonel Sanders romance novel Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs Mainely Thoughts How did a bunch of Christians come up with the AHCA? How did a bunch of Christians come up with the AHCA? Top Stories Maine Democrat to take part in Trump’s voter fraud probe How to fly fish without getting your feet wet Hepatitis C cases in Maine spiking amid opioid crisis Elton John to play two concerts in Maine this fall Tiny houses offer hope to homeless people in midcoast Maine Similar Articles 6.6.2014 Maine communities saying no to Wal-Mart abatement requests 10.5.2016 How Wal-Mart plans to transform the way we buy groceries 7.22.2012 Wal-Mart pushes Web sales tax as Washington clout grows 7.11.2015 Wal-Mart suppliers grapple with ‘Made in USA’ label challenge 2.14.2013 Millions in postal union donations to Congress complicates end of Saturday mail More in Augusta   Maine high court considers if defacto life sentence too harsh in sex assaults on children   Partisan split effectively dooms effort to better police Maine campaign mailings   Augusta woman admits to stealing cash, gift cards while working at post office   Police: Baby who died was in foster care at day care center   High court leery of overturning jury verdict to release man charged in 1969 slaying Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Westfield detectives seek to ID man suspected of stealing nearly $800 in cash from Walmart westfield-suspectcrop.jpg 5-4-17 -- Westfield -- Detectives are seeking the public's help as they work to identify this man who is suspected of stealing nearly $800 in cash last week from multiple registers from the Springfield Road Walmart. (WESTFIELD DETECTIVES / FACEBOOK) Print Email George Graham | ggraham@repub.com By George Graham | ggraham@repub.com The Republican Follow on Twitter on May 11, 2017 at 8:56 AM, updated May 11, 2017 at 1:50 PM comments WESTFIELD - Police are seeking the public's help as they work to identify a man suspected of stealing nearly $800 in cash from multiple cash registers at  Springfield Road Walmart last week. The suspect, accompanied by a child, stole the cash from the store on April 4, according to a post on the detective bureau's Facebook page. Approximately $760 was taken. Those with information are asked to call Detective Andrew Cekovsky at 413-579-4825 or email a.cekovsky@cityofwestfield.org. Callers will remain confidential. MASSLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter MassLive on YouTube Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for custom notifications Sign up for custom traffic text alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Linksys Latest Tri-Band MU-MIMO Wi-Fi Router Delivers High Speed Wireless For Families With Heavy Internet Usage PLAYA VISTA, Calif., May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Linksys®, a leader in networking solutions for the home and business and the first to ship 100 million routers, today announced, it is shipping its new 802.11ac Tri-Band MU-MIMO Router. The Linksys Max-Stream™ EA9300 is an AC4000 MU-MIMO Tri-Band router delivering wireless speeds up to 4Gbps* for simultaneous downloading, streaming, gaming and surfing. Offering MU-MIMO (Multi-User, Multiple-Input, Multiple Output), the next generation Wi-Fi 802.11ac Wave 2 technology, helps improve overall performance and efficiency of a Wi-Fi network while providing dedicated bandwidth to MU-MIMO capable client devices as if they have their own dedicated router.  Linksys offers the largest and broadest portfolio of MU-MIMO Wi-Fi solutions on the market. „Our latest AC4000 Max-Stream MU-MIMO Tri-band router features blazing-fast Wi-Fi speeds up to 4Gbps, MU-MIMO technology, six high-gain antennas and three radios (one 2.4Ghz and two 5GHz) which helps eliminate buffering or lag for movie streamers and gamers when everyone in the household is on the Wi-Fi network,„ said Justin Doucette, senior director, product management at Linksys. „With upcoming new features such as Dual WAN capabilities, Link Aggregation or DFS, this router can work well for the most demanding home networks for super-fast video streaming and data backup or for work from home users that need a VPN connection to the office network for a more secure remote access connection.” Linksys Max-Stream AC4000 MU-MIMO Tri-Band Router (EA9300) Linksys Max-Stream™ AC4000 MU-MIMO Tri-Band Router (EA9300) The Linksys Max-Stream AC4000 MU-MIMO Tri-Band Router is outfitted with Next Gen AC Wi-Fi technologies such as Multi-User MIMO (MU-MIMO) and Tri-Band that work in concert to deliver powerful Wi-Fi at the same time and same speed to multiple connected devices including TVs, gaming consoles, wireless printers, laptops plus others at combined speeds up to 4 Gbps*. The Linksys Max-Stream AC4000 provides easy setup options to get a home office up and running quickly along with the exclusive Linksys app that provides added control of the EA9300 Wi-Fi Router from anywhere at any time using a mobile device. The Max-Stream EA9300 Wi-Fi Router also features a robust set of advanced offerings: Tri-Band AC4000 (3x3x3) – Up to 4 Gbps Max combined – 2x 1625 Gbps (5GHz) + 750 Mbps (2.4GHz) † MU-MIMO 802.11AC Wave 2 technology for simultaneous 4K Streaming on multiple devices at the same time Quad-Core 1.8GHz CPU with three offload processors provide the fastest processing speed Airtime Fairness – Allows faster devices to have more airtime than slower devices Auto Firmware Updates – Linksys automatically pushes the software update to the router overnight and seamlessly brings the latest features and security to a home network Amazon Alexa support – Three new skills including turning guest access on and off, obtaining guest Wi-Fi credentials, as well as getting main network credentials read back to the user. Linksys App lets users monitor and control their home Wi-Fi from anywhere on their mobile device Advanced Beamforming – Beamforming technology helps reduce and maximize the Wi-Fi performance and coverage for both 2.4 and 5GHz bands. SmartConnect Band Steering – Band steering balances your 5GHz Wi-Fi connections and intelligently choose the best radio band for your devices for the best Wi-Fi performance on your network Seamless Roaming± – Technology provides Room-to-Room Wi-Fi with one network name when paired with a Max-Stream Range Extender (RE7000) Active Antennas – Six active high performance antennas with 9x High Power Amplifiers help to provide optimal coverage and maximum signal strength Gigabit Ports – Five Gigabit Ethernet ports (4 LAN + 1 WAN) USB 3.0 Port – Connect shared network storage devices and printers Network Security – SPI Firewall and DoS Protection provide the best in class network security Upcoming features (via automatic firmware update) Dual WAN – Dual WAN can aggregate the bandwidths of two WAN connections to achieve a higher Internet bandwidth greater than 1Gbps Link Aggregation – Supports up to 2Gbps for file transfer Advanced Band Steering – Auto select the most appropriate band between 2.4 and 5Ghz for client devices to achieve the best Wi-Fi performance DFS Channels Support – DFS (Dynamic Frequency Selection) will provide up to four times more channels within the 5GHz band helping to improve the internet speed with less traffic congestion. This feature can help users achieve true lag free 4K content streaming OpenVPN Server– VPN feature allows users too remotely and securely access resources shared within their home local area network Availability The Linksys AC4000 MU-MIMO Tri-Band Router (EA9300) is available immediately on Linksys.com, Amazon and Best Buy.com and is planned to be available at Best Buy, B& H, Fry’s, Meijer, Micro Center, Nebraska Furniture Mart, New Egg, Office Depot and Walmart this weekend for an estimated street price of $299.99.  About Linksys The Linksys brand has pioneered wireless connectivity since its inception in 1988 with its leading innovation and engineering strategies, and best-in-class networking technology, design, and customer service. Linksys enables a connected lifestyle for people at home, at work and on the move, and with its award-winning products, simplifies home control, entertainment, security and Internet access through innovative features and a growing application and partner ecosystem. For more information, visit linksys.com, like us on Facebook, follow us on Twitter or watch us on YouTube. Specifications are subject to change without notice. Actual performance may vary, including lower wireless network capacity, data throughput rate, range, and coverage. Performance depends upon many factors, conditions and variables, including products used, interference, and other adverse conditions. An active, customer-purchased Internet Service Provider broadband account is required for connection of this router and other connected computers and devices to the Internet. Some devices may require additional wireless adapters or an Ethernet cable to connect to this router. Maximum performance derived from IEEE Standard 802.11 specifications. An 802.11ac adapter may be needed to achieve 11ac data rates. In order to achieve the best performance, router must be used with a compatible AC1625 wireless device. *The standard transmission rates—750 Mbps or 1625 Mbps (for 5 GHz), and 750 Mbps (for 2.4 GHz),are the physical data rates. Actual data throughput will be lower and may depend on the mix of wireless products used and external factors. ±Seamless Roaming is designed for devices that support the 802.11k standard, including but not limited to, iPhone (4s and later), iPad Pro, iPad Air and later, iPad mini and later, iPad (3rd generation and later), iPod touch (5th generation and later), Samsung S4 (Android 4.2.2/4.4.2), Samsung S5 (Android 4.4.2), and Samsung S6 (Android 5.0.2). For more information on other supported devices, please check with your device manufacturer. Seamless Roaming may require the latest Max-Stream firmware. Please check the support page of your Max-Stream router for more details. © 2017 Belkin International, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Belkin, Linksys, Max-Stream, and many product names and logos are trademarks of the Belkin group of companies. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. iPad and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Wi-Fi is a registered trademark of the Wi-Fi Alliance. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/linksys-latest-tri-band-mu-mimo-wi-fi-router-delivers-high-speed-wireless-for-families-with-heavy-internet-usage-300455788.html SOURCE Linksys Related Links http://www.linksys.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Get executive communications expertise from a presidential speechwriter Next PostNext Enea Announces New NETCONF and YANG Compliant Network Function Management Evaluation Software Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Linksys Latest Tri-Band MU-MIMO Wi-Fi Router Delivers High Speed Wireless For Families With Heavy Internet Usage PLAYA VISTA, Calif., May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Linksys®, a leader in networking solutions for the home and business and the first to ship 100 million routers, today announced, it is shipping its new 802.11ac Tri-Band MU-MIMO Router. The Linksys Max-Stream™ EA9300 is an AC4000 MU-MIMO Tri-Band router delivering wireless speeds up to 4Gbps* for simultaneous downloading, streaming, gaming and surfing. Offering MU-MIMO (Multi-User, Multiple-Input, Multiple Output), the next generation Wi-Fi 802.11ac Wave 2 technology, helps improve overall performance and efficiency of a Wi-Fi network while providing dedicated bandwidth to MU-MIMO capable client devices as if they have their own dedicated router.  Linksys offers the largest and broadest portfolio of MU-MIMO Wi-Fi solutions on the market. „Our latest AC4000 Max-Stream MU-MIMO Tri-band router features blazing-fast Wi-Fi speeds up to 4Gbps, MU-MIMO technology, six high-gain antennas and three radios (one 2.4Ghz and two 5GHz) which helps eliminate buffering or lag for movie streamers and gamers when everyone in the household is on the Wi-Fi network,„ said Justin Doucette, senior director, product management at Linksys. „With upcoming new features such as Dual WAN capabilities, Link Aggregation or DFS, this router can work well for the most demanding home networks for super-fast video streaming and data backup or for work from home users that need a VPN connection to the office network for a more secure remote access connection.” Linksys Max-Stream AC4000 MU-MIMO Tri-Band Router (EA9300) Linksys Max-Stream™ AC4000 MU-MIMO Tri-Band Router (EA9300) The Linksys Max-Stream AC4000 MU-MIMO Tri-Band Router is outfitted with Next Gen AC Wi-Fi technologies such as Multi-User MIMO (MU-MIMO) and Tri-Band that work in concert to deliver powerful Wi-Fi at the same time and same speed to multiple connected devices including TVs, gaming consoles, wireless printers, laptops plus others at combined speeds up to 4 Gbps*. The Linksys Max-Stream AC4000 provides easy setup options to get a home office up and running quickly along with the exclusive Linksys app that provides added control of the EA9300 Wi-Fi Router from anywhere at any time using a mobile device. The Max-Stream EA9300 Wi-Fi Router also features a robust set of advanced offerings: Tri-Band AC4000 (3x3x3) – Up to 4 Gbps Max combined – 2x 1625 Gbps (5GHz) + 750 Mbps (2.4GHz) † MU-MIMO 802.11AC Wave 2 technology for simultaneous 4K Streaming on multiple devices at the same time Quad-Core 1.8GHz CPU with three offload processors provide the fastest processing speed Airtime Fairness – Allows faster devices to have more airtime than slower devices Auto Firmware Updates – Linksys automatically pushes the software update to the router overnight and seamlessly brings the latest features and security to a home network Amazon Alexa support – Three new skills including turning guest access on and off, obtaining guest Wi-Fi credentials, as well as getting main network credentials read back to the user. Linksys App lets users monitor and control their home Wi-Fi from anywhere on their mobile device Advanced Beamforming – Beamforming technology helps reduce and maximize the Wi-Fi performance and coverage for both 2.4 and 5GHz bands. SmartConnect Band Steering – Band steering balances your 5GHz Wi-Fi connections and intelligently choose the best radio band for your devices for the best Wi-Fi performance on your network Seamless Roaming± – Technology provides Room-to-Room Wi-Fi with one network name when paired with a Max-Stream Range Extender (RE7000) Active Antennas – Six active high performance antennas with 9x High Power Amplifiers help to provide optimal coverage and maximum signal strength Gigabit Ports – Five Gigabit Ethernet ports (4 LAN + 1 WAN) USB 3.0 Port – Connect shared network storage devices and printers Network Security – SPI Firewall and DoS Protection provide the best in class network security Upcoming features (via automatic firmware update) Dual WAN – Dual WAN can aggregate the bandwidths of two WAN connections to achieve a higher Internet bandwidth greater than 1Gbps Link Aggregation – Supports up to 2Gbps for file transfer Advanced Band Steering – Auto select the most appropriate band between 2.4 and 5Ghz for client devices to achieve the best Wi-Fi performance DFS Channels Support – DFS (Dynamic Frequency Selection) will provide up to four times more channels within the 5GHz band helping to improve the internet speed with less traffic congestion. This feature can help users achieve true lag free 4K content streaming OpenVPN Server– VPN feature allows users too remotely and securely access resources shared within their home local area network Availability The Linksys AC4000 MU-MIMO Tri-Band Router (EA9300) is available immediately on Linksys.com, Amazon and Best Buy.com and is planned to be available at Best Buy, B& H, Fry’s, Meijer, Micro Center, Nebraska Furniture Mart, New Egg, Office Depot and Walmart this weekend for an estimated street price of $299.99.  About Linksys The Linksys brand has pioneered wireless connectivity since its inception in 1988 with its leading innovation and engineering strategies, and best-in-class networking technology, design, and customer service. Linksys enables a connected lifestyle for people at home, at work and on the move, and with its award-winning products, simplifies home control, entertainment, security and Internet access through innovative features and a growing application and partner ecosystem. For more information, visit linksys.com, like us on Facebook, follow us on Twitter or watch us on YouTube. Specifications are subject to change without notice. Actual performance may vary, including lower wireless network capacity, data throughput rate, range, and coverage. Performance depends upon many factors, conditions and variables, including products used, interference, and other adverse conditions. An active, customer-purchased Internet Service Provider broadband account is required for connection of this router and other connected computers and devices to the Internet. Some devices may require additional wireless adapters or an Ethernet cable to connect to this router. Maximum performance derived from IEEE Standard 802.11 specifications. An 802.11ac adapter may be needed to achieve 11ac data rates. In order to achieve the best performance, router must be used with a compatible AC1625 wireless device. *The standard transmission rates—750 Mbps or 1625 Mbps (for 5 GHz), and 750 Mbps (for 2.4 GHz),are the physical data rates. Actual data throughput will be lower and may depend on the mix of wireless products used and external factors. ±Seamless Roaming is designed for devices that support the 802.11k standard, including but not limited to, iPhone (4s and later), iPad Pro, iPad Air and later, iPad mini and later, iPad (3rd generation and later), iPod touch (5th generation and later), Samsung S4 (Android 4.2.2/4.4.2), Samsung S5 (Android 4.4.2), and Samsung S6 (Android 5.0.2). For more information on other supported devices, please check with your device manufacturer. Seamless Roaming may require the latest Max-Stream firmware. Please check the support page of your Max-Stream router for more details. © 2017 Belkin International, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Belkin, Linksys, Max-Stream, and many product names and logos are trademarks of the Belkin group of companies. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. iPad and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Wi-Fi is a registered trademark of the Wi-Fi Alliance. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/linksys-latest-tri-band-mu-mimo-wi-fi-router-delivers-high-speed-wireless-for-families-with-heavy-internet-usage-300455788.html SOURCE Linksys Related Links http://www.linksys.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Get executive communications expertise from a presidential speechwriter Next PostNext Enea Announces New NETCONF and YANG Compliant Network Function Management Evaluation Software Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Linksys Latest Tri-Band MU-MIMO Wi-Fi Router Delivers High Speed Wireless For Families With Heavy Internet Usage PLAYA VISTA, Calif., May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Linksys®, a leader in networking solutions for the home and business and the first to ship 100 million routers, today announced, it is shipping its new 802.11ac Tri-Band MU-MIMO Router. The Linksys Max-Stream™ EA9300 is an AC4000 MU-MIMO Tri-Band router delivering wireless speeds up to 4Gbps* for simultaneous downloading, streaming, gaming and surfing. Offering MU-MIMO (Multi-User, Multiple-Input, Multiple Output), the next generation Wi-Fi 802.11ac Wave 2 technology, helps improve overall performance and efficiency of a Wi-Fi network while providing dedicated bandwidth to MU-MIMO capable client devices as if they have their own dedicated router.  Linksys offers the largest and broadest portfolio of MU-MIMO Wi-Fi solutions on the market. „Our latest AC4000 Max-Stream MU-MIMO Tri-band router features blazing-fast Wi-Fi speeds up to 4Gbps, MU-MIMO technology, six high-gain antennas and three radios (one 2.4Ghz and two 5GHz) which helps eliminate buffering or lag for movie streamers and gamers when everyone in the household is on the Wi-Fi network,„ said Justin Doucette, senior director, product management at Linksys. „With upcoming new features such as Dual WAN capabilities, Link Aggregation or DFS, this router can work well for the most demanding home networks for super-fast video streaming and data backup or for work from home users that need a VPN connection to the office network for a more secure remote access connection.” Linksys Max-Stream AC4000 MU-MIMO Tri-Band Router (EA9300) Linksys Max-Stream™ AC4000 MU-MIMO Tri-Band Router (EA9300) The Linksys Max-Stream AC4000 MU-MIMO Tri-Band Router is outfitted with Next Gen AC Wi-Fi technologies such as Multi-User MIMO (MU-MIMO) and Tri-Band that work in concert to deliver powerful Wi-Fi at the same time and same speed to multiple connected devices including TVs, gaming consoles, wireless printers, laptops plus others at combined speeds up to 4 Gbps*. The Linksys Max-Stream AC4000 provides easy setup options to get a home office up and running quickly along with the exclusive Linksys app that provides added control of the EA9300 Wi-Fi Router from anywhere at any time using a mobile device. The Max-Stream EA9300 Wi-Fi Router also features a robust set of advanced offerings: Tri-Band AC4000 (3x3x3) – Up to 4 Gbps Max combined – 2x 1625 Gbps (5GHz) + 750 Mbps (2.4GHz) † MU-MIMO 802.11AC Wave 2 technology for simultaneous 4K Streaming on multiple devices at the same time Quad-Core 1.8GHz CPU with three offload processors provide the fastest processing speed Airtime Fairness – Allows faster devices to have more airtime than slower devices Auto Firmware Updates – Linksys automatically pushes the software update to the router overnight and seamlessly brings the latest features and security to a home network Amazon Alexa support – Three new skills including turning guest access on and off, obtaining guest Wi-Fi credentials, as well as getting main network credentials read back to the user. Linksys App lets users monitor and control their home Wi-Fi from anywhere on their mobile device Advanced Beamforming – Beamforming technology helps reduce and maximize the Wi-Fi performance and coverage for both 2.4 and 5GHz bands. SmartConnect Band Steering – Band steering balances your 5GHz Wi-Fi connections and intelligently choose the best radio band for your devices for the best Wi-Fi performance on your network Seamless Roaming± – Technology provides Room-to-Room Wi-Fi with one network name when paired with a Max-Stream Range Extender (RE7000) Active Antennas – Six active high performance antennas with 9x High Power Amplifiers help to provide optimal coverage and maximum signal strength Gigabit Ports – Five Gigabit Ethernet ports (4 LAN + 1 WAN) USB 3.0 Port – Connect shared network storage devices and printers Network Security – SPI Firewall and DoS Protection provide the best in class network security Upcoming features (via automatic firmware update) Dual WAN – Dual WAN can aggregate the bandwidths of two WAN connections to achieve a higher Internet bandwidth greater than 1Gbps Link Aggregation – Supports up to 2Gbps for file transfer Advanced Band Steering – Auto select the most appropriate band between 2.4 and 5Ghz for client devices to achieve the best Wi-Fi performance DFS Channels Support – DFS (Dynamic Frequency Selection) will provide up to four times more channels within the 5GHz band helping to improve the internet speed with less traffic congestion. This feature can help users achieve true lag free 4K content streaming OpenVPN Server– VPN feature allows users too remotely and securely access resources shared within their home local area network Availability The Linksys AC4000 MU-MIMO Tri-Band Router (EA9300) is available immediately on Linksys.com, Amazon and Best Buy.com and is planned to be available at Best Buy, B& H, Fry’s, Meijer, Micro Center, Nebraska Furniture Mart, New Egg, Office Depot and Walmart this weekend for an estimated street price of $299.99.  About Linksys The Linksys brand has pioneered wireless connectivity since its inception in 1988 with its leading innovation and engineering strategies, and best-in-class networking technology, design, and customer service. Linksys enables a connected lifestyle for people at home, at work and on the move, and with its award-winning products, simplifies home control, entertainment, security and Internet access through innovative features and a growing application and partner ecosystem. For more information, visit linksys.com, like us on Facebook, follow us on Twitter or watch us on YouTube. Specifications are subject to change without notice. Actual performance may vary, including lower wireless network capacity, data throughput rate, range, and coverage. Performance depends upon many factors, conditions and variables, including products used, interference, and other adverse conditions. An active, customer-purchased Internet Service Provider broadband account is required for connection of this router and other connected computers and devices to the Internet. Some devices may require additional wireless adapters or an Ethernet cable to connect to this router. Maximum performance derived from IEEE Standard 802.11 specifications. An 802.11ac adapter may be needed to achieve 11ac data rates. In order to achieve the best performance, router must be used with a compatible AC1625 wireless device. *The standard transmission rates—750 Mbps or 1625 Mbps (for 5 GHz), and 750 Mbps (for 2.4 GHz),are the physical data rates. Actual data throughput will be lower and may depend on the mix of wireless products used and external factors. ±Seamless Roaming is designed for devices that support the 802.11k standard, including but not limited to, iPhone (4s and later), iPad Pro, iPad Air and later, iPad mini and later, iPad (3rd generation and later), iPod touch (5th generation and later), Samsung S4 (Android 4.2.2/4.4.2), Samsung S5 (Android 4.4.2), and Samsung S6 (Android 5.0.2). For more information on other supported devices, please check with your device manufacturer. Seamless Roaming may require the latest Max-Stream firmware. Please check the support page of your Max-Stream router for more details. © 2017 Belkin International, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Belkin, Linksys, Max-Stream, and many product names and logos are trademarks of the Belkin group of companies. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. iPad and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Wi-Fi is a registered trademark of the Wi-Fi Alliance. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/linksys-latest-tri-band-mu-mimo-wi-fi-router-delivers-high-speed-wireless-for-families-with-heavy-internet-usage-300455788.html SOURCE Linksys Related Links http://www.linksys.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Get executive communications expertise from a presidential speechwriter Next PostNext Enea Announces New NETCONF and YANG Compliant Network Function Management Evaluation Software Search Recent Posts TeamTalk puts off CityLink fibre capex in deals TeamTalk puts off CityLink fibre capex in deals NZ median house price eases in April, number of sales tumble NZ median house price eases in April, number of sales tumble Readout of Meeting Between U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Israeli Justice Minister Shaked RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Linksys Ships Its First DOCSIS Cable Modem + Wi-Fi Router PLAYA VISTA, Calif., May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Linksys®, a leader in networking solutions for the home and business today announced it is shipping its first Cable Modem + Router (also known as a Gateway): the new AC1900 Dual-Band Cable Modem Router (CG7500).  The 2-in-1 AC1900 Cable Modem Router combines a DOCSIS 3.0 24×8 Modem and AC1900 Wi-Fi Router into one space saving, high-performing wireless device, with wireless speeds up to 1.9 Gbps*. This new gateway eliminates the need for a separate cable modem, so users have fewer devices cluttering their space, and is ideal for busy online households offering ample bandwidth for streaming, online gaming, and more. Built for internet plans up to 300 Mbps*, it’s compatible with major service providers including Spectrum® and Xfinity® – helping to eliminate annual rental fees up to $120. As cable broadband service providers roll out more premium cable services, the requirement for having the right hardware to go along with new services is critical to ensuring customers maximize their internet speeds.  „Combining the Wi-Fi router with a cable modem as a single solution helps consumers declutter their home environments while eliminating extra hardware rental costs charged by most cable companies,” said Brian Nickell, product manager at Linksys. „Our entrance into the gateway market shows our commitment in providing consumers with high performance cable products combined with the latest wireless technology to deliver the ultimate Wi-Fi experience throughout the home.” Linksys High Speed AC1900 Dual-Band Cable Modem Router (CG7500) Linksys High Speed AC1900 Dual-Band Cable Modem Router, DOCSIS 3.0 24X8 (CG7500) The Linksys AC1900 Cable Modem Router is a 24X8 DOCSIS 3.0 cable modem and a wireless AC1900 router all-in-one.  Users will get superior Wi-Fi performance and enjoy networking speeds of AC1900 Mbps (N600 + AC1300),† making it ideal for large households, gamers, and HD video enthusiasts.  With DOCSIS 3.0, this Wi-Fi cable modem router uses 24 download and 8 upload channels that maximize media streaming and file transfers to create a more efficient broadband connection. Upgraded Wireless-AC Speeds: Wi-Fi speeds up to 1.9 Gbps* Eliminate Rental Fees: Save up to $120 a year in rental fees by not having to rent a separate cable modem or modem router DOCSIS 3.0 24X8 Cable Modem for broadband packages up to 300 Mbps Optimize your existing cable broadband connectivity with 24 download and eight upload bonded channels Simple Plug-and-Play Setup: Get started right out of the box with no CD setup Compatible with all major cable providers Certified for DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Internet Standard Powerful Dual-Core processor for maximum performance Advanced Connectivity: Four Gigabit and one USB 2.0 port Pricing and Availability The Linksys AC1900 Dual Band Cable Modem Router (CG7500) is available immediately for pre-order and will be available for instore purchase this weekend.  The CG7500 will be available at Amazon, Best Buy.com, B&H, Micro Center, New Egg, Office Depot, Target and Walmart, Fry’s, Meijer and Linksys.com for an estimated street price of $199.97.  About Linksys The Linksys brand has pioneered wireless connectivity since its inception in 1988 with its leading innovation and engineering strategies, and best-in-class networking technology, design, and customer service. Linksys enables a connected lifestyle for people at home, at work and on the move, and with its award-winning products, simplifies home control, entertainment, security and Internet access through innovative features and a growing application and partner ecosystem. For more information, visit linksys.com, like us on Facebook, follow us on Twitter or watch us on YouTube. Specifications are subject to change without notice. An active, customer-purchased Internet service provider broadband account is required for connection of this cable modem router and other connected computers and devices to the Internet. Some devices may require additional wireless adapters or an Ethernet cable to connect to this cable modem router. * 1.9 Gbps based on DOCSIS3.0 throughput. Maximum speed varies depending on the service provided by the cable operator. IPv6 availability is dependent upon your ISP or service provider providing IPv6 capability. 300 Mbps represents the advertised throughput you can achieve with the Internet plan provided by your cable service provider. Actual throughput may be lower than 300 Mbps, as this throughput is dependent on your contract with your cable service provider. Maximum router performance derived from IEEE Standard 802.11 specifications. Speed references are provided, marketed, and sold by your broadband service provider and not Linksys. Actual performance may vary, including lower network speed and data throughput rate. Performance depends upon many factors, conditions and variables, including products used, number of users accessing the Internet, type of traffic generated by each user (interactive browsing versus video streaming), interference, and other adverse conditions. †The standard transmission rates—1300 Mbps or 600 Mbps (for 5 GHz), 600 Mbps (for 2.4 GHz)—are the physical data rates. Actual data throughput will be lower than indicated and may depend on the mix of products used and external factors. May require a software/firmware update available for download at linksys.com/support. © 2017 Belkin International, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Belkin and Linksys are trademarks of the Belkin group of companies. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Wi-Fi is a registered trademark of the Wi-Fi Alliance. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/linksys-ships-its-first-docsis-cable-modem–wi-fi-router-300455800.html SOURCE Linksys Related Links http://www.linksys.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Airline Passenger Group Lists Essential Reforms Next PostNext Electric Vehicles Market is Anticipated to Grow US$ 596.56 Billion by 2030 End Search Recent Posts Probiotic Drinks Industry Seeking Growth from Emerging Markets RBNZ sees slower credit growth as lenders compete North America Automotive Valve Stem Seal Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Kombucha Industry : Worldwide Market Trends & Forecasts to 2021 Goodman Property JV to buy central Auckland office building RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home News & Views InDepth Blogs Judaism Sections A / V Radio Shows Video of the Day Cartoons InPrint Search 70.5 F Jerusalem, Israel 16 Iyyar 5777 - ? Friday, May 12, 2017 About About Us Contact Us Submit an Article Advertise on The Jewish Press Classifieds Travel Watch the Kotel – Live! Print Subscriptions Advertise Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. The Jewish Press Home News & Views InDepth Blogs Judaism Sections A / V Radio Shows Video of the Day Cartoons InPrint Home News & Views Health and Medicine Hitler Is Alive and Crazy and Living in Pennsylvania Jewish Antisemitism News & Views Health and Medicine History Holocaust Politics US Hitler Is Alive and Crazy and Living in Pennsylvania By JNi.Media - 16 Iyyar 5777 – May 11, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Photo Credit: Screenshot Isidore Heath Hitler Isidore Heath Campbell, a white nationalist and “self proclaimed” Nazi (as opposed to the official ones?) from Shippensburg, Pennsylvania was granted approval from Hunterdon County, NJ, Superior Court on March 24 to change his surname to Hitler, and so, as of Monday this week, it’s Isidore Heath Hitler to you, members of inferior races. Back in December 2008, Isidore the self-proclaimed Nazi made headlines after a Greenwich Township, New Jersey ShopRite outlet refused to make a cake in honor of the third birthday of his son, Adolf Hitler Campbell. Eventually, a Nazareth, Pennsylvania Wal-Mart baked and inscribed the cake. Advertisement “It’s great,” the new Hitler told MyCentralJersey.com. “My driver’s license is changed over, my insurance, my registration, all that I needed is changed over. I’m the new Hitler.” Mazel Tov. It so happens that May 8, when he became legally Hitler, was Victory in Europe Day, marking the surrender of self-proclaimed Nazi Germany. “Actually, I was commending all the Nazis, meaning I bowed my head that day yesterday,” Hitler said. “I said a prayer for them for all they gave us.” Of course, the original Hitler had already blown his own skull by then, way down in the bunker (we’re told). “I feel good about it,” the new Hitler said, “Now all I need is my kids back.” Fortunately, the same court system that allowed this totally mad person to rename himself after the biggest murderer in recorded human history, is also keeping him from going near his children. In 2013, he entered the Hunterdon County Courthouse dressed in a Nazi uniform to petition for visitation rights with his youngest son, Heinrich Hons Campbell, who had been taken away by state shortly after his birth, in 2011. Adolf Hitler Campbell, JoyceLynn Aryan Nation Campbell and Honzlynn Jeannie Campbell were placed in foster care following reports of parental violence. The court recommended counseling, but Hitler refused because “the psychologist was Jewish.” “Let my four children know that I do love them,” Hitler said. “And I will be there soon to get them.” Advertisement SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleParshat Emor: While Still Fresh and Warm Next articleArab MK Hunger Strikes in Solidarity with PA Terrorists JNi.Media http://JNi.Media JNi.Media provides editors and publishers with high quality Jewish-focused content for their publications. Wordpress / Spot.IM Facebook Loading Facebook Comments ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Facebook. Latest News Stories Science and Tech One of World’s Smallest Huge Cargo Ships Visits Haifa Harbor Eye on "Palestine" Red Cross Meets with Marwan Barghouti Government Accused Jerusalem Arab Killer of British Student Hannah Bladon Indicted Government Hezbollah: ‘Future War With Israel Could Take Place Inside Israeli Territory’ Hamas Danon: Palestinian Authority Paid $1B to Terrorists Eye on "Palestine" FIFA Delays Decision on Anti-Israel Resolution   Follow @JewishPress News Briefs Islamists Israel Considering Increasing Entry Permits for Ramadan Gaza Hamas Claims Gaza Hit Man Arrested Sponsored Post Check out the Jewish Press Classifieds Sponsored Posts Jewish Press Staff - 23 Nisan 5777 – April 18, 2017 Recommended Today Islamists Israel Considering Increasing Entry Permits for Ramadan Eye on "Palestine" Red Cross Meets with Marwan Barghouti Business and Economy Israel Innovation Authority Running First Smart Manufacturing Road Show In Southern China Israeli Arabs Arab MK Hunger Strikes in Solidarity with PA Terrorists Recent Articles by JNi.Media One of World’s Smallest Huge Cargo Ships Visits Haifa Harbor Elbit Gets $40 Million Contract to Modernize Brazilian Marine Corps Electronic Warfare High Court Bars Business Owners from Paying Kashrut Inspectors’ Wages Stolen Antique Coins, Jewelry, Seized in Arab Village Something Random from the Week Firestorm Over US President Trump’s Firing of FBI Director Comey Headline Hana Levi Julian - 15 Iyyar 5777 – May 10, 2017 ABOUT USJewishPress.com - Bringing you the news from Israel and the Jewish World Home About Advertise Contact Dept. of Corrections Submit an Article Job Openings Subscribe (Email Newsletter) Subscriptions (Print Edition) © The Jewish Press 2017. All Rights Reserved. Printed from: http://www.jewishpress.com/news/us-news/hitler-is-alive-and-crazy-and-living-in-pennsylvania/2017/05/11/ Scan this QR code to visit this page online:
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:01 GMT +312 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search European Brands Eager to Enter Chinese Market Struggle With Local Policies © REUTERS/ Tyrone Siu Asia & Pacific 15:30 11.05.2017Get short URL 0 14822 Lured by the size of China's market and its growing middle class, European companies are trying to sell their products on Chinese e-commerce platforms. However, European firms entering China meet such difficulties as promoting their brand, guaranteeing good quality as well as navigating changing government policies. © Flickr/ leighklotz China Conquers Global E-Commerce as its Digital Marketplace Shows Breakneck GrowthSitting beside dozens of other representatives of European companies in a Frankfurt meeting hall, Itzel Arriaga listened attentively to every speaker so she didn't miss out on anything related to doing business in China. As the general manager of Moronni International, a company with both European and Chinese branches that mainly sells cosmetics and fragrances, Arriaga traveled several hours to Frankfurt from the company's Dutch headquarters to participate in the meeting hosted by Netease Kaola, one of China's leading e-commerce companies. "I'm interested in entering the Chinese market, which is huge," she told the Global Times. Arriaga is contemplating collaboration with China's e-commerce platforms to promote Moronni, which has an office in Southwest China's Chongqing Municipality, to Chinese customers. "Products that are recognized in our country may not get recognition in China. I want to know how the platform can do promotion for us," Arriaga said. Like Arriaga, every one of the more than 60 European companies participating in that day's event showed great interest in selling products in China. Compared with the sluggish European economy, China's rising middle class and demand for consumer goods are a tempting prospect. Four companies signed contracts with Kaola that day but most are still on the fence. Despite the large market potential they see, brand promotion, changing government policies as well as quality control all pose obstacles in their way. Catching up © REUTERS/ Greg Baker/Pool Beijing Makes First Foray Into 'the Highest League of the Aircraft Industry'Compared with Japanese and South Korean companies, European ones have been slower in cracking the Chinese market. Over the past five years, as China's Internet sector has bloomed, companies from the US and South Korea have taken the initiative to cooperate with e-commerce firms to export their goods. Japan joined this trend after seeing Chinese tourists flood into the country to go on shopping sprees. In comparison, European companies are more reserved. They are cautious about trying new things and prefer to stay in their comfort zone, said Zhang Lei, CEO of Netease Kaola. But China's huge market has an irresistible appeal. Seeing the huge profits made by other countries' firms, they have started to overcome their conservatism. According to Kaola, this year some European companies took the initiative to propose cooperation with the platform, for the first time. © REUTERS/ Tyrone Siu China Warns Hong Kong Its Autonomy Could Be RevokedLi Jing, a Chinese agent of Ricosta, a German children's shoe brand, told the Global Times that they have noticed that Chinese customers are demanding better goods and are increasingly willing to spend more cash on things they hope will boost their quality of life. Sonja Müller, director of the China Competence Center and the East Asia, Frankfurt am Main Chamber of Commerce, said that most goods exported from Europe to China used to be for industrial use but an increasing proportion is now for individual use. In March, German supermarket chain Aldi officially landed on Chinese e-commerce platform Tmall. Wal-Mart is also cooperating with e-commerce giant JD.com to bring British supermarket brand Asda to the Chinese market. In the recent partnership meeting, Kaola announced that it will purchase no less than 3 billion euro ($3.3 billion) of goods from Europe. "Our target customers are China's middle class, who number over 100 million. They are leading the consumption upgrade. Also, their lifestyle is closely linked to the Internet," said Zhang. © REUTERS/ Kim Kyung-Hoon China-India Ties Are Crucial Amid New Global Order - IMF Deputy Managing DirectorShe added that many people now only use their platform to buy European milk powder but that she hopes this will change as people start to buy a wider range of goods. A commentary published on news portal sohu.com pointed out that the Chinese middle class' shopping preferences are now driven primarily by quality. They have long dropped the mentality of the planned economy period when commodities were scarce. But their demand for quality has not yet been met as the domestic market is filled with cheap, low-quality products. So they have to spend more money on imported foreign products to get the lifestyle they want, said the article. So far German products are the best sellers on China's e-commerce websites among European countries, followed by French goods. "Under the potential threat of global trade protectionism, it's important for Germany to strengthen its trade relationship with China," said Yao Ling, deputy director with the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation. A spokesman from the Ministry of Commerce also stressed that China is not pursuing a surplus in its commodity trade with Europe. But it's not only e-business giants making money from European imports, under the "Belt and Road Initiative," the Chinese government in January launched its first freight train to London from Yiwu West Railway Station, East China's Zhejiang Province. The 12,000-kilometer journey takes about 18 days and crosses countries including Kazakhstan, Russia, Germany and France before arriving in the United Kingdom. The trains carry Chinese goods to Europe and bring back products such as milk powder, pork and cosmetics. Remaining obstacles © AFP 2017/ MARK RALSTON Russian Direct Investment Fund to Announce Major Deals at China's Silk ForumCompared with traditional importing, cross-border e-commerce has special advantages. According to Zhang, it only takes Kaola a week to clear products for sale with the Chinese government while before it could take months. Success can pose difficulties, however. In the partnership meeting hosted by Kaola, some European companies expressed concerns that it will be difficult for them to balance quality and quantity in the face of booming demand. The representative of a German company said that the size and choosiness of the Chinese market may make it difficult for his firm to ramp up production quickly enough to meet demand and maintain their product's quality at the same time. Arriaga told the Global Times that one of the most difficult things about working with e-commerce websites is how to effectively control quality. Zhang said that Kaola directly purchases products from manufacturers to guarantee authenticity and they have a quality control center to monitor what they sell. On Tmall, where firms directly sell their own products to buyers, there are strict rules on people selling fake products. Serious violators will see their shops permanently closed. Still, a simple search of e-commerce websites turns up apparently imported products which claim to be the real thing but are on sale for suspiciously cheap prices. Li Zhao, Greater China CEO of the Eurocomfort Group, said that China's counterfeiting issue is a problem. Eurocomfort is Germany's largest home textile company. © Photo: Pixabay Emerging Markets Encouraged to Defend GlobalizationHe said that the problem is complicated and for now Eurocomfort can only depend on the platforms to monitor it. "We try to provide a competitive price. Also we hope to provide customers the best experience so that our products will not be easily copied," he said. According to Zhang, Kaola has set up branches in different countries and regions to monitor the whole import process from purchasing goods to transportation, and it cooperates with top-notch logistics companies. The company has also set up a team to review the qualifications of its suppliers. Besides the issue of knockoffs, changing government policies have brought uncertainty to cross-border e-commerce. Starting from April 8, 2016 a new tax was placed on imports, dealing a huge blow to e-commerce websites who were enjoying fast development back then. According to the new regulation, goods purchased by individuals from abroad will be taxed as imports, rather than personal postal articles, for the first time. © AP Photo/ Vincent Thian China's One Belt, One Road Financing Welcomes Local Currencies, Says PBOC ChiefImports are subject to tariffs, consumption tax and import VAT, and are therefore taxed at a higher rate than personal articles, though there will be tax breaks for those who buy their products via e-commerce platforms and tariffs for individual purchases are currently set at zero. However, there will now be a 20,000 yuan annual limit on individuals' cross-border purchases over which goods will be taxed at the general trade rate. This policy has hit cross-border e-commerce platforms hard are some are still trying to recover from its impact. In the Global Times' interviews with European companies, many said that promoting their brands in China has proved to be a difficult task. Li Jing said that most German companies are focused on improving their manufacturing techniques and expertise but are poor at promoting themselves. "In China, without enough promotion the brand will lack influence. So it still takes time for both sides to communicate on this aspect and also learn how to provide better after-sales services," she said. Many European companies are overly cautious about the Chinese market. Without grasping the enormous potential on offer, they aren't willing to devote more personnel and resources to Chinese market. To help those companies, e-commerce platforms have made efforts such as organizing live streaming shows and inviting celebrities to China to promote certain products.   This article was written by Xie Wenting and was originally published in the Global Times. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 22 Related: Belarus Interested in Placing Bonds in Chinese Market - President Chinese Dragon Poised to Rule Supreme Over Global Wine Market Tags: commerce, Europe, China TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 10:00Obama's Legacy: US Beefing Up Its Military Presence in E Europe at Full Throttle 09:58Inevitable Punishment: Russia Opens Criminal Cases Over Kiev Killing Civilians 09:55Open Door in Exchange for Action? EU 'Weary of Ukraine's Political Limbo' 09:23China, Russia to Sign Deal on Primorye-1 International Transport Corridor 08:48Centrist Francois Bayrou Favorite to Become New French Prime Minister – PollAll news ‘Miserable Fate’: US Navy’s Nuclear Submarine Strikes a Nerve in North Korea 25241 Satellite Images: Beijing Installing Missile Systems on South China Sea Islands 10741 Tactical Superiority: How 16 Russian Special Forces Took Out 300 Terrorists 10212 North Korea Taunts Seoul With ‘Satellite Photos’ of THAAD 9162 US THAAD Systems Incapable of Intercepting China’s ICBMs, Ex-US Official Says 7517All news FBI Director James Comey Fired By Trump - White House 28 Rewriting History: Croatia Whitewashes WWII Fascist Crimes 24 Satellite Images: Beijing Installing Missile Systems on South China Sea Islands 23 Condoleezza Rice: US Invaded Iraq to Oust Saddam Hussein, Not to Bring Democracy 22 WATCH: Family Beach Trip Goes South Thanks to Anti-Muslim Rant 21All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics And He Scores! Putin Hits the Ice at Night Hockey League Festival in Sochi Russians Strike Again Results of the French Presidential Election News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News Opioid Addiction International Politics On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 56° F Overcast Hi: 68° F Lo: 58° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 3 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News Opioid Addiction International Politics On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Latest Headlines Spurs face quick turnaround before conference finals Updated: 16 mins ago HOUSTON (AP) — The San Antonio Spurs are thrilled to be in the Western Conference finals for the first time since winning the title in 2014.… North Korea sends protest to US Congress over sanctions Updated: 16 mins ago TOKYO (AP) — A North Korean parliamentary committee sent a rare letter of protest to the U.S. House of Representatives on Friday over its ne… AP Top Political News at 2:09 a.m. EDT Updated: 47 mins ago Church services set for 2 doctors killed in penthouse 12:30 am AP Top U.S. News at 1:58 a.m. EDT Updated: 57 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 56° F Overcast Feels Like: 56° F Wind: ENE 15 Humidity: 77% Dewpoint: 49° F Sunrise: 6:00 AM Sunset: 8:02 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides Latest Headlines University of Dayton plans $172 million in arena renovations Updated: 5 mins ago DAYTON, Ohio (AP) — The University of Dayton is planning $172 million in updates to its arena, which is used for the pair of March Madness p… Clemson bound Matt Cooper blossoms into pro prospect 12:15 am Matt Cooper may be the next professional prospect to emerge from Hampton Roads. Browns RB Isaiah Crowell signs tender, team signs 3 rookies Updated: 6 mins ago Indianapolis signs 3 draft picks before rookie camp opens Updated: 6 mins ago Broncos sign top draft pick Garett Bolles Updated: 6 mins ago HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Latest Headlines In the Audience: Norfolk Bike Month May 11, 2017 The Downtown Norfolk Council stopped by to remind you to use your pedal power! In The Kitchen: Pan Seared Sesame Tuna Sashimi and Stripers Style Tuna Poke May 11, 2017 Fresh and local seafood is coming to Norfolk this fall at the brand new Stripers Waterside. Gifts for Every Mom! May 11, 2017 Pet Pal of the Week: Diva May 11, 2017 Counting Kindness – Cops and Curls May 10, 2017 Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 56° F Overcast Hi: 68° F Lo: 58° F Health officials looking for two pit bulls that bit person in York County By Kevin Green Published: May 11, 2017, 8:20 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Photo Courtesy: Virginia Department of Health/Twitter YORK COUNTY, Va. (WAVY) — Peninsula health officials say they are looking for two pit bulls that bit a person Tuesday in York County. The incident reportedly happened at behind a Walmart on Rochambeau Road. Officials say the pit bulls had no collars or leashes and were retrieved by a male and female. One of the pit bulls is described as having light brown fur, while the other is said to have dark brown fur. Officials say the person who was bitten may have to get shots for rabies prevention if the dogs are not found. If the dogs are found, officials say they will be placed on in-home confinement for 10 days. Call Peninsula Health District – Williamsburg Environmental Health at 757-603-4277 if you know anything. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Peninsula health officials seek dog that bit person in JCC Health officials seek dog that bit person in James City County Health officials searching for dog who bit someone at JCC park Health officials looking for dog who bit someone in James City County Advertisement « Previous Story Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 1998-2017 WAVY.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 2017 Latin/South America Retail POS Terminal Study – Forecast for Shipments and Installed Base Through 2020 – Research and Markets DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „2017 Latin/South America Retail POS Terminal Study” report to their offering. The Latin/South America POS terminal market study explores the market climate for POS terminals throughout the Latin/Central and South American region. More than just numbers without explanation, this report goes deep into discussion of retailing in the countries and segments to reveal the forces that are shaping POS purchase decisions. We believe it is important for our customers to not only see numbers, but understand the market behind the data so as to make more informed decisions for the future. Walmart and the 2016 Summer Olympics helped to drive POS adoption throughout Latin/South America. The market for POS in LATAM continues to grow. Large western retailers continue to expand in the market, bringing new POS terminals with them. Yet not all the news is good news. Natural disasters, political unrest and economic issues threaten pockets of future growth. These trends and more are in our latest study. The report includes country-by-country shipments, installed base, forecasts and trends for the electronic point-of-sale terminal market in LATAM. Note that this is not a vendor market share report (other than operating systems and processor types), but rather a fresh look at the state of POS technology in the world’s fastest growing market. Additionally, the report covers emerging trends and influences that affected the market in 2015 and those that will help form market decisions in the future. It also includes estimated market value for shipments and installed base and a forecast for shipments and installed base through 2020. Key Topics Covered: 1. POS-Related Trends in LATAM Retail 2. Latin America Market Overview 3. Mexico 4. Brazil 5. Colombia 6. Chile 7. Argentina 8. Peru 9. Venezuela 10. Other Latin America 11. Forecasts 12. References For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/g8gbhx/2017_latinsouth CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Medical Robot Sales Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Next PostNext Medical Ultra High Molecular Weight Polyethylene Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast– 2022 Search Recent Posts Liberty Gold Begins Trading Under LGD on Toronto Stock Exchange AllCom Global Services, Inc. (AllCom) awarded subcontract by Gilbane Federal for multiple projects at Camp Humphreys in the Republic of Korea Espey Mfg. & Electronics Corp. reports Third Quarter and Nine Month Results All-New Wine Trolley Rolls Into the Santa Maria Valley Local Restaurant Helps Single Mom That Lost Everything for Mother’s Day RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Toggle Close Equipment Hot List Clubs Balls Bags Shoe Guide What's in my bag? Best Clubfitters Instruction Swing Sequences Driving Tips Putting Tips Short Game Approach Shots Beginners Video How To's Courses Destinations Best Golf Courses Following Through Golf World PGA Tour: Scores & Stats Rankings The Loop News & Tours Gear & Equipment Style Celebrity Instruction Health & Fitness Courses & Travel Golf & Business The Grind Video Hot List Best In Golf Submit In The Magazine Following Through Newsletter Sign-up Golf Digest Handicap Golf Digest Stix Promotions Follow Subscribe Subscribe  NewsletterSign up for our newsletter Weird Golf News Video of golf club theft goes viral, leads to arrest of couple wanted in THREE states By  Alex Myers Share this story: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn20 hours ago A day after a man posted security footage on Facebook of his golf clubs being stolen, an arrest that wrapped up a multi-state investigation was made. This is NOT fake news. Kieren Rouse of Biloxi, Miss., shared the video of a woman brazenly taking a set of golf clubs off his porch on Tuesday night. “Need some help making somebody Facebook famous,” Rouse wrote in the social media post. It worked. RELATED: More weird golf news Less than 24 hours, the 30-second clip had been shared nearly 8,000 times and viewed more than 400,000 times. And one of those people who saw the video recognized the truck parked at a nearby Wal-Mart. The authorities were called and a couple from Oklahoma, Amy Beth Minor and Bryan Shane Bebermeyer, were arrested on Wednesday. Turns out, the two were wanted in three states. “It’s mind-blowing,” Rouse, a worship leader at a local church, told Sun Herald. “I was being sarcastic or facetious when I made the post. I figured it would get a few shares locally and maybe somebody would recognize her or the truck. But it’s been shared on the west side of Texas and up in Wisconsin or somewhere near there.” In the video, a woman comes to Rouse's front door and knocks. When there's no response, she picks up his golf clubs (Not the best place to keep them, Kiernen. . . ), throws them in a truck and tells the driver, "Let's go!" You can see the back of the truck is loaded with other items. Check it out: Rouse says he took the clubs out of his car to make room for things he needed to bring to the church. In other words, karma won big time here. Who says social media can't be useful? VIDEO: Watch the crazy, NSFW video of a golf club theft held at gunpoint WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS MORE FROM THE LOOP You Snooze, You Win Testing three sleep-enhancing gadgets 6 hours ago The Pour A sweet alternative to the usual post-round brew 10 hours ago The Loop Undercover Tour Pro: What The Locker Room Is Saying About The Rules Changes 11 hours ago Survey Says! Here's the memo that throws Steve Harvey onto the list of terrible bosses 12 hours ago Golf Addicts Niall Horan calls himself ‘a bit of an anorak’ when it comes to golf 13 hours ago Caddie Highlights Caddie solves mystery of TPC's 17th, throws ball instead 13 hours ago The Players If you volunteer at the Players, you just might get to pick Phil Mickelson up from the airport 14 hours ago The Loop Decisions: What Kind Of Golf Hat Should You Wear? 17 hours ago Weird Golf News Video of golf club theft goes viral, leads to arrest of couple wanted in THREE states 20 hours ago How Bad Are You? Golf's Bad Behavior Matrix May 10, 2017 Wannabe Legends I made a hole-in-one on No. 17 at the Players with Brooks Koepka watching (Sort of) May 10, 2017 Highlight-Reel Club Throws Watch Henrik Stenson's caddie throw his club into the water before The Players... May 10, 2017 You're Welcome 9 sports movies you can get away with watching on date night May 10, 2017 Ol' Blue Eyes Frank Sinatra now has a golf course named after him...sort of May 10, 2017 Man Problems When your kid likes a different team than you, do you still have to love him? May 10, 2017 News Beers from Brooks: Michelob offers 95 cases to fans if Koepka makes hole-in-one May 10, 2017 Hittin' The Road Your Ponte Vedra Beach travel guide for the Players Championship May 10, 2017 Players Championship Watch Rickie Fowler make an ace at the 17th at Sawgrass during Wednesday's practice round May 10, 2017 Related The LoopWatch the crazy, NSFW video of a suspected golf clu… The LoopLongtime local golf store forced to go out of busin… The LoopWoman keeps golf club for protection and warns she&… Accessibility Help Subscription Subscribe Manage Subscription Give a Gift International Subscription Resources Contact Us Accessibility Help Reprints/Permissions Golf Digest Media Kit Golf World Media Kit Site Map Products & Services Golf Digest Shop Golf Digest Perks Golf Digest Tournament Shop Hole-In-One Golf Digest Planner Golf World Boardroom Golf Digest Insiders Condé Nast Condé Nast Digital Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Condé Nast Collection Careers Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/2014). Golf Digest  may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. Your California Privacy Rights  The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. ©2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved CNMN Collection
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 130k 87k 212k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Video Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact A closer look Sony Xperia XZ Premium hands-on - - - Google Home is currently going for $64 in US Post your comment Comments (4) Himanshu 11 May 2017 Google Deals If you are in the US, and are planning to purchase a smart speaker, here's a deal for you: Google's voice-activated speaker Home is currently going for just $64. That's nearly half the device's official price. Walmart is offering the discount, but there's a catch. The deal is offline-only, and is reportedly only available at select Walmart locations in the US. For those who can't avail this deal for whatever reason, it's worth knowing that the speaker has already received a $15 official price cut, meaning you can buy one for $114. Via Related articles Google Home gets price cut in time for Mother's Day Google Home's Assistant now knows 5 million recipes, will help you cook Google Home will support multiple users, the question is: When? Google Home with built-in mesh Wi-Fi router in the works Reader comments shacko brown 8%x3 14 hours ago I got 6 in walmart Tempe Arizona an hour ago.. will sell on ebay... easy money... Reply Anonymous q97E 19 hours ago Going today to see if our Walmart has any. So hope this is true. Reply GoogleHome 0pLF 20 hours ago Does anyone have a list of the Walmart locations that offer Google Home for $64? Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 4 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy S8 95,849 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 56,415 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 52,692 4. Samsung Galaxy S8+ 49,296 5. Xiaomi Mi 6 49,212 6. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 45,101 7. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 40,198 8. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 35,222 9. Apple iPhone 6 34,617 10. Xiaomi Redmi 4X 33,901 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,167 2. OnePlus 3 1,680 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,672 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,642 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,516 6. HTC 10 1,445 7. LG G5 1,218 8. Samsung Galaxy S8 1,090 9. Xiaomi Mi Mix 858 10. OnePlus 3T 840 Home News Reviews Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Events Membership Newsletter Reports Services Buy Tickets: PSFK 2017 Conference Loading... menu Explore by Retail Retail> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Advertising Advertising> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Design Design> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All consulting Events Membership Reports Get our Newsletter About Jet.com Unveils Elegant Future Supermarket Concept In NYC Food Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members At Fresh STORY, a new limited-run concept store in NYC, Jet.com presents fresh produce with an eye for style Matt Vitone 10 may 2017 Food is given an editorial spin at Jet.com‘s new Manhattan-based concept store, where the e-commerce retailer is offering a tightly curated experience centered around fresh produce and culinary-inspire merchandise. Dubbed “Fresh STORY,” Jet.com has partnered with STORY, an NYC-based concept shop that re-invents itself every four to eight weeks by focusing on a highly specific theme, trend or idea. The pop-up store marks the Walmart-owned company’s first foray into physical retail at a time when rival Amazon is testing out its own brick-and-mortar concept, Amazon Go, in Seattle. Like an elegantly presented crudité platter, Fresh STORY sets itself apart in how artfully produce is presented, and paired with similarly-themed merchandise from a variety of non-food categories, including beauty, tech and home decor. “We are thrilled to partner with STORY to introduce Jet Fresh and show-case how we are innovating in the space of online grocery shopping and delivery,” said Jet.com Marketing VP Sumaiya Balbale in a statement. The store emphasizes collaboration and locals as key to the experience, inspiring design elements within. This includes a custom mural by local artist and food illustrator Claudia Pearson and cherry-scented wallpaper courtesy of Brooklyn-based Flavor Paper. The store will also play host to special events throughout May and June, including a Father’s Day trunk show with Mario Batali and a conversation with beauty maven Bobbi Brown. Fresh STORY is located along 10th Avenue and 19th Street in Manhattan and opens May 10. The pop-up will run seven days a week through June 18. Jet.com | STORY +Concept Store Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +e-commerce Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Food Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Fresh STORY Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Jet Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Jet.com Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +manhattan Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +NYC Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +physical retail Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +pop up store Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +produce Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +retail Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +story Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +USA Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Walmart Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending PSFK 2017 Interview: How This Company Is Revolutionizing Maps And Addresses Matt Vitone Posted May 10, 2017 Cities Design & Architecture Yesterday Brooklyn Company Uses Solar Panels To Create Rooftop Living Spaces Advertising Yesterday PSFK 2017 Speaker Interview: What The Supermarket Could Look Like In 2065 Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: Food Debrief Brand Development Yesterday PSFK Conference Interview: How Creative Experimentation Builds A Successful Brand Food Yesterday PSFK Conference Interview: How Creative Experimentation Builds A Successful Brand Analysis & Newsletters Get Our Newsletter: Non-members can sign up for a free dose of daily and weekly insights. Related Expert Matt Brown Customer Journey & Data Managment Retail Yesterday KFC Is Offering A Colonel Sanders Themed Romance Novel For Mother's Day Arts & Culture Yesterday This Kickstarter Campaign Is 3D Printing Tokyo In 100 Pieces Consumer Goods Yesterday Spray Touch Controls Onto Any Surface PSFK EVENTS PSFK 2017 Conference - Named one of the most innovative conferences of 2016 by Inc. Magazine - BUY YOUR TICKETS FOR MAY 19th PSFK Op-Ed february 27, 2017 Sleep Expert: The Rise Of Fit-Based Mass Personalization Is Here PSFK Labs may 10, 2017 Percolate: The New Age Of Marketing And Technology Automotive Yesterday Uber Aims To Put Flying Taxis In The Skies By 2023 Cities Yesterday How Uber Is Designing The Future Of Cities PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Membership Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Advertising Yesterday KFC Is Offering A Colonel Sanders Themed Romance Novel For Mother's Day Work Yesterday Coworkers And Colleagues Can Now Rate Each Other's Work Performance Videos Framing The Future…Live: Membership includes full access to our video archive of thought-leaders. Food Yesterday Ivy Ackerman: Innovating The Dining Experience Debriefs DOWNLOAD: The Food Debrief - Cognitive retail for anytime, anywhere convenience Children Yesterday Gym Offers Group Napping Classes For Tired Parents Asia Yesterday The World's Smallest 4G Phone Will Fit In The Palm Of Your Hand Events & Webinars Join Fellow Change-Makers: Meet other like-minded members at our inspiration sessions every month. Europe Yesterday Clothing Brand Creates A Fine-Dining Menu Grown From Old Sportswear Fitness & Sport Yesterday Nike's LED Track Lets Runners Compete With Their Digital Selves Travel Yesterday AAA Has Unveiled Its Own Car Sharing Service No search results found. daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts pdf download Shared 10 20 posts pdf download PSFK 2017 Speaker Interview: Building The Netflix Of Home Fitness Advertising Statistics [News] Disney Reveals Digital Network Combining Maker Talent With Editorial Brands [News] Colleges are starting varsity programs for video games [Insight] How Sports Illustrated Made The First Live-Action VR Film On Everest [Insight] Senseless Government Rules Could Cripple the Robo-Car Revolution [News] Twitter Teams Up With Bloomberg for Streaming News [News] Nike Names Design Contest Winner To Reinvent Sneakers For All Abilities [Stat] Most teens have taken social media break [News] ‘Napercise’ Is The New Workout Of Your Dreams [Insight] The next evolution in office working could be employees getting implanted with a microchip [News] SiriusXM acquires connected car company Automatic for over $100M [Stat] Asian families spend 15% of their family income on extra education and tutoring for kids—Americans spend 2% [News] Chinese ride-hailing giant Didi Chuxing raises $5.5 billion to build a ‘sustainable global mobility ecosystem’ [News] Apple is in talks to launch its own Venmo [Insight] China’s online retail growth reflects changing consumption [Stat] Chick-fil-A is cooler than Vice among teens, according to a new Google report titled ‘It’s Lit’ [News] Adidas’ latest 3D-printed shoe puts mass production within sight [Insight] Audiobook readers obsessed with multitasking are driving America’s biggest new reading trend [Insight] Despite expectations of personalization, most shoppers don’t want to share data [News] The classic Tamagotchi toy is back [Insight] Online Retailers’ New Warehouses Are Heating Up Local Job Markets [Opinion] Kik CEO says payment is the killer feature bots are waiting for [Inspiration] Beer Bottles Crushed Into A Sand Substitute [Insight] The state of data strategy in fashion and retail [News] Cooking with Google Home just got easier [Insight] Why many shoppers go to stores before buying online [Insight] The inventor of Siri says one day AI will be used to upload and access our memories [News] Apple retail chief Angela Ahrendts wants Generation Z to hang out at Apple stores [Insight] In the $75 Billion Videogame Industry, Hiring People Is a Last Resort [Insight] How digital technologies are reshaping the world of work [Insight] How VR Will Be the Next Frontier for Designers in 2017 Sign Up Newsletter Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Custom Research Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions + get the new report Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Deal: Alcatel Onetouch Allura can be yours for $49.88 at Walmart (was $119) Deals Newsby Mitja Rutnik20 hours ago 1 137 3 We have come across a great deal for those of you looking for a smartphone with a big screen and an affordable price tag, possibly as a backup if the Nokia 3310 hasn’t got you all nostalgic. Walmart is selling the Alcatel Onetouch Allura (on AT&T GoPhone) for just $49.88. You’ll save exactly $69.12 if you decide to get it, as the device normally retails for $119. Although its specs won’t knock your socks off, it’s still a solid smartphone. It sports a 5.5-inch HD display and is powered by the Snapdragon 212 chipset. It has 2 GB of RAM and only 16 GB of storage, which you can luckily expand for an additional 32 GB. See also: The new Alcatel Flash phone has two front and two rear cameras April 4, 2017 The device features an 8 MP primary camera with LED flash and a front-facing selfie snapper that has a 2 MP sensor. It runs Android 5.1 Lollipop, while a 2,500 mAh battery keeps the lights on. Alcatel’s affordable smartphone has a silver back and a black front and comes with a one-year warranty. You can also opt for the additional two-year protection plan Walmart is offering that will set you back $9. To sweeten the deal, the retailer will deliver the device to your doorstep for free, which will save you a few extra bucks. There’s no word on how long this deal will last for, so it’s probably best to place your order sooner rather than later. Visit Walmart’s website via the button below to do so. Get the Alcatel Onetouch Allura Deals News Walmart, Alcatel Onetouch Allura Alcatel Onetouch Allura, Walmart  Walmart Mitja Rutnik Show 1 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel International Giveaway! 5 days ago45 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWfor home delivery Home News Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Local Sports Entertainment Food Opinion Be Social Obits USA TODAY NETWORK Things to do Photo-Video Homes Jobs Business Directory Marketplace Archive Moonlighting USA TODAY Subscribe More Home News Weather Local Sports Entertainment Food Opinion Be Social Obits USA TODAY NETWORK Things to do Photo-Video Homes Jobs Business Directory Marketplace Archive Moonlighting USA TODAY Subscribe Search Social Follow firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Manage your Newsletters Chat Support Chat Support Log Out The mysterious, unsolved death of Jody Rilee-Wilson On May 8, 2009, the body of Roxbury native Jody Rilee-Wilson was found by a paraglider flying over an eastern Oklahoma mountain. Eight years later, the mystery remains: How did Jody die? Abbott Koloff , NorthJersey Prelude The mystery begins in 2009 Share This Story 71 Tweet Share Share Pin Email Comment On May 8, 2009, a paraglider soaring over Poteau Mountain in eastern Oklahoma made a gruesome discovery. He spotted a body near the top of the mountain in the woods about 35 feet off a dirt logging road. Two days later, authorities confirmed the identity of the body — Jody Rilee-Wilson. The 23-year-old native of Roxbury Township in North Jersey had moved to Oklahoma a little more than a year before, seeking a fresh start outside of Morris County. In the spring of 2009, Jody was newly married and the doting mother of a little girl named Annabelle, living in the tiny town of Wister, Okla., population 1,100. Those closest to her said she was a proud mom, filled with a renewed sense of purpose and excited about starting a new job selling Avon cosmetics. Today, back in Roxbury, her parents, Jim and Stacey Rilee, remain in limbo. The past eight years have been marked by heartache and frustration as Oklahoma authorities – who said Jody was dragged into the woods after she died – have fruitlessly chased clues and been unable to solve the case. The trail has grown cold. “Without finalization,” Jim Rilee, a Roxbury councilman, said, “it makes it difficult to move on.” Just three days before her body was found, on the last day she was seen alive, Jody was planning to attend a family funeral in New Mexico  with her husband, their 3-month-old daughter and her in-laws. Inexplicably, Jody did not make the trip. Her body was found by the paraglider on the same day her family attended the funeral more than 550 miles away. Eight years later, the mystery remains: How did Jody die? CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Jim and Stacey Rilee talk about their daughter Jody Rilee-Wilson, whose body was found on a mountaintop in Oklahoma in 2009. Michael Karas/NorthJersey   Getting a fresh start In 2009, she had a new husband, a new baby and a life in Oklahoma Jody Rilee’s friends were stunned when she told them she was getting married and having a baby — just months after moving from Roxbury to Oklahoma to live with a great aunt nine years ago. The body of Jody Rilee Wilson, the daughter of Roxbury Jim Rilee and his wife Stacey, was found on the top of an Oklahoma mountain in 2009. (Photo: Courtesy of the Rilee family) But that was Jody, they said, making up her mind about something and plunging headlong into life. Outgoing and quick with conversation, she made friends easily, though she was occasionally bored by eastern Oklahoma’s slow pace. She told friends and family that she missed some things she had taken for granted in New Jersey: good pizza, Taylor ham, stores that stayed open later than 8 p.m. – and not having to pump your own gas. But she resisted the temptation to return. After all, she left the Garden State because her life wasn’t moving forward as she had hoped. The 2003 Roxbury High School graduate considered becoming a nurse and then took interior design classes at the County College of Morris. But she wound up doing clerical work for a furniture store. She told her family and friends that she wanted more. Hoping for a fresh start, she moved west in 2008, but a similar pattern emerged. Jody, with her large brown eyes and warm smile, landed a job working as a cashier in a Walmart pharmacy in the small city of Poteau (pronounced po-tow) near the Arkansas border. She told friends she was determined to be independent. The body of Jody Rilee-Wilson, a 2003 Roxbury HS grad, was found on an Oklahoma mountain. (Photo: File photo) But she seemed stuck in the same rut. Then, in early 2008, she met Donald Lee Bocephus “Bo” Wilson and everything changed. Her friends were uncertain how or where Jody met Bo, a mechanic for a natural gas company. They might have been introduced by a mutual friend, not an unusual occurrence in the region, which is made up of several towns so small that it seems everyone knows each other. What was certain was how quickly their relationship grew serious. A new family On Mother's Day, Jody called her parents to tell them that she was having a baby and that Bo had proposed. Such a move wasn't necessarily out of character for Jody, said Lisa Anderson, Jody’s childhood friend from Roxbury who now lives in Florida. Jody had “an amazing energy and thirst for life,” Anderson said, recalling a vacation to Mexico the two shared after high school. “Jody would be the first one to be dancing on the table,” Anderson said. “She wasn’t afraid of anything. I wanted to be like her.” Still, Anderson was concerned when Jody said she was getting married after knowing Bo for just a short time. But Jody assured Anderson that she had no reservations. “When she had her mind made up, she would stick to her guns,” Anderson said. Jody Rilee-Wilson graduated in 2003 from Roxbury High School, where she played the flute in the marching band. (Photo: Courtesy of the Rilee family) Jody’s closest friend in Oklahoma also said she seemed certain about the marriage. Even so, Jody didn't talk a great deal about her attraction to Bo, said Holly Logston, who had been a student of Jody’s great aunt, an art teacher at Poteau High School. “She saw something in him,” Logston said, adding that Jody visited her at work to show off her engagement ring. “She was so excited, and so happy,” Logston said. “She was getting married; she was having a baby – life was great.” Jody and Bo were married in September 2008, with the reception held at a hotel in Fort Smith, Ark., the closest city. Their daughter, Annabelle, was born a few months later in January 2009. Within a year of moving to Oklahoma, Jody, who longed to be a mother and always prized traditional values, had a family of her own. The importance of family was something she learned in her hometown of Roxbury, which has a population of more than 20,000 and is a bustling suburban township in Morris County, crisscrossed by highways and dotted with shopping plazas. Her life in Wister, where she lived in a trailer with Bo and Annabelle, couldn't be more different. “Being wrapped up in his family is what made her feel like an outsider. I know she felt like that at times.”Lisa Anderson, Jody Rilee-Wilson's childhood friend Some 20 times smaller than Roxbury, there was little to do in Wister, a town of 1,100. So Jody's life revolved around her baby. “She was head over heels in love with her little girl,” Anderson said. “Everything was about Annabelle.” Under the surface, though, beyond the flush of excitement that comes with the first year of marriage and the joy of a new child, there were signs of tension. Jody had told Logston that she had unspecified “issues” with her in-laws, who also lived in Wister, but did not share more detail. But, Logston said of the couple: “They were happy. And that’s what matters.” Anderson — who was Jody’s maid of honor at her wedding — said her friend did not feel accepted by some members of her new family. “Being wrapped up in his family is what made her feel like an outsider,” Anderson said. “I know she felt like that at times.” Thoughts of returning to New Jersey Even before Annabelle was born, Jody had told Anderson that she had been thinking about returning home to Roxbury where her parents still live. That feeling continued after the birth, Anderson said. Although she appeared to be happy in Oklahoma in many ways, Jody told Anderson that she argued with her husband and had “differing opinions” with her in-laws about raising the baby. “It never got to the point of her bags being packed,” said Anderson, who declined to discuss the reason for the arguments and said Jody didn’t specify her differences with Bo’s parents. But, Anderson said, the idea of coming home to Roxbury with Annabelle was a “recurring theme.” Jim and Stacey Rilee of Roxbury. (Photo: northjersey.com File photo) Still, Jody was determined to make this new life a success. In the days before she disappeared, Jody seemed to have found a new focus, landing a job selling cosmetics for Avon and telling friends how excited she was to get started. She even planned to take Annabelle on sales calls. During a lunch meeting near her home with a company district manager to brainstorm sales ideas, Jody mentioned that she would be away for a few days attending a funeral. That night, Jody sent the manager an email, saying that she had purchased neon paper for an Avon party and was bubbling with ideas after participating in a conference call on sales techniques. “I am SO GLAD I listened to it, it gave me even MORE ideas than you gave me today!!” she wrote. She added that “*my brain is on overload lol*” and that she was eager to follow suggestions made in the conference call, like asking clients for referrals. “I am going to try that tomorrow,” she promised. The email was sent at 9:17 p.m. on Tuesday, May 5, 2009. It was the last time anyone heard from Jody Rilee-Wilson. It was last night she was seen alive.   Email deepens the mystery The email raised questions about Jody's disappearance Jody Rilee-Wilson was as happy as she had been in some time — and that came through when she told friends and family about her new job at Avon. She spoke to her parents about pushing her 3-month-old daughter, Annabelle, in a carriage from house to house while on sales calls. She wrote to the Avon district manager to say she was “VERY excited” about working with her.  Then, in a casual reminder that seemed insignificant at the time, she wrote to her boss that she was planning to be “out of town Thursday through Saturday.” She had lost her cellphone but added that she could be reached on her husband’s phone. “Talk to you soon!!!” she concluded. That was Tuesday, May 5, 2009, the same day that a missing person report indicates that Jody’s husband — who was accompanied by his parents, baby Annabelle and a pet possum — left without her to attend a funeral more than 550 miles away in New Mexico. Jody Rilee-Wilson, on her wedding day in 2008. (Photo: File photo) Jody was never again seen alive. Eight years later, it is still not clear whether her family left earlier than planned, or whether Jody was mistaken about when they were going to leave. Perhaps most of all, it’s unknown — almost unfathomable, her friends said — why Jody would have stayed at home in Wister, Okla., but allowed her newborn baby to make the trip. “She would never have let Annabelle go away from her for that long,” said Lisa Anderson, Jody’s childhood friend from Roxbury, a Morris County township where Jody grew up. Holly Logston, Jody’s friend from Oklahoma, said that she never remembers seeing Jody without Annabelle. Mother and daughter were inseparable. “I don’t think she would ever have parted with her baby,” Logston said. Jody’s husband, Bo Wilson, told people that Jody changed her mind about going to the funeral. But the reason, to this day, remains unknown. Reached by phone recently, Wilson did not respond to a request to be interviewed about Jody. The line went dead, and he did not reply to a subsequent voicemail message. His phone was later disconnected. His parents did not respond to messages requesting interviews. His father, Jerry Don Wilson Sr., said in a 2009 telephone interview that the family left for the funeral in the evening on that Tuesday, May 5. However, he declined to answer additional questions or offer more details. A funeral in New Mexico The funeral had been for one of Bo’s maternal uncles, S.D. Mayfield. The Mass was held three days later, on Friday morning, May 8, at St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church in Clayton, N.M. And the burial was 40 minutes away in Wheeless, Okla. St. Francis Xavier Church in Clayton, N.M., the site of a 2009 funeral Mass for Bo Wilson's uncle. (Photo: St. Francis Xavier Church) Mayfield's widow, Earlene, who has since died, said in a 2009 interview that the Wilsons met her at an Amarillo, Texas, funeral home days earlier. She said that Bo later was “beating himself up” for leaving Jody in Wister. “I do know Bo worshiped that girl,” she said. After returning home from the funeral early on Saturday, Bo Wilson filed a missing person report with the police in Wister, indicating on a form that Jody was last seen on Tuesday, May 5. Frank Pittman, a retired Roswell, N.M., police officer who is Bo’s maternal uncle, said in a recent interview that he and other family members gathered early for the funeral in Clayton. He did not question why Jody was not with the Wilsons. He did note that his sister Kathy, Bo’s mother, traveled to New Mexico with a pet sugar glider, a type of possum, which she kept in a cage. Jody had told her parents, Jim and Stacey Rilee, that she was going to attend the funeral. But Stacey Rilee was unsure of when Jody was leaving for the funeral. The last time she spoke to her daughter, on Tuesday evening at about 9 p.m., Jody told her mother that she had lost her phone. After Jody didn’t respond to an email, Stacey called Bo Wilson on Thursday and was told her daughter had stayed home. Bo Wilson had a friend check the house on Friday, the Rilees have said. But Jody wasn’t home and her SUV wasn’t there. The Rilees said Bo told them she might be visiting a friend. It wasn’t until Saturday that the Rilees knew something was terribly wrong. The Wilsons returned home from the funeral to Wister, and Jody was still missing. The family dogs, including Jody’s Boston terrier, named Buttons, were without food. And two rain-soaked packages were sitting on steps outside Bo and Jody’s home. One of them contained a locket the Rilees had sent to their daughter — a gift for her first Mother’s Day.   Frantic search ends in heartbreak Friends, family search for Jody Rilee-Wilson, not knowing her body had been found As her family and friends frantically searched for her, Jody Rilee-Wilson's body had already been found — but not yet identified — on Poteau Mountain in Oklahoma, a little more than 10 miles from where she lived in the small town of Wister. “It would have been Jody's first Mother's Day" as a mother. "She and her mom were so close. She would never let the day go by without calling her mother. When the day dragged on, that's when I knew she wasn't here.”Lisa Anderson, Jody Rilee-Wilson's childhood friend Lisa Anderson, her closest friend from their Morris County hometown of Roxbury, said she had been sure Jody would show up by Mother's Day, May 10, 2009. Her heart sank when there was no word of her return. "It would have been Jody's first Mother's Day" as a mother, Anderson said. "She and her mom were so close. She would never let the day go by without calling her mother. When the day dragged on, that's when I knew she wasn't here." Jody's father, Jim Rilee, a Roxbury councilman who was the township's deputy mayor at the time, flew to Oklahoma on Mother's Day and went straight to the Wister police station. He said he was speaking with a police officer when an Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation agent approached him. Jody's body, he was told, had just been identified. She had been found two days earlier, on the same day her husband, baby and in-laws attended a funeral in New Mexico. "I punched a filing cabinet," Rilee said. Jim and Stacey Rilee of Roxbury discuss their heartbreak over the death of their daughter, Jody Rilee-Wilson, whose body was found on the top of an Oklahoma mountain in 2009. The case remains unsolved. (Photo: Viorel Florescu/NorthJersey.com) He implored the agent to find whoever was responsible for his daughter's death. Then he made what he described as the most difficult phone call of his life: telling his wife that their only daughter was dead. On the other end of the line, his wife, Stacey, broke down in tears, unable to speak. One of Jody's friends from Oklahoma, Holly Logston, said she had been helping in the search by making calls to friends in an attempt to find Jody. She was driving in the small city of Poteau (pronounced po-tow), near the Arkansas border, when she received a phone call. Though her memories of that time are fuzzy, she said that she is "almost sure" the person on the other end was Kathy Wilson, Jody's mother-in-law, who told her that Jody had been found. Logston asked where, and said she was stunned by the response, words that still ring in her ears: "Honey, she's dead." Jim and Stacey Rilee at their Morris County home on April 29. Photos on the wall are of their daughter, Jody Rilee-Wilson, whose body was found in Oklahoma in 2009. (Photo: Michael Karas/Northjersey.com) "I couldn't believe it," Logston said. "This just doesn't happen here." Jerry Don Wilson Jr. said he drove from Missouri to Oklahoma to comfort his half-brother, Bo Wilson, Jody's husband, after her death. He said Bo kept staring at a picture of her from their wedding. "He would look at that and bawl like a baby," said Wilson Jr., who now lives in Wyoming. "He didn't say anything. I honestly thought he loved her and missed her. … I guess they seemed happy." When he visited the couple in early 2009, he said, Jody raced from the house to show him their baby. He said that he loved Jody and thought she was a "sweet girl." He described Bo as a "real nice guy, quiet and mellow." But he did say that it was "kind of weird" when his brother told him Jody changed her mind about going to the funeral in New Mexico. He was never given a reason. Jody's car recovered 100 miles away More than a month after Jody died, her Chevy S-10 Blazer was found more than 100 miles from where her body was found, in the parking lot of the Pig Out Palace, a 24-hour buffet restaurant in Henryetta, Okla. The Pig Out Palace in Henryetta, Okla., where Jody Rilee-Wilson's vehicle was eventually found. The buffet-style restaurant closed several years ago. (Photo: Courtesy of Joe Dunnington) The owner of the restaurant, which has since closed, said in a 2009 interview that the car had been there for weeks, at least, and was unlocked with the keys in the ignition when he had it towed away. He said it wasn't unusual for people to leave cars in the lot because of its location — just off Exit 237 on westbound Interstate 40, a heavily traveled route that crosses Oklahoma and the Texas panhandle on the way to New Mexico. Police took possession of Jody's car on June 12, 2009, but have not provided information about whether they were able to obtain any clues. There were cameras inside the restaurant, but the owner said they hadn't worked for years. There were no video surveillance cameras in the restaurant parking lot. Investigation into Jody's death stalls Slow pace of investigation leaves Rilees in limbo Three months after their daughter’s death, Jim and Stacey Rilee took a bumpy ride up an Oklahoma mountain logging road with authorities to see where her body had been found.  The rock and dirt path was even more difficult to traverse during the week that Jody Rilee-Wilson disappeared, they were told, because it had been partially washed out by rain. They stopped near the top of Poteau Mountain, with an elevation of more than 2,600 feet. Jody’s father, Jim Rilee, followed agents through the woods to a spot that he said was so far out of the way that not even hunters would stumble upon it. Roxbury Councilman Jim Rilee and his wife, Stacey, talk about their daughter, Jody Rilee-Wilson, whose body was found on the top of an Oklahoma mountain in 2009. (Photo: Viorel Florescu/NorthJersey.com) Rilee said it was a matter of luck that a paraglider spotted Jody’s body from the air and reported it to authorities. “There was zero doubt she was put there with the hope that she would never be found,” said Rilee, a Roxbury councilman. “We didn’t know what happened, but at least we had her body, so we didn’t have to wonder whether she was alive or dead.” The Rilees anticipated that an arrest would be made in the case, perhaps within days or weeks. They have declined to discuss what they believe happened to their daughter. But as the years passed, they have been left in limbo, no closer now than they were eight years ago to knowing how their daughter died. Rilee said his daughter was “murdered.” However, authorities have not labeled her death a homicide because her body was badly decomposed, masking possible injuries. Dental records and tattoos — a butterfly and a four-leaf clover — were used to identify her. Instead, authorities called it a “suspicious” death after determining from scratches that her body had been dragged into the woods after she died. A toxicology report showed no evidence of drug abuse. “Without finalization,” Jim Rilee said, “it makes it difficult to move on.” Stacey Rilee said that she and her husband “really never got to properly say goodbye to our daughter." "We could not really grieve because there was so much to look into,” she said. Stacey, as she looked at family photos, noted Jody's smile and the resemblance to Annabelle, Jody's child, who was only 3 months old when her mother died. Annabelle, now 8 years old, is the daughter of Jody Rilee-Wilson, whose body was found on the top of an Oklahoma mountain in 2009. (Photo: Viorel Florescu/NorthJersey.com) “She was our child,” Stacey said of Jody. “The way she was left …” Her voice trailed off as her husband finished the sentence: “... was not suitable for anybody.” Oklahoma authorities said that by late 2009 they had exhausted all clues, and had just one agent assigned to the case while juggling other duties. Jessica Brown, a spokeswoman for the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation, said then that additional agents would be assigned if the agency received “an influx of leads.” In an email this January, Brown said “agents are busy working the case” but declined to comment on whether there were new leads or to provide details about the status of the case. REWARD: Rilees offering $30,000 for leads in daughter's death One of Jody’s friends from Oklahoma, Holly Logston, said the case is never mentioned anymore by local media. Jody’s friends put up posters seeking information in the weeks after her body was found and identified, she said, but now she wonders whether there ever will be an arrest. In the home of (not pictured) Jim and Stacey Rilee, a picture of their daughter Jody Rilee-Wilson hangs on the wall on Friday, April 29, 2017. Jody Rilee-Wilson moved to Oklahoma to find a new life. She got married and had a baby. Her body was found on a mountaintop in Oklahoma in 2009. (Photo: Michael Karas/Northjersey.com) “It’s not something I like to think about,” Logston said, questioning whether law enforcement has done enough to solve the case. “Sadness has turned to anger,” she said. Not long ago, she said, she saw the Rilees with Jody’s daughter, Annabelle, at a store in Fort Smith, Ark., the largest city in the area. “I think she looks just like her mother,” Logston said. “Jody would be proud.” Now remarried and a preacher, Jody’s husband, Bo Wilson, attends the Family Praise and Worship Center, a Pentecostal church in Heavener, Okla., with his family, according to the church’s pastor, Don Benefield. The pastor said Bo had been helping take care of his father, Jerry Wilson Sr. Bo Wilson and his parents did not respond to interview requests for this article. Cecil Woolery, 82, who said he has been friendly with the Wilson family for more than 20 years, said Bo Wilson is a skilled carpenter and mechanic and has rebuilt motorcycles. Bo’s father rarely leaves home anymore because of an unspecified medical condition, Woolery said. He has been spending most of his time watching “Lone Ranger” videos and Western movies starring Tom Mix and John Wayne. Roxbury native Jody Rilee-Wilson was dragged into the woods in Oklahoma after she died, an autopsy report found. (Photo: File photo) Oklahoma court records show that Bo’s father was charged with aggravated assault in 2013, when police said he threatened to cut a man’s “guts out” and swung a 6-inch knife at him inside a restaurant. The man pushed Wilson Sr. backward with a chair to protect himself but stopped when he noticed Annabelle, then 5 years old, “standing at Jerry’s hip,” police said in an arrest warrant. Other patrons subdued Wilson Sr. He received a suspended sentence, records show, after a child endangerment charge was dropped. Bo’s half-brother, Jerry Don Wilson Jr., said he was aware of that incident. Their father loves Annabelle, he added, as do all of her grandparents. His father, he said, did not seem to trust the Rilees and referred to them as “those damn Yankees.” He hopes Jody’s death is solved. “Her family needs to know what happened,” Wilson Jr. said. “Annabelle needs to know.” Jody’s friends and family have an enduring faith that there will be an arrest someday. But a childhood friend, Lisa Anderson, who has visited Oklahoma with Jody’s parents, noted that people there seem to have forgotten her. It was “almost like she was never there.” Epilogue Rilees see Jody in her daughter, Annabelle Eight years after their daughter’s death, Jim and Stacey Rilee see Jody’s smile in their 8-year-old granddaughter, Annabelle, as they play together with Barbie dolls during weekly computer video chats. They hear their daughter’s laughter when they take Annabelle to a mall near her Oklahoma home to sit on Santa’s lap, keeping alive a family tradition. Stacey Rilee at her home on Friday, April 29, 2017. Her daughter Jody Rilee-Wilson moved to Oklahoma to find a new life. She got married and had a baby. Her body was found on a mountaintop in Oklahoma in 2009. Pictures of Jody hang on the wall. (Photo: Michael Karas/Northjersey.com) But for two years after Jody’s death, they had limited contact with their granddaughter — greatly compounding their feelings of loss and grief. That changed when they went to court and an Oklahoma judge granted them unsupervised visits in a ruling issued on Nov. 29, 2011. The Rilees declined to discuss that case in a recent interview, but said in prior interviews that they went almost a year without seeing their granddaughter before the judge’s order. Now, the Rilees travel for regular visits to Fort Smith Ark., not far from where Annabelle lives. They taught her to swim and to do cannonball dives in their hotel pool. They told her about her mother’s love of music and that she played the flute. They said they feel a strong connection to Jody when they spend time with Annabelle, who greatly resembles her mother and has some of her personality traits. "She doesn't like to lose at games," Stacey Rilee said. Jim and Stacey Rilee of Roxbury have decorated their late daughter's old room in pink, anticipating that her daughter, 8-year-old Annabelle, will come for a visit. (Photo: Michael Karas/Northjersey.com) "We have reminders every day of who she was," Jim Rilee said of Jody. Annabelle has yet to stay with the Rilees at their Roxbury home. In anticipation that she will visit, they have decorated Jody’s old room with pink pillows and curtains, a Hello Kitty comforter, photos of Jody, and their daughter’s Barbie dollhouse, which had been stored in the attic. Stacey Rilee said she often talks to Jody in her head, seeking guidance and assurance that she and her husband are doing what Jody would have wanted for her daughter and their granddaughter. Annabelle knows her mother died years ago. She has not asked for details but sometimes wants to know something about her mom. Stacey told her that she reminds her of Jody, who is watching over her. “I basically tell her that her mom is looking down on her from heaven,” she said.   Share This Story 71 Tweet Share Share Pin Email Comment © 2017 northjersey.com, All rights reserved. Share Enjoy a limted number of articles over the next 30 days Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about The mysterious, unsolved death of Jody Rilee-Wilson On May 8, 2009, the body of Roxbury native Jody Rilee-Wilson was found by a paraglider flying over an eastern Oklahoma mountain. Eight years later, the mystery remains: How did Jody die? The mysterious, unsolved death of Jody Rilee-Wilson On May 8, 2009, the body of Roxbury native Jody Rilee-Wilson was found by a paraglider flying over an eastern Oklahoma mountain. Eight years later, the mystery remains: How did Jody die?  Check out this story on northjersey.com: http://www.northjersey.com/story/news/watchdog/2017/05/10/unsolved-death-jody-rilee-wilson-oklahoma-roxbury/315895001/ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 11 May 2017 | MYT 4:16 PM Amazon undercuts Wal-Mart with US$25 free shipping threshold Amazon will make non-Prime shoppers wait five to eight business days for free shipping on more than 50 million items. — Reuters Amazon.com Inc lowered its free shipping threshold to US$25 (RM108) from US$35 (RM152), undercutting Wal-Mart Stores Inc by US$10 (RM44) and escalating a battle between the world’s e-commerce leader and the world’s biggest retailer.  The new minimum shows Amazon competing for shoppers who don’t pay US$99 (RM430)-a-year for Amazon Prime, which includes free two-day shipping on millions of items as well as access to music and video. These customers are the Seattle-based company’s most loyal shoppers.  Amazon will make non-Prime shoppers wait five to eight business days for free shipping on more than 50 million items.  Wal-Mart in January made a big push against Amazon Prime when the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retail giant offered free two-day shipping without a membership fee on orders of at least US$35 (RM152) while expanding its online marketplace inventory to include millions of items. The company last year acquired startup Jet.com for US$3.3bil (RM14.32bil) in cash and stock and put its management team in charge of the online operation to strengthen its e-commerce business against Amazon. A company representative declined to comment on Amazon’s price move.  “The challenge Wal-Mart has thrown down is, 'give me free two-day shipping without a membership fee,’ which is hard for Amazon to match without refunding everyone’s US$99 Prime membership,” said Sucharita Mulpuru, an e-commerce consultant. “This is the best Amazon can do without cannibalising Prime, which is so important to its business.” — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested Tesla to gather and share drivers' video data German cyber agency chides Yahoo for not helping hacking probe Amazon leads surging connected speakers market: survey US teen breaks Internet record, spurred by love of nuggets Russia restores access to Chinese social media app WeChat Seven reasons to get an iPhone now Others Also Read Food to satisfy all tastebuds India mulls law to penalise food wastage Chiefs sign Canada forward Ardron on two-year deal advertisement Latest News Dodging illicit cash, Pakistan startups hunt for angel funds Commentator who amplified Macron hacks given White House press access US judge calls for criminal probe into trade secrets theft raised in Uber case US intelligence chiefs say reviewing use of Kaspersky software Trump signs order aimed at upgrading government cyber defences Most Viewed in Tech US intelligence chiefs say reviewing use of Kaspersky software Pay for Lazada purchases at 7-Eleven Nissan is offering a free drone with its latest car Why you might see fewer stories about new iPhone apps, or new apps Robo-taxi rise won’t slow global auto demand, Renault says Commentator who amplified Macron hacks given White House press access US judge calls for criminal probe into trade secrets theft raised in Uber case Dodging illicit cash, Pakistan startups hunt for angel funds Trump signs order aimed at upgrading government cyber defences German cyber agency chides Yahoo for not helping hacking probe Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation youtube linkedin facebook twitter rss Pro Dealer Chain Store Age ﻿ Latest News Hardware Stores Lumberyards Farm & Ranch Distributors/Co-Ops Insights opener Research Special Reports Opinion Magazine opener Digital Edition Reprints/Reuse Subscribe Advertise ﻿ Video/Media Products Hardware All Stars Events Event Calendar ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Contact Ten nuggets of omnichannel knowhow from Will Aubuchon The fourth-generation hardware store owner took the stage in Las Vegas and encouraged retailers to take some scary risks. May 9, 2017 | By Steph Koyfman Aubuchon Hardware has stood the test of time. Las Vegas -- Will Aubuchon didn't hold back with the morbid metaphors during his stage session at the National Hardware Show. "Death and demise have always been part of the retail tradition," he said, before inviting viewers to a retrospective of the "retail cemetery" of extant brands and "intensive care unit" of the struggling stores on the brink of extinction. "The entire sky is not falling, but there are unidentified objects falling more and more from the sky, and they do have the ability to kill you," he said before outlining the multifaceted threat of Amazon. Did you know that 63% of American households are members of Amazon prime? Exactly. The fourth-generation owner of Aubuchon Hardware -- founded in 1908 and now a major proponent of futuristic retail via its Aubuchon Go initiative -- acknowledged that committing to omnichannel was a hard and scary thing to do. However, commitment is all or nothing, "and in a sick kind of way, it's kind of fun too." Here are 10 of his best tips for navigating the leap. 1. It's all about making things as seamless for the customer as possible. Amazon arguably leads the way with 1-click ordering, its subscribe & save feature, and Amazon Echo (for hands-free shopping). 2. If you don't have a buy online, pickup in store (BOPIS) program, you might not survive the contemporary retail revolution. For example Walmart has been rolling out pickup lockers, apps, store redesigns, a pickup discount, and new store formats to allow pickup in tandem with getting groceries and gas. Some more accessible goals for the independent retailer? Look to Aubuchon's example. Customers can order from any device, have Aubuchon assemble the order in minutes, and then notify them when it's ready. 3. To sweeten the deal for your loyalty program, consider including customer-specific discounts and saved payment methods. 4. Don't just think about the front-end experience: consider how it's going to work behind the scenes at your store. At Aubuchon, employees know there's a new digital order when there's an audible sound at the store. Plus, a ticket is printed, there's a visual indicator at the POS, and they're currently working on the ability to send a message to the earpiece. 5. The pickup experience at the store should not be an afterthought either. Make sure it's right up front, and make it a visually appealing part of your store. 6. Customer experience goals are crucial when rolling out an omnichannel initiative. For instance: make it easy to reorder items, or offer precise delivery estimates. 7. When it comes to software as a service, "there's no white knight," he said. Getting multiple services to work together is complicated and hard, so be wary of providers who overpromise on their flexibility, and consider investing in your IT staff instead. 8. There's no need to reinvent the wheel. Rather, force yourself to become a frequent omnichannel shopper at Home Depot. 9. Your ultimate goal is realtime inventory, so it never hurts to begin improving accuracy today. 10. If you choose to skip omnichannel for now, the one thing you absolutely should have? Mobile-friendly emails. Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Ace Hardware VP leaves for Broan-NuTone Lowe’s updates its military discount 84 Lumber builds in Boston Chinese company buys Arrow Behind the scenes of Tractor Supply's Q1 U.S. slaps tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber HBSDealer Stock Watch: Thursday slip When hail hits, LP has a warranty Marketing Magic: Glidden campaigns for truth Anatomy of a digital ad Poll Poll Warren Buffet just called health care costs the biggest challenge to American business. Agree? Yes, and it keeps getting worse. Yes, but I'm confident it will get better. Disagree. Taxes and red tape are bigger challenges. Special Reports The 2016 Top 300 Industry Scoreboard Sales for the year reached more than $249 billion combined among the Top 300 home improvement retailers. Spoiler: The Home Depot landed at No. 1. Again.    Click here to view the Scoreboard. The 2016 Top 200 Pro Dealer Scoreboard Combined sales at the nation’s Top 200 dealers continued to rise with residential construction and the recovering U.S. economy.    Click here to view the Scoreboard. Current Issue May 2017   Cover Story Meet the 2017 Stihl National Hardware All Stars. From all 50 states — and with 50 different service-oriented, growth minded business models — here are all 50 All Stars in the Class of 2017.   Also Inside  A National Hardware Show checklist Lumber dealers lift their voices in D.C. Leadership lessons from Joe Scarlett Click here to view the issue. Products Marketing Magic: Glidden campaigns for truth Glidden's new "Real Is How We Roll" campaign wants consumers to... Grip-Rite gun picks up the pace The new Grip-Rite Coil Roofing nailer steps up in performance, company says. A new test for ticks The Cutter Lyme Disease Tick Test is described as fast and 99.9% accurate. Featured Product Cobra Skinny Snake Latest News Hardware Stores Lumberyards Farm & Ranch Distributors/Co-Ops Insights Research Special Reports Opinion Magazine Digital Edition Reprints/Reuse Subscribe Advertise Video/Media Products Hardware All Stars Events Event Calendar Subscribe Advertise Contact Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedmanwebsites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE Hardware + Building Supply Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Hardware+Building Supply Dealer. All Rights Reserved.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / Crime / Township Police Identify Suspects in Wal-Mart Retail Thefts Township Police Identify Suspects in Wal-Mart Retail Thefts Posted on Thursday, May 11, 2017 by Gant Team in Crime, Local News, Top Stories (Provided photo) CLEARFIELD – Lawrence Township police have identified the suspects who were allegedly involved in a pair of retail thefts at the Wal-Mart Supercenter in Clearfield. The first incident occurred at approximately 7 a.m. April 18 and involved a male. The second incident occurred at approximately 3:30 a.m. April 24; it involved the same male as well as a female. Police were able to identify the suspects after receiving numerous calls from members of the public Tuesday and Wednesday. According to police, the male was taken into custody Tuesday by DuBois-based state police. State police received an anonymous tip about him having several outstanding warrants.  Police say state police found the male in possession of drugs and or other drug paraphernalia, and he will face charges. He was transported to and housed at the Clearfield County Jail. The female was interviewed by township police Wednesday. Police found she was only accountable for approximately $20 or less of the stolen Wal-Mart merchandise. However, during her interview, police determined other thefts had allegedly occurred at the Wal-Mart stores in DuBois and Punxsutawney and Rural King in Clearfield. Police say it was determined that additional items were stolen from the Wal-Mart store in Clearfield during the pair of incidents. Police will continue their investigation in conjunction with other law enforcement agencies as well as Wal-Mart and Rural King. GANT Candidate Questionnaire: Ashley Fyock Hansel, MDJ 46-3-04 Franson Receives Paul Harris Fellows Award Tagged Lawrence Township Police retail theft Related Posts LT Firefighters Appeal to Supers for New Fire Engine PHOTO: Centers for Active Living Gather Food Houtzdale Bridge to Open Next Week Convenience Store Owner Accused of Selling Synthetic Drugs Gets Accepted into ARD Program Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Subscribe | Marketing Packages | Forums | Cookie Law | Our sites ThePigSite ThePoultrySite TheFishSite TheCattleSite TheDairySite TheBeefSite TheMeatSite TheCropSite TheSheepSite ThePetSite.co.uk ElSitioAvicola ElSitioPorcino ThePigSite.cn ThePoultrySite.cn TheFishSite.cn AgriTimes.ru 5M Farm Supplies 5M Books Follow @thefishsite News & Analysis Features Markets & Reports Knowledge Centre Business Directory Events Our Shop Forums News ASC eyes North American opportunities11 May 2017 In a bid to gain more traction in North America, the Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC) has appointed Peter Redmond as its first Vice President of Market Development on the continent. Peter is a seafood industry veteran who has built a strong network of seafood buyers and suppliers over the course of a distinguished career in sustainability and procurement, including 17 years at Wal-Mart, the largest retailer in the world, where he was responsible for implementing their seafood sustainability commitments. He will lead commercial engagements and outreach for the programme in the United States and Canada. “We are excited to welcome Peter to our growing Americas team in this new position as Vice President of Market Development,” said Chris Ninnes, CEO of ASC. “He will lead our retail and supply chain focused work, linking certified supply to a growing demand for ASC products in the market. With his appointment to the America’s team Peter joins a growing number of ASC staff in the region including Contessa Kellogg-Winters who heads up ASC's global communications team, Colin Brannen, Standards Technical Coordinator, whose main focus is on the development of new standards, and Laurent Viguie, who leads our commercial work in Brazil.” The Americas region is not only the base of expanding farming operations for salmon, shrimp, tilapia, bivalves and many other finfish, it also contains both the United States—the single most important market outside of China for farmed fish—and Brazil, which is one of the fastest growing markets for farmed fish in the world. Esther Luiten, Commercial Director of the ASC said: "The time is right for us to provide more direct support for many of our certified farms that are supplying into these important markets and respond directly to the encouragement that many of them have given us to take this step. “With the expanded ASC staff in the Americas, we will be able to service companies already working with our programme even better and expand interest amongst others. This is key to delivering on our mission to bring meaningful positive change for both the environment and the people who depend on aquaculture for their livelihoods. Our unique performance-based standards, together with the transparency of our programme and the easy to recognize ASC-logo on consumer facing products, are fundamental to our effort to promote and reward those producers who operate responsibly.” “I am thrilled to be working back in the seafood sector with ASC,” said Peter. “As I anticipate engaging with the retail and food service sector, I am so excited at the opportunities that ASC can bring to the market place. I look forward to seeing a lot of old friends in the coming months, along with making a lot of new ones.” Marketing Fish, General, Sustainability Share This Related News Seabird safety prioritised by Australian fleet   08 May 2017 Glasgow gathering tackles cleanerfish conundrums   08 May 2017 Easter blamed for export dip   05 May 2017 Triple addition to sustainable seafood body   04 May 2017 Competition for fish oil heats up   04 May 2017 More News Tuna rules tightened by ISSF    11 May 2017 Report reignites sea lice debate    11 May 2017 NUTRIAD announces new marketing appointments    10 May 2017 Call for more wild lumpfish research    10 May 2017 Shetland still struggling with sea lice    10 May 2017 Record quarter for Marine Harvest Scotland    10 May 2017 Top tips for cleanerfish feeding    09 May 2017 Fishmeal replacement now commercially available    09 May 2017 Losses mount for GM salmon firm    09 May 2017 Hefty funding for novel marine fish research    09 May 2017 Our Sponsors Partners Seasonal Picks News Fish News News by Category Analysis Latest Headlines Latest Articles Reports CME Futures Market USDA Cash Grain Alan Brugler CME Archive Knowledge Cultured Aquatic Species Fish Disease Guide Links Marketing Marketing Packages Business Directory Submit Business Media Videos Newsletter Events Latest Events Submit Event About About 5m Publishing Our Editors © 2000 - 2014. 5m Publishing, Benchmark House, 8 Smithy Wood Drive, Sheffield, S35 1QN, England. 5m Enterprises Inc., Suite 4120, CBoT, 141 West Jackson Boulevard, Chicago, IL, 60604-2900, USA.- A Benchmark Holdings plc. Company No part of this site may be reproduced without permission. Co. Registration 3332321 VAT No. 100 1348 86 Terms and Conditions | Privacy | Disclaimer
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS News UK World Politics General Election 2017 Science Education Health Brexit Royals Investigations More Telegraph News Police officer stuns shoplifter with amazing act outside court  A police officer's kind act for Sheena Davenport has won internet hearts  Credit: Facebook / Sheena Davenport Mark Molloy 11 May 2017 • 9:45am A police officer’s generous act for a desperate woman who appeared in court for shoplifting groceries to feed her family has been praised online. Sheena Davenport, from Alabama, was stopped in court by officer Katrina from the Dothan Police Department as she collected her paperwork. “I had an officer stop and tell me to wait for her outside. I proceeded outside for her to tell me to follow her,” she recalled. Ms Davenport later revealed in a Facebook post she had been forced to shoplift groceries from a Walmart store last year so she could feed her family. “I went to court for shoplifting food from Walmart almost a year ago,” she explained. “[We] were struggling like no other and didn't know what to do.” After her appearance in court, the kind-hearted officer brought her to a supermarket.   “She told me to ‘grab a buggy and let’s go shopping’,” Ms Davenport said. “Officer Katrina spent $139 on food for [my family].” The mother added: “After I told her she didn't have to do it, she started telling me her struggle and how she made it through. “There are still people out there who make a difference and when my time comes I will pay it forward.” The Dothan Police Department posted: “Wow! Way to go Katrina! You're the best!” Teenager's kind act for scared elderly woman wins internet hearts Share this article Follow Telegraph News Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph News Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Related Topics Trending USA Show more Galleries Gallery 12 May 2017, 7:24am Gallery: From Churchill to Corbyn: the most brutal British political insults Gallery 12 May 2017, 7:02am Gallery: Pictures of the Day: 12 May 2017 Gallery 12 May 2017, 6:00am Gallery: La Biennale di Venezia 57th International Art Exhibition, in pictures News latest Gallery 12 May 2017, 7:41am Gallery: Eurovision Song Contest 2017: a guide to all 42 entries - and who's made it through to the grand final 12 May 2017, 7:40am General Election 2017 briefing: Everything you need to know about Friday's campaigning Gallery 12 May 2017, 7:02am Gallery: Pictures of the Day: 12 May 2017 12 May 2017, 6:57am Labour MPs reject Jeremy Corbyn's manifesto as Theresa May warns the party has 'abandoned' working class 12 May 2017, 6:57am Revealed: Jeremy Corbyn's 'unprecedented' £30billion black hole in his socialist spending plans 12 May 2017, 6:43am BBC apologises after Facebook post compared missing woman to newsreader 12 May 2017, 6:42am Jared Kushner's sister to skip China investor meetings this weekend after visa row 30:50 12 May 2017, 6:38am 'Jean-Claude Juncker is trying to get me the sack' - Chopper's Election Podcast Episode 9 12 May 2017, 6:01am Waiting lists set to soar amid six-fold rise in GP vacancies  Gallery 12 May 2017, 6:00am Gallery: La Biennale di Venezia 57th International Art Exhibition, in pictures 12 May 2017, 5:56am Massive creature washes up on Indonesian island - but what is it? 12 May 2017, 5:37am Jamie Oliver in war of words with Australian politician over obesity crisis 12 May 2017, 5:16am China and US reach agreement on beef, poultry and natural gas 12 May 2017, 4:47am Kellyanne Conway accuses Anderson Cooper of sexism after eye-roll 12 May 2017, 4:10am Samurai swords and axes among thousands of weapons seized from schools 12 May 2017, 2:59am New Zealand's ambitious plan to save birds: Kill every rat 01:02 12 May 2017, 2:53am Donald Trump slams Comey as a 'showboat' and was thinking of 'this Russian thing' when he fired him 12 May 2017, 2:48am Mormon church severs some of its ties to the Boy Scouts 12 May 2017, 12:11am Never mind 'coalition of chaos' - Corbyn can create plenty of mayhem by himself 12 May 2017, 12:07am 'Digital. What's digital?': Donald Trump tells Navy to use 'goddamned steam' for catapult 12 May 2017, 12:01am Children seeking counselling over job fears because of social media Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, May 12, 2017, 2:01 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Entertainment / Restaurant Transitions: Midtown Billiards, Three Sams BBQ reopening; new Freddy’s location By Eric E. Harrison This article was published May 11, 2017 at 1:54 a.m. The first of three Freddy’s Frozen Custard and Steakburgers outlets in central Arkansas is close to opening in North Little Rock; ground has been broken on a west Little Rock location and there’s one in the works for Benton. Comment (1) aAFont Size Andre Poirot (left, judging the 2016 Diamond Chef competition with Paul Bash) has left the Crowne Plaza Hotel in west Little Rock. Midtown Billiards owner Maggie Hinson tells Arkansas Online she plans to reopen the bar, billiards and burger joint, 1316 Main St., Little Rock, by the beginning of June. Three-fourths of the restoration work on the establishment, gutted by a Sept. 19 fire, was complete as of May 4, reports Arkansas Online's Brandon Riddle. Hinson says the bar area is in progress, the ceiling is in place and bathrooms have been installed; kitchen equipment installation should be finished by the end of this week. Hinson says patrons should expect the same raffish atmosphere the place achieved over more than 40 years in its current location; part of the bar setup involves removing some of its newness and "aging" it to something closer to its antique character. And speaking of post-fire recoveries, we're no closer to getting an actual target date for the re-opening of Three Sams BBQ and Catering, 10508 Mann Road, Mabelvale, which has been rebuilding after a March 2016 fire, but this May 5 Facebook post indicates that it's perhaps not so far off: "We are getting closer every day to reopening!! Thank you all again, for your CONSTANT support and encouragement. Believe me, NO ONE will be happier to reopen than the Three Sams family." Co-owner Annette Jones has in the interim been selling barbecue sandwiches, barbecue-stuffed potatoes and desserts out of the Three Sams' catering truck in the parking lot, 10:30 a.m.-2:30 p.m. Wednesday-Friday. The listed number is (501) 407-0345. Chef Andre Poirot tells us he is no longer at the Crowne Plaza Hotel, 201 S. Shackleford Road in west Little Rock. We have no other details. Poirot had been the award-winning executive chef at the former Peabody Hotel before it became the Little Rock Marriott, and before that was executive chef for Begue's Restaurant at the Royal Sonesta Hotel in New Orleans. A native of the Alsatian ski resort community of Cornimont in France, he earned his toque at the same culinary school as Denis Seyer, formerly of Gypsy's Grill, Alouette's and Jacques and Suzanne's. The North Little Rock location of Freddy's Frozen Custard and Steakburgers, 4305 E. McCain Blvd., North Little Rock, the first Arkansas outlet of a Wichita, Kan.-based chain with two more central Arkansas locations in the works, has a target opening toward the end of May. A company spokesman says they're "currently working through final building touches and inspections, so we should know an opening date within [this] week." Hours will be 10:30 a.m.-10 p.m. Sunday-Thursday, 10:30 a.m.-11 p.m. Friday-Saturday. No phone number yet. Meanwhile, Paul Hoover, the central Arkansas franchisee, also broke ground last week for a west Little Rock location, the southwest corner of Chenal Parkway and South Bowman Road, in front of Wal-Mart, with a late summer target to open. The 2,800 square-foot, free-standing restaurant will seat 100 inside and more on the patio, and will have drive-through service as well. And, Hoover reports, "We are currently working through the permitting process and hope to announce the start of construction in Benton sometime this summer." That'll be among the burgeoning number of restaurants at the Shoppes of Benton, the mixed-use development fronting Interstate 30. Freddy's menu features cooked-to-order "steakburgers," Vienna Beef Chicago-style hot dogs and shoestring fries and desserts prepared with premium frozen custard. June 15 is now the target date for the opening of the first Arkansas location of Gandolfo's New York Deli (headquartered, not in New York, but in Lawrenceville, Ga.) in the former Boneheads Grill space in the Promenade at Chenal, 17801 Chenal Parkway, Little Rock. Check out the menu, which features mostly sandwiches with Big Apple-related names, including Rockefeller Reuben, King of Queens, Carnegie Hall, Godzilla and I Love New York (the latter, corned beef, pastrami, Swiss cheese and spicy mustard or Russian dressing on rye), at the website, gandolfosdeli.com. Hours will be 7 a.m.-9 p.m. Monday-Thursday, 7 a.m.-10 p.m. Friday-Saturday, 7 a.m.-8 p.m. Sunday. And an update on the second location of Zin Wine Bar in the Market Place Shopping Center at 11121 N. Rodney Parham Road, Little Rock: Partners Troy Deal, Michael Puckett and Jeffrey Owens say they expect an early summer opening. It will be larger than the downtown space -- approximately 2,000 square feet, and "will feature clean, modern design with a large U-shaped bar that seats 12, and there will also be a lounge area. The new space will include a garage door that can be opened during patio season." And a larger kitchen, which will be serving "imported meat and cheese platters, spicy dips, panini sliders, stuffed peppers, olives, nuts and more." The new space will, as does the original at 300 River Market Ave., Little Rock, hold weekly wine tastings, special wine tasting events, music and Paint Night Little Rock. The downtown phone number is (501) 246-4876. St. Joseph Center, 6800 Camp Robinson Road, North Little Rock, will host "Lettuce Grow: A Celebration of Spring," 6-9 p.m. Friday, a benefit featuring hors d'oeuvres from Matt Bell of South on Main, libations, an art show, a silent auction, music, a book signing by Janet Carson and the grand opening of the St. Joseph Farm Stand. Tickets are $50 in advance, $65 at the door. Visit tinyurl.com/lettucegrow. Flying Saucer Draught Emporium is marking American Craft Beer Week (Monday-May 21) and its 19th anniversary in the River Market, 323 President Clinton Ave., Little Rock, with daily specials and events -- including $2.50 American drafts all day Monday, beer-company-sponsored happy hours Wednesday-May 19, and the May 20 19th anniversary party, with 19 rare beers available all day, cake and ice cream at 5 p.m. and music at 8. Call (501) 372-8032 or visit beerknurd.com/locations/little-rock-flying-saucer. ... Our mother wants nothing to do with Mother's Day, but if you're looking to honor your mom with a special meal on Sunday, here's the list of places that have turned in their plans and information on how to make reservations: • The Capital Hotel 111 W. Markham St., Little Rock, 11 a.m.-3 p.m., Mother's Day Brunch on the Mezzanine ($58, $25 children 6-11, free for kids 5 and younger) and a three-course, prix-fixe lunch menu in One Eleven ($68, $25 children 6-11, free for kids 5 and younger). 12:30-2:30 p.m. Saturday: Mother-Daughter Tea in One Eleven, with tea, finger sandwiches and pastries ($38, plus $10 per glass of champagne). (501) 370-7068; email judy.milks@capitalhotel.com. • Cache, President Clinton and River Market avenues, will offer its usual brunch menu, 10 a.m.-2 p.m., with specials at specified seating times; spaces, as of Tuesday's deadline, were still available at 10 a.m, 1 p.m. and thereafter. Complimentary valet parking is available. (501) 850-0265. • Heritage Grille Steak and Fin at the Little Rock Marriott, West Markham and Louisiana streets, Little Rock, is serving its usual $19 buffet brunch and from-the-menu dinner (11 a.m.-2 p.m. for brunch, with music and $5 "unlimited mimosas"; 5-10 p.m. dinner), with a special promotion: Make reservations by Saturday and actually show up for the meal and be eligible for prize packages for Ava Bella Day Spa. Free valet parking. (501) 399-8000. • The Crowne Plaza on South Shackleford Road, Little Rock, will offer a champagne brunch, seatings from 11 a.m.-1:30 p.m., in the hotel Atrium and Cafe 201, with cold-food, soup, carving, "action" (omelet, waffle and shrimp and grits), hot-food, breakfast, dessert and kids' stations. $34, $30 senior citizens (60 and older), $18 children 6-12, free for kids 5 and younger with a paying adult. (501) 223-3000. • Next-door Riverdale restaurants Loca Luna, 3519 Old Cantrell Road, and Red Door, 3701 Cantrell Road, are keeping special Mother's Day Weekend hours. At Loca Luna, 5:30-10 p.m. Friday-Saturday, 5:30-9 p.m. Sunday; brunch: 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Sunday; (501) 663-4666, LocaLuna.com. At Red Door, 5-10 p.m. Friday-Saturday, 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Saturday-Sunday brunch. (501) 666-8482; RedDoorRestaurant.net. • B-Side Bistro, in the Market Place Shopping Center, 11121 N. Rodney Parham Road, Little Rock, will be open regular Sunday hours, 8 a.m.-2 p.m., offering its usual brunch menu and some specials. (501) 716-2700. • Starting at 11 a.m., Mimi's, 11725 Chenal Parkway, Little Rock, will serve up a three-course, prix-fixe ($18.99) meal, with mimosa and wine specials plus complimentary seasonal bread (Raspberry Brown Butter) and a Mother's Day gift (a card with embedded wildflower seeds ready for home planting). With the purchase of a second entree and two beverages, mom gets a free entree on any Mimi's return visit between May 15-28 (that's Mother's Day in France). Breakfast starts as usual at 7 a.m. (501) 221-3883. Has a restaurant opened -- or closed -- near you in the last week or so? Does your favorite eatery have a new menu? Is there a new chef in charge? Drop us a line. Call (501) 399-3667 or (501) 378-3513, or send a note to Restaurants, Weekend Section, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, P.O. Box 2221, Little Rock, Ark. 72203. Send email to: eharrison@arkansasonline.com Weekend on 05/11/2017 Print Headline: Restaurant Transitions Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Weekend Calendar Fast Forward American Race covers current racial division ENTERTAINMENT NOTES Restaurant Transitions: Midtown Billiards, Th... Christ of the Ozarks statue is state's reason... Boshears, Moore to keep Cajun's Wharf, White ... Pop-punk band from Japan plays for sister-cit... How to make lemonade when being pounded by le... Comment on: Restaurant Transitions: Midtown Billiards, Three Sams BBQ reopening; new Freddy’s location To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 1 of 1 total comment KennethWilliams says... May 11, 2017 at 8:13 a.m. she was a waitress in a cocktail bar now she owns a BMW car... ＷＷＷ.­T­R­E­N­D­S­8­8­­.­COM ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump fires FBI chief Comey (32 comments) Mormon church pulls older teens out of Boy Scouts (11 comments) U.S. Sens. Cotton, Boozman want answers on firing of FBI chief; both defend decision (30 comments) Arkansas panel OKs Ten Commandments display at state Capitol (14 comments) State police: After standoff, 1 in custody; man suspected of killing deputy, 2 others (20 comments) Trump: Talk with Russian 'good' (10 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Ya Libnan Lebanon News and World News Live from Beirut Featured News Lebanon News World News Opinion Business News Arts & Culture Sci & Tech Video Apple’s cash pile of $250 billion fuels expectations April 30, 2017 by yalibnan 3 Comments In its quarterly results on Tuesday, Apple Inc. likely will report that its cash hoard has topped a quarter of a trillion dollars, an unrivaled milestone for a private corporation that raises a question: Why would any company want to hold that much money? Apple has added to its pile at a blistering pace, doubling it in just over four-and-a-half years. In the last three months of 2016 it wracked up new cash at a rate of about $3.6 million an hour. Its current total, not accounting for debt, exceeds the market values of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and that of Procter & Gamble Co., and outstrips the foreign-currency reserves of the U.K. and Canada combined. The stash has drawn fresh attention recently as President Donald Trump tries to revamp the U.S. tax regime. Apple, like many big companies, keeps most of its cash offshore — some 93% of its $246.09 billion total cash, cash equivalents, and securities as of December — to avoid U.S. corporate taxes that executives consider too high. The Trump administration this week proposed a one-time tax holiday to encourage companies to bring that cash home, and said it wants to slash the U.S. corporate-income-tax rate to 15% from 35% and largely exempt future foreign profits. That could make it easier for Apple to put its money to use, through acquisitions or by doling out more to shareholders. The latter prospect has propelled Apple’s stock to record highs. Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook early this year said he was eager to bring cash home if tax changes enable it, and Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said such a move would give Apple flexibility to do more capital returns. Neither has given detailed plans. One possible approach would be a special dividend. Apple could deliver such a windfall, benefitting investors including Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc., which more than doubled its Apple position in January. Wall Street analysts tend to focus more on companies’ net cash position than the headline number. Apple has racked up some $88 billion in debt to fund payouts to shareholders. But even subtracting that, Apple would be left with more cash than the total stockpile of Microsoft, the next richest tech company, which boasts $126 billion in cash, not accounting for debt. With the exception of financial companies, Apple’s stash exceeds that of any other U.S. company in recent history, said Jennifer Blouin, an accounting professor at University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School. “I have never seen a company in this kind of extreme position, barring a winding-down,” she said. “Apple’s a cash box right now.” Former executives say Apple’s thrift has deep roots, inspired in part by a brush with bankruptcy in the late 1990s. That forced Chief Executive Steve Jobs to arrange a cash infusion from Microsoft Corp. and set his resolve to keep reserves for future emergencies. Mr. Jobs also believed Apple could better boost its stock price by using its money to develop new products than through buybacks or dividends. His biggest product, the iPhone, has only supercharged the cash machine. Apple has sold more than 1 billion of the devices in the decade since it was introduced, and today claims 91% of all the profits in the smartphone sector. Mr. Cook has been somewhat more accommodating of shareholder desires than his predecessor. He started a dividend-and-stock-buyback program in 2012 that has since sent more than $200 billion to shareholders. And he has invested more in some areas, such as R&D. But the CEO also stared down Carl Icahn in 2013 and 2014 when the activist investor bought a stake in Apple and demanded it increase buybacks. And Apple remains frugal in other realms, such as marketing. It spent less than $1.8 billion on advertising last year — not even half the amounts laid out by smaller rivals Alphabet Inc. and Amazon.com Inc., according to company filings. Apple also avoids large acquisitions. It bought at a rate of 15 to 20 companies a year over the past four years, generally spending several hundred million dollars on companies it can easily assimilate. Its biggest deal was the $3 billion it spent to buy Beats Electronics LLC in 2014. The swelling war chest has fueled hopes for bigger deals to vault Apple in new directions such as self-driving cars and entertainment. At Apple’s 2015 shareholder meeting, one investor asked Mr. Cook about buying Tesla Inc., which today is valued around $51 billion. The CEO didn’t directly respond. Robert Nichols of Windward Capital Management Co., an Apple shareholder, says it should buy Netflix Inc., valued around $65 billion, to jumpstart its video-streaming business and bolster its position against Amazon. “You can either build [content and distribution] or you can buy it,” and buying would help Apple gain ground where it is behind, he said. With $250 billion, Apple could buy both Tesla and Netflix and still have plenty left over. It also might want to use some cash to pay down some of its debt or look to boost U.S. manufacturing after facing calls last year from then-President-elect Trump to build a plant in the U.S. Either way, there is a growing sense that Apple’s cash hoard has far outstripped its needs. “If this a rainy day fund, they’re saving for a millennial flood,” said Lee Pinkowitz, a Georgetown University professor of finance.   FOX Filed Under: Business News vs Facebook tries to fix violent video problem with 3,000 new workers http://www.reuters.com/article/us-facebook-crime-idUSKBN17Z1N4 elie meanwhile chinese are working under shitty conditions in apple factories. Apple won’t even give them a free iphone for all the hard work. vs Car owner creates incredible action-packed video of his Suzuki Vitara in Jurassic Park, zooming along with Mad Max and even launching into space https://www.thesun.co.uk/motors/3526831/is-this-the-best-video-currently-storming-the-internet-the-ad-every-car-manufacturer-needs/ Featured News U.S. envoy tells Israeli Officials:”Trump’s serious about peace, work with him “ France: Macron unveils eclectic parliamentary candidate list U.N. has ‘a million questions’ on Syria after Astana deal Cultural clashes strain alliance between Saudi rulers, clerics Lebanon News Lebanon invited to Saudi-US Summit in Riyadh Al-Jadeed TV vehicle torched. Berri’s Amal suspected of being behind the attack Hezbollah chief slams Israel’s border wall says it proves Lebanon’s victory and Israel’s defeat Lebanon, Cuba sign visa exemption agreement World News Comey sought to expand Trump-Russia probe to former campaign officials Another horror story: United passenger had no choice but to pee in a cup Trump: ‘One of the best chemistries I had was with’ Merkel UK snap election: What does it mean? Opinion Don’t be fooled: Assad is no friend of Syria’s Christian minorities Trump is getting closer to collusion with Russia — in Syria Macron’s victory means all hope is lost for better French-Russian relations Putin’s leaky strategy Business News The Kushner’s apologize for using the name of Trump’s in-law in promoting properties Kushners offering $500k real estate packages in China in exchange for investor visa Self-driving Teslas will go between LA and NYC by year end: Musk Trump is undermining his own treasury secretary: Summers Arts & Culture Hello Hijab: America’s favorite doll Barbie is getting another change of image Couples fighting over Trump. Many marriages of millennials ending in divorce 2018 election campaign: Russian women are urged to emblazon Putin on their chests The unique love story of French presidential front-runner and his wife Science & Technology ” Out of his mind !” surgeon plans human head transplant, revive frozen human brain A device that can read the mind and enable people to communicate is coming soon Late for work? What about calling a ‘flying taxi’. Dubai will have the service within months Judge Orders California To Release Papers Discussing Risk Of Cellphone Use Recent Comments Copyright © 2017 Ya Libnan
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Burglary suspect in trouble before, documents show May 10, 2017 • Local News The Westlake Ace Hardware store on North Ma[auth] in Street was one of the stores allegedly hit by the “clown burglar.” (Lisa Dunlap Photo) A man accused of being a “clown burglar” was on probation for a prior burglary charge at the time of his arrest, court documents show. Sebastian Colt Ross, 20, of Roswell, is alleged to have stolen pellet guns and some garden and yard items worth about $1,555 during six separate incidents in April. Roswell Police Department officers said that the alleged crimes occurred at a Roswell residence and at Westlake Ace Hardware, Wal-Mart and Home Depot. They also said that Ross was seen wearing a clown mask in some surveillance videos from Westlake Ace, with police identifying him by the pickup he was driving. Their statement indicates that they found a mask, burglary tools and stolen items in Ross’s home and pickup, and officers allege that Ross confessed to some thefts during an interview. At the time of his arrest May 5, Ross was only a few months into a three-year probation term. In February, he had entered guilty pleas to a burglary charge and related crimes said to have occurred in Lea County in 2014. According to court documents filed with the Fifth Judicial District of Lea County, Ross was charged with residential burglary for entering a Eunice home in August 2014 with the intent to steal. He also was charged with conspiracy to commit residential burglary, contributing to the delinquency of a minor and tampering with evidence for altering or hiding stolen jewelry. The conspiracy and delinquency charges arose because a male under the age of 18 allegedly participated in the burglary. Court documents show that, on Feb. 28, Ross entered guilty pleas to the charges and that Judge Gary Clingman gave him conditional discharge for each of the four counts and a total of three years of supervised probation. Ross also was ordered to pay restitution. According to the plea agreement, the Lea County charges could have carried as much as seven-and-a-half years in prison and $15,000 in fines. Ross has not entered any pleas in regard to the current case in Chaves County Magistrate Court. He remains at the Chaves County Detention Center and is scheduled for a hearing May 16. Emily Fry of the Fifth Judicial District Attorney’s Office in Roswell said she could not comment on the case. A request for comment from the Chaves County Public Defender assigned to the case was not responded to by press time. Senior Writer Lisa Dunlap can be reached at 575-622-7710, ext. 310, or at reporter02@rdrnews.com. Related Posts About the Author: Lisa Dunlap Lisa Dunlap is a general assignment reporter for the Roswell Daily Record. Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Body found at vacant home Claims rain down after hailstorm; Insurance agents scramble after avalanche of damage claims » Business Review Inspirations Unlimited Dining Guide El Toro Bravo Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years Pearce considering running for governor May 11, 2017 New Mexico Supreme Court won’t restore funds to Legislature May 11, 2017 Albuquerque police monitor lauds progress, but has concerns May 11, 2017 Energy chief tours Carlsbad’s underground nuclear repository May 11, 2017 2nd guilty plea in fatal shooting of Albuquerque teenager May 11, 2017 Univ of New Mexico reinstates men’s and women’s ski programs May 11, 2017 Snow, rain help dampen wildfire in Gila National Forest May 11, 2017 New Mexico governor says food tax under consideration May 10, 2017 Roswell police: Body found buried in property of vacant home May 10, 2017 GOP New Mexico Congressman mulls race for governor May 10, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive VVC unveils new Veterans Center Wednesday May 10, 2017 at 12:01 AM May 10, 2017 at 9:19 PM Charity Lindsey Staff Writer @DP_Charity VICTORVILLE — For Victor Valley College officials, the grand opening of the Veterans Resource Center on Wednesday was a reflection of their commitment to being a “veteran-friendly college.” “If we’re ever not, come to my office and let me know because I want to hear about it,” VVC Superintendent/President Dr. Roger Wagner said. The new center on the lower campus is significantly larger than its former location on the top floor of the Student Activities Center, and includes additional resources for veteran students, including academic counseling, a computer lab and a lounge area. Wednesday’s ceremony included presentations from local dignitaries and a ribbon cutting for the center, which was largely funded through the work of the VVC Foundation and grants provided by Bank of America and Wal-Mart. VVC Financial Aid Director Jason Judkins said he hoped the center would “feel like a second home” for veteran students, and serve as a place where they can relax, meet fellow peers and gain knowledge of additional services available to them in the community. For Jesus Caro, the incoming VVC Veterans Club President, the support from the college is what has kept him enrolled. “A year ago, I didn’t know what I was going to do … At first, I was scared,” Caro said. “The importance of having the Veterans Resource Center is that this is where we come together. We get to feel the camaraderie.” And as Wagner explained, “unless you’ve been in the military, you can’t understand that level of camaraderie.” “I owe everything to the military,” Wagner said. “We’re here to help pay it back.” Representing the High Desert Vet Center, Jamal Fletcher said that the addition of the center at VVC had personal meaning to him as a veteran and a student who uses the G.I. Bill. “It means a lot to see veterans come together and support each other,” Fletcher said. “This doesn’t just have to be our veterans alone … It’s a continuing effort between students, faculty, the community and their families.” The VRC is located in building 80 on VVC’s lower campus and is open to all veteran students and their dependents. Charity Lindsey may be contacted at clindsey@vvdailypress.com or 760-951-6245. Follow her on Twitter @DP_Charity. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Switch to the mobile version of this page. News + Opinion Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Register The Coast Halifax Newsletters Follow Us The Coast on Twitter The Coast on Facebook The Coast on Pinterest The Coast's RSS Feeds Mobile Home Event Listings News + Opinion Bitch Food + Drink Arts + Culture Music City Guides Dating Best Of Classifieds Browse Event Listings Concert Listings Live Music Tonight Movie Times Today Events Listings Museums, Galleries, Exhibits Theatre, Comedy, Stage Contests Browse Classifieds Browse All Categories Place an Ad Browse Bitch Love the Way We Bitch Love the Way We Love Submit a Bitch or Love Browse News + Opinion Reality Bites City Environment Transit Justice ShopTalk Voice Of The City City Council Report Card Free Will Astrology Savage Love Submit a Letter The Poll Letters To The Editor Browse Music Music Feature Festivals Music Reviews The Scene Big Ticket Concerts Live Music Listings Search Music Venues Browse Food + Drink Food & Drink Home Page Restaurant Reviews The Feed Search Restaurants Search Bars Beer Guide Cheap Eats Archives Browse Arts + Culture Art Attack Comedy Culture Dance Comics Film + TV Literary Theatre Visual Art Search Galleries & Museums Search Movie Times Visual Arts Listings Browse City Guides Back to School Beer Guide Hot Summer Guide Halifax Pride Fall Wine Home Style Spring Fashion Fall Arts Preview Search Shops Archives Browse Dating Halifax Match Halifax Kinky PSSTs Love and Sex Issue Savage Love Sex + Dating Survey 2016 Browse Home BARS RESTAURANTS CONCERT ANNOUNCEMENTS MOVIE TIMES WEDDINGS Cocktail Compass LIVE MUSIC SAVAGE LOVE CONTESTS TICKETHALIFAX CoastMart Reality Bites City Environment Transit Justice ShopTalk Voice Of The City City Council Report Card Free Will Astrology Savage Love Submit a Letter The Poll Letters To The Editor Tweet Pin It Favourite Saving… Print Email Share May 11, 2017 News + Opinion » City The shoe must go on  Jimmy Christeas is the cobbler of Quinpool Road, working seven days a week to keep Halifax on its feet, with no end in sight. By Erin Mcintosh click to enlarge Lenny Mullins Nestled between two restaurants, shoebox-sized Quinpool Shoe Repair looks today as it has for 59 years. Two windows take up the entire storefront, but you can't get a clear view of the inside. The glass is crowded with stickers: A black jaguar with red eyes and thick yellow letters spelling out the shop's name and number. Quinpool Road is home to fast-food joints, tattoo parlours, the Oxford theatre, flower shops, construction zones and cafes. Yet, the liveliest place on this main street may be a shoe repair shop. Dimitri Christeas—everyone calls him Jimmy—a 48-year-old Greek-Canadian, works seven days a week to keep his shop alive. It's one of the last independent shoe repair stores in Halifax. When you open the door to Quinpool Shoe Repair, you'll notice the smell. For nearly six decades, three intoxicating aromas have filled this room: shoe polish, leather and glue. These smells never go away; they long ago seeped into the walls. Christeas can't smell them anymore. The pungent fumes that can cause others headaches don't affect him. Paper coffee cups teeter on shelves in-between screwdrivers, hammers, scissors and leather scraps. Shoes are scattered on the floor. Men and women stand waiting for service, making small talk about the weather and about the store. Maybe it's the music—ballads from Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin—its close quarters or its old-world charm, but they all wait, unexpectedly patient. The front room is small, no bigger than an airport elevator. It's a room in which four people can stand comfortably, but seven or eight will squeeze in, elbow to elbow. Four chairs are lined up against the left wall. Two people are sitting there, but the other two chairs are filled with bundles of shoes, each pair wrapped in an elastic band, tagged and ready to be fixed. The other wall is lined floor-to-ceiling with five wooden shelves. Since 1958, these shelves have been stacked full with shoes and now each row sags slightly in the middle. Look closely and you will notice a thick layer of dust coating the windowsill, the cash register and the key rack. The place looks like it hasn't been cleaned in decades. click to enlarge Lenny Mullins Everyone waits for Christeas while he rummages around looking for a newly repaired shoe—it might take a few minutes. Then he will have to find another. And another. In the midst of all this dust, leather and chaos, there have been some close calls over the years, but the store's record remains perfect: No shoe has ever gone missing. For a Wednesday afternoon, the shop is unusually quiet. Susan Malay is the only customer. When she walks in, her eyes gloss over 300 pairs of shoes, more than she had expected. She had never been here before, but nor had the zipper ever broken on her $250 brown leather boots. Malay read some reviews of the shop online. Go to a review page and you might read: "They don't make places like these anymore." "So happy with the results and the fella who runs the place is a total delight." "He winterized a few pairs of my heels by adding rubber lifts and rubber to the soles and I no longer fall down when drinking!" Christeas takes her boots to the back. Most cobblers wear an apron while they work, but Christeas finds it confining, like an unnecessary seatbelt. And he doesn't need one: His clothes are immaculate. He wears the same black running shoes, a pair of slacks and a clean, soft pullover sweater nearly every day. For a man who works 80 hours a week grinding, cutting, sewing, hammering and polishing shoes, the only real evidence is in his hands. His nails are jagged, but he will use the sanding machine to make them smooth. Black shoe polish seeps into the cracks on his fingertips and stains his palms. This week, there's a gash on the knuckle of his left thumb, covered up in masking tape—he hates Band-Aids. Christeas fixes Malay's shoe zipper in less than 10 minutes. He has been fixing shoes since he was a teenager. "Take it and try it," he says, handing the boots back to her. "There's no charge." Christeas does his work with confidence. He gets excited watching customers react to the final product. Sometimes, he pictures himself as Superman. "We put the magic dust on it," he says. He watches her zip up the boots as he leans on the shelf, eating his lunch. Malay tries the boots on and walks a couple steps before running into a pile of shoes. The zipper stays shut. She is satisfied. As she opens the door, boots now in hand, she turns her head and calls back to Christeas, "thank you, I'll be back!" Malay is one of the hundreds of happy customers Christeas relies on for business. Some travel hours across the province and return year after year, all in the name of shoes. Christeas was born in Halifax, and lives with his parents a short drive from the shop. He was 12 when he fixed his first shoe, a woman's high heel. Growing up he spent lunch hours and late afternoons with his dad at Bayers Road Shoe Repair. It was not much bigger than the store Christeas owns now. Three years later, in grade nine, Christeas was pulled from school to work full-time. Instead of going to school during the day, he worked at the store; his dad needed the help. He would try to finish high school by taking night classes. As a teenager, Christeas was not passionate about being a cobbler—he liked airplanes. But he cared less for school and preferred working. In the 11th grade, Christeas dropped out. His dad supported this decision. Working with Dad was natural—making and mending shoes had been in the family for generations. Dad grew up in Sparta, Greece, where at 16 he started making shoes by hand in the family shoe shop. He came to Canada in 1960. He was 25. During WWII and the Greek Civil War, more than 100,000 Greeks came to Canada in search of peace, stability and employment. Of these, some 250 families came to call Halifax home. By 2011, Halifax had nearly 3,000 Greek immigrants. The majority of Greek immigrants could not speak English and did not have high school or university degrees. The newcomers set up their own businesses: Restaurants, shoe repairs stores, bakeries and tailor shops. These skills were oftentimes passed down through generations of Greek families. Like Christeas, who learned the craft of caring for shoes from his father, who learned the craft from his father in Greece. At age 82, Dad will still appear at Quinpool Shoe Repair to work, but only when he wants. Christeas took over the store over 10 years ago when his dad retired. Dad still calls it "his." The shoe repair business in 2017 is grim. People who have been in the trade for decades are retiring and it is nearly impossible to find replacements. There is only one school in Canada that teaches shoemaking. At last count, in 2011, there were 1,460 shoe repairers and shoemakers in all of Canada, down from 2,010 in 2006. Sixty years ago, 29 shoe repair stores were scattered around Halifax and Dartmouth. Now, with twice the population, only four indies remain. Christeas runs Quinpool Shoe Repair alone. He says he's lucky to have friends and family who help, but it's not enough to change the reality of his working life. The decline in shoe repair has been accompanied—or led by—a decline in the shoes themselves. In the past 20 years, Christeas remarks that shoes have changed. Now, they're made with cheaper materials, sometimes harder to fix. When he grew up, everything was made with quality leather. This is not a trend limited to footwear. The consumer world in clothes, appliances and electronics is geared towards disposal, not repair. Christeas is part of the solution—a huge part given the small number of cobblers in the city, and Quinpool Shoe Repair is busier than ever. But Christeas will never turn people away. In fact, he'll charm you enough to keep you coming back. Blissfully unaware of his natural charm, Christeas makes every woman feel like she is the prettiest in the room and men feel like they are brothers. When you first meet him, it might feel like you have known him for years. He stands close to look at your shoes, leans in to talk and when he smiles he looks you in the eye. If you get a hug from him—highly likely—his strong cologne will linger on you. Every day Christeas is interrupted at work by friends or family to talk politics, weather or personal affairs. He has regular visitors: Jalal Hosein, his doctor, comes every Saturday; his closest friend Paul Troup, also Greek, works down the road at the liquor store; Antonio Feijoo, a Metro Transit supervisor from Spain—all of whom stop by just to say hello. Christeas enjoys these visits. click to enlarge Lenny Mullins But one regular doesn't just come in to say hello. Paul Ransome has spent every afternoon at Quinpool Shoe Repair for eight years. It's past noon and the door opens. Ransome saunters in with a McDonald's coffee. He wears a black leather coat with a matching leather cap. Ransome is 69, deaf in one ear and blind in one eye. He takes his seat in an empty chair—there's always a chair for Ransome. "It's Pauly-wally," Christeas will call out jokingly. Ransome puts his coffee down on the little brown side table and picks up the paper. He brings it close to his face so his good eye can read the fine print. Ransome met the Christeas family 30 years ago when they owned Bayers Road Shoe Repair. He would occasionally visit the store with his mother. Since her passing, Ransome has found comfort and companionship at Quinpool Shoe Repair. Ransome says coming to the store is better than sitting around his house all day. Sometimes he'll doze off. In winter, he'll shovel the snow off the front steps or salt the sidewalk. At lunch, Christeas buys him chili and a roll. If he gets bored he might mosey to the back and watch Christeas work. If he mumbles about deals at Walmart or the most recent car accident in Halifax, Christeas will always listen. At the end of the day, Ransome is still in his chair. Without turning off the music, Christeas dims the lights and ushers Ransome to his car. Christeas will drive him home or to Walmart, without hesitation. Ransome is family. One evening after 7pm, Kosta Perry is in his bedroom at his mother's place. He's sitting in front of his desktop computer, working on homework. Perry, 24, is Christeas' only child. Perry wants to be an engineer, not a cobbler. His iPhone lights up on his desk, next to him. Dad is calling. He picks up the phone and they exchange pleasantries. "Hey, how are you?" his dad always asks. "Do you need anything? Are you well?" Perry asks his dad about buying a machine to filter the air inside the store—there isn't one. The fumes, Perry says, are the worst they've ever been. This is a typical conversation. Perry doesn't always see Christeas as a dad, but more of a brother. They talk about business, politics and personal matters with ease. Christeas and Perry's mother separated when Perry was six years old. He grew up with his mother. When Perry was 13, he spent seven weeks in Greece with his dad, the longest they'd ever been together. They have continued this tradition ever since, living in Greece, every summer. Quinpool Shoe Repair is closed during this time. They both say it's their favourite time of the year. Mirroring his father's childhood, Perry grew up in the shoe store. At the time, Christeas was the owner of West End Mall Shoe Repair, which he had for four years. While his father worked, Perry would play with leather and tools. Christeas tried to share the work with his son, but he quickly realized Perry had no intention of taking up the trade. Perry lost interest during high school, calling the job "outdated." Perry is enrolled at Dalhousie University where he studies engineering. He helps at Quinpool Shoe Repair two or three hours a week if his father needs extra hands, but his heart is set elsewhere. If school goes well, he wants to move to Toronto. Christeas is happy for his son, but wants him to stay in Halifax. Perry predicts he will not take over Quinpool Shoe Repair. In his softer moments, this realization makes him feel bad, but he is determined not to live his life in guilt. Back on the phone, Christeas and Perry talk for around 15 minutes about new machines. It ends and they say goodnight. They'll talk tomorrow. If you listened in, you would have a hard time deciphering who is who. Perry long ago picked up his father's manner of speech. Perry is concerned about the future of his father's business. He wonders who will do the work and how long his father will last. But this isn't something he and his dad talk about. It's 2:30 on a Saturday afternoon, the busiest day of the week. Martini in the Morning is playing, an online radio station serenading the store with a mixture of America's greatest hits: Billie Holiday, Barbra Streisand, Ella Fitzgerald. There are six customers in the shop. For lunch, there's pizza from King of Donair next door. The delivery person bustles through the store, beelining to the back. He hesitates with the pizza box, unsure where to put it. Everything is covered with shoes, tools and coffee cups. It feels like a circus. Christeas takes the pizza box. The delivery person turns around, wiggling through the customers. "See ya later guys, good luck!" He raises his hands, signaling a wave. Within seconds he's out the door. Christeas' younger sister Tia Caines is standing behind the glass counter. Caines is petite, with manicured eyebrows, clear olive skin and dark hair. She keeps her hands protected from the polish residue and dusty surfaces with clear plastic gloves. Caines spent her childhood in her father's shop too, but she went to university instead of taking over the business. Caines is a pharmacist and works at Quinpool Shoe Repair when she can. When a customer walks in, Caines doesn't spend time with small talk—she treats everyone as customers, not friends. Caines wishes the place were more organized and clean. She thinks Christeas works too much. She wants him to find someone to take over, but she knows this is unlikely. "Jim, I need your help," she'll call out, sometimes in Greek. If a customer asks for pricing she might not know the answer. And finding shoes in the organized chaos can be difficult, especially if Christeas hasn't had time to place them on the shelf. Christeas has a system, but he's the only one who knows where things are. Grabbing the shoes' identification tag from the customer, he'll read the numbers and spin around to face the shelves. His fingers wiggle in circles, hovering over the shoes as he thinks. His eyebrows furrow. His jaw sticks out. He jumps on the shelves reaching for shoes in the back. If he can't find what he's looking for, he'll ask the customer: black or brown? Boots or shoes? What did they need fixed? They'll respond and almost immediately a light bulb goes off. He'll present the restored shoes to the customer like they are a work of art. He's proud of his work. The customer is pleasantly surprised. Christeas says "they can't believe how good the shoes look after it's done." He says the shoes often look better than new. He opens the 59-year-old cash register, an original to the store. He takes cash or cheque—no debit. He calls out while the customer walks out, "If there are any problems, bring them back, we'll fix them—no charge." He likes to reassure the customers that no matter what, their shoes will be fixed. Christeas says that when people leave the store they "always leave with a smile." It's 6pm on the dot. Christeas walks over to the door and turns the lock—one of many satisfying parts of his day. He shuts off the lights in the front room and goes to his computer in the back. Its outer layer is coated in two years worth of dust. From YouTube, he turns on the theme song from Superman. Like a young boy, Christeas loves superheroes. More than anything he wants to fly, to save the damsel in distress—just like Superman. He gets back to work. For 30 minutes a playlist with songs from Batman, Spider-Man and Indiana Jones movies blasts through the speakers, drowning out the roar of the sanding machine. Christeas stays after hours at Quinpool Shoe Repair every night—he has to, he says, to keep on top of the workload. The store is closed Sundays, but he comes in and works during the afternoon to catch up. Christeas powers through the shoes lined up for him on the floor: Spray, shine, repeat. Christeas may not be Superman, but he loves to add this special touch, the final sprinkle of magic dust. a Erin McIntosh is a freelance journalist who hates the smell of shoe polish and leather. Tweet Pin It Favourite Saving… Print Email Share Tags: City Latest in City Q&A: Andrew Younger on the media and privacy May 11, 2017 Poverty sprawl May 11, 2017 SCIENCE MATTERS: Long work hours don’t work for people or the planet May 10, 2017 More » more articles in News + Opinion » Comments Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread Events Music Film Times Dining Locations -All Dates- Thursday, May 11 Friday, May 12 Saturday, May 13 Sunday, May 14 Monday, May 15 Tuesday, May 16 Wednesday, May 17 Thursday, May 18 Friday, May 19 Saturday, May 20 Sunday, May 21 Monday, May 22 Tuesday, May 23 Wednesday, May 24 Thursday, May 25 Friday, May 26 Saturday, May 27 Sunday, May 28 Monday, May 29 Tuesday, May 30 Wednesday, May 31 Thursday, June 1 Friday, June 2 Saturday, June 3 Sunday, June 4 Monday, June 5 Tuesday, June 6 Wednesday, June 7 Thursday, June 8 Friday, June 9 Saturday, June 10 -All Categories- CONTESTS - WIN TICKETS   Giveaways EVENTS   Activism   Atlantic Book Awards   Bedford Days   Bike Week   Dance   Family   Fashion   Film Screening   Food & Drink   Fundraiser   Green, Environmental   Health & Wellness   Lecture   Literary   Meeting   Naturopathic Medicine Week   Nova Scotia Craft Beer Week   Outdoors   Shopping   Special Event   Sports   Tall Ships   Trivia   Workshop FESTIVALS   Atlantic Film Festival   Fall Festivals   Fall Wine Festival   Halifax Independent Filmmakers Festival   Mayworks Festival   Nocturne   Outdoor Film Experience   OUTeast Film Festival   Photopolis   Pride Week   Prismatic Festival   Spring Festivals   Summer Festivals   Winter Festivals   Word on the Street HOLIDAY EVENTS   Canada Day Weekend   December Festivities   Halloween   Holiday Events   Valentine's Day ON STAGE   Atlantic Fringe Festival   Comedy Etc.   Dance   Halifax International Buskers Festival   Spoken Word   Stages Theatre Festival   Theatre VISUAL ARTS EXHIBITS   Galleries   Museums   Other Spaces -All Neighborhoods-   Barrington   Bayers Lake/Fairview/Clayton Park   Bedford/Lower Sackville/Tantallon   Dartmouth   Downtown   Eastern Passage   Eastern Shore   North End   Out of Town   Quinpool   South End   Spring Garden   Spryfield/Purcell's Cove   Waterfront   West End -All Dates- Thursday, May 11 Friday, May 12 Saturday, May 13 Sunday, May 14 Monday, May 15 Tuesday, May 16 Wednesday, May 17 Thursday, May 18 Friday, May 19 Saturday, May 20 Sunday, May 21 Monday, May 22 Tuesday, May 23 Wednesday, May 24 Thursday, May 25 Friday, May 26 Saturday, May 27 Sunday, May 28 Monday, May 29 Tuesday, May 30 Wednesday, May 31 Thursday, June 1 Friday, June 2 Saturday, June 3 Sunday, June 4 Monday, June 5 Tuesday, June 6 Wednesday, June 7 Thursday, June 8 Friday, June 9 Saturday, June 10 -All Categories- Big Ticket Shows DJ + Dancing Halifax Jazz Festival Halifax Pop Explosion Halifax Summer Opera Festival Halifax Urban Folk Festival Karaoke Live Music NSCC Novafest Obey Convention Open Mic Scotia Festival of Music -All Neighborhoods-   Barrington   Bayers Lake/Fairview/Clayton Park   Bedford/Lower Sackville/Tantallon   Dartmouth   Downtown   Eastern Passage   Eastern Shore   North End   Out of Town   Quinpool   South End   Spring Garden   Spryfield/Purcell's Cove   Waterfront   West End Select a movie Beauty and the Beast Beauty and the Beast in Disney Digital 3D Born in China The Boss Baby 3D The Boss Baby The Case for Christ The Circle The Fate of the Furious Get Out Gifted Going in Style Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 in Disney Digital 3D Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2: An IMAX 3D Experience Jeremiah Tower: The Last Magnificent King Arthur: Legend of the Sword 3D Kong: Skull Island The Lost City of Z Love Off the Cuff Maudie National Theatre Live: Obsession A Quiet Passion Smurfs: The Lost Village Smurfs: The Lost Village in 3D Snatched Their Finest Unforgettable or Select a location Cineplex Cinemas Bayers Lake & IMAX Cineplex Cinemas Dartmouth Crossing Cineplex Cinemas Lower Sackville Cineplex Cinemas Oxford Cineplex Cinemas Parklane -All Categories- African Brunch Burgers Cafes Cajun Caribbean Chinese Continental Desserts Diner Donair Fish & Chips Food Courts Food Truck French Greek Healthy Eating Ice Cream Indian Italian Japanese / Sushi Korean Latin American Lobster Mediterranean Mexican Middle Eastern Persian Pizza Pub Food Seafood Soup and Sandwich Steaks Street Vendors Tapas Thai Vegan Vegetarian Vietnamese -All Features- New on scene 2013 New on the scene 2014 New on the scene 2015 New on the scene 2016 New on the scene 2017 Fine Dining Take-out Delivery Late Night Food 24 Hours Water View Patio Wine List Wheelchair Accessible Historic Building New on scene 2011 New on scene 2012 -All Neighborhoods-   Barrington   Bayers Lake/Fairview/Clayton Park   Bedford/Lower Sackville/Tantallon   Dartmouth   Downtown   Eastern Passage   Eastern Shore   North End   Out of Town   Quinpool   South End   Spring Garden   Spryfield/Purcell's Cove   Waterfront   West End -All Categories- ARTS VENUES   Galleries   Live Music   Movie Theatres   Museums   Other Arts Spaces   Stage/Performance Theatres BODY CARE & SALONS   Cosmetics, Beauty Products   Hair Salons   Massage Therapists   Spas   Tattoos, Piercings Parlors BARS   Breweries   Cocktail Lounge   DJ/Dancefloor   Gay Bar   Hotel Bar   Karaoke   Live Music Venue   Neighbourhood Joint   Pool Tables   Pubs   R&B / Jazz   Speciality Beers   Sports Bar   Student Bar   Wine Bar COMMUNITY   Churches, Spiritual   Community Centres   Convention Centres   Government   Health Centre   Libraries   Media   Public Transport   Schools, Universities   Social Clubs FASHION   Athleticwear   Clothing: New   Clothing: Used, Vintage   Eyewear   Formalwear   Jewellery, Watches   Lingerie, Hoisery   Shoes, Bags, Hats   Swimwear   Tartan FOOD & DRINK   Bakery   Beer   Catering   Health Food, Supplements   Markets, Specialty Foods   Pastries, Candies & Chocolates   Supermarkets   Take-out   Wine, Wineries GREEN   Architects   Banks   Energy Efficiency & Supplies   Environmental/Ecological Groups   Gardening   Graphic Designers, Printers   Green Transport   Interior Decorators   Laundry, Diapers   Recycling, Cleaning   Woodworking, Carpentry HOMES   Antiques, Vintage   Appliances   Blinds, Drapery   Building Supplies   Carpentry and Woodworking   Ceramics and Tile   Cleaning, Organizing   Design and Architecture   Electrical stores   Fabrics, Upholstery   Finances   Fireplaces   Flooring   Furniture   Garden Shops, Nurseries   Hardware   Heating   Home Accessories   Home Staging   Kitchens and Bathrooms   Landscaping, lawn care   Lighting   Mattresses, beds and futons   Moving   Paint and painters   Prints, Posters and Wall Decor   Rugs, Carpeting   Spas, pools, saunas and outdoor living   Windows and doors HOTELS & TRAVEL   Hotels and Resorts   Tours   Travel Agencies RECREATION & OUTDOORS   Beaches, Lakes   Bike Shops   Boardshops, Surfing   Canoe, Kayak   Fitness Studios, Gyms   Golf Courses   Marinas, Boating Clubs   Parks & Landmarks   Sporting Goods Stores   Sports Centres   Trails   Yoga, Pilates SHOPPING   Auto, Motorcycle & Scooter   Bookstores & Newstands   Cameras   CDs, DVDs, Videos, Vinyl   Comics   Computers, Electronics   Department Stores   Florists   Gaming   Gifts, Arts & Crafts   Hobbies, Art Supplies   Kids   Malls   Mobile Phones   Musical Instruments   Online Boutiques, Designers and Suppliers   Pets   Pharmacies   Sex Toys, Adult   Smoke Shops   Stationery   Tent & Party Rentals -All Neighborhoods-   Barrington   Bayers Lake/Fairview/Clayton Park   Bedford/Lower Sackville/Tantallon   Dartmouth   Downtown   Eastern Passage   Eastern Shore   North End   Out of Town   Quinpool   South End   Spring Garden   Spryfield/Purcell's Cove   Waterfront   West End Coast Top Ten Most Read Most Shared Most Discussed The shoe must go on   (City) Q&A: Andrew Younger on the media and privacy   (City) Poverty sprawl   (City) I am a pedestrian, and I am an idiot   (Voice of the City) SCIENCE MATTERS: Long work hours don’t work for people or the planet   (City) We will have another Westray   (Opinionated) How do I talk to my neighbour about their election sign?   (Opinionated) King's College stands alone in rejecting tuition reset   (Reality Bites) Casually scared   (Savage Love) Waye Mason reclaims seat for Halifax South Downtown   (Reality Bites) Canada Post wants to eliminate my job as a letter carrier. Here’s why you should care   (Voice of the City) Doolittle, Darwin and the Deeply Dumb   (Education) The haircut: my story of living with depression   (Voice of the City) Before the murder and after, the life of Tyler Richards   (City) One daughter's fight to come out as trans—with support from her dad along the way   (Voice of the City) Speaking the same language   (City) How this city works   (Reality Bites) Poorer for the loss   (Editorial) Halifax’s XANADU   (Editorial) Police need to earn the trust of black communities   (Justice) Canada Post wants to eliminate my job as a letter carrier. Here’s why you should care   (Voice of the City) Halifax council OKs convention centre deal   (Reality Bites) Bad bus drivers   (Transit) The Convention Centre Tower Play   (City) Joachim Stroink's Zwarte Piet problem   (Reality Bites) Is medical marijuana going to pot?   (Health) Call me Ms.   (Voice of the City) Halifax police will keep using street checks   (City) The six Facebook posts that Dal suspended 13 students for   (Reality Bites) Welcome to Halifax's new condo market   (City) Opinionated OPINIONATED » We will have another Westray posted by CHRIS PARSONS, May 11/17 comments      2 OPINIONATED » How do I talk to my neighbour about their election sign? posted by CHERYL HANN, May 11/17 comments      1 OPINIONATED » Taxes are just another “culture shock” to living in Canada posted by RAJA SALIM, Apr 27/17 comments      4 OPINIONATED » What's the right way to make fun of my friends? posted by CHERYL HANN, Apr 20/17 comments      3 More » Reality Bites REALITY BITES » Jane's Walk Halifax goes the extra mile this weekend posted by ALEX MYRICK, May 5/17 Citizen-led walking tours return to bring the city's history, architecture and urban planning down to street-level. comments      2 REALITY BITES » Water crisis an election issue in Halifax Atlantic posted by ALEX MYRICK, May 5/17 Liberal incumbent faces criticism from challengers over long-festering environmental problem in Harrietsfield. comments      0 REALITY BITES » Uniacke Square security cameras slammed as invasion of privacy posted by JACOB BOON, May 4/17 Residents and community advocates strongly opposed to housing authority’s plans for new surveillance system. comments      5 REALITY BITES » Andrew Younger resigns over allNovaScotia article posted by JACOB BOON, May 3/17 Dartmouth East MLA says his family has been subjected to “unsettling and offensive” privacy breaches. comments      0 REALITY BITES » Kyley Harris back on Liberals’ campaign team posted by JACOB BOON, May 3/17 Party not commenting about communications director, who was fired three years ago after domestic assault. comments      3 REALITY BITES » Historical designation sought for Great Beech Hill posted by MIRA CHIASSON, May 1/17 Lower Sackville resident wants area preserved from company’s development. comments      0 REALITY BITES » Women’s rights not a side issue in provincial election posted by ALEXANDRA BINIARZ, May 1/17 In a follow-up to the Women’s March on Washington, next week’s Nova Scotia Women Vote rally aims to empower voters and hold politicians to task. comments      2 REALITY BITES » Spoiler alert! Provincial election called for May 30 posted by JACOB BOON, Apr 30/17 Biggest surprise of the year announced on Sunday as premier Stephen McNeil drops writ. comments      3 REALITY BITES » Damage control budget has something for everyone posted by CAORA MCKENNA AND GENEVIEVE NICKEL, Apr 28/17 Provincial budget unveiled as Liberals ready for election trail. comments      0 REALITY BITES » Halifax advised province against outpatient clinic's Bayers Lake location posted by JACOB BOON, Apr 27/17 Feedback provided several weeks ago said the area has multiple planning challenges that “would be difficult to overcome.” comments      6 More » Shoptalk SHOPTALK » Abode Boutique is closing posted by ALLISON SAUNDERS, May 11/17 Say goodbye with an Open City mega sale comments      0 SHOPTALK » Preamable Footwear walks on posted by ALLISON SAUNDERS, May 11/17 The downtown shoe store closes May 27 comments      0 SHOPTALK » How Sweet it is posted by REBECCA DINGWELL, May 4/17 Sweet Pea Boutique has been making Haligonians look cute for 10 years. comments      0 SHOPTALK » Two local chefs face off at BattleApps posted by MEGAN FRASER, Apr 24/17 Travelling cooking competition takes on Tempo tonight. comments      0 SHOPTALK » Adept Tattoos does tats for bats posted by ALLISON SAUNDERS, Apr 20/17 For bats, not on comments      0 SHOPTALK » Shop this: Analog Watch Co. posted by ALLISON SAUNDERS, Apr 20/17 It's Sattva's time to shine comments      0 SHOPTALK » Guided Tour - Downtown Dartmouth posted by JARED HOCHMAN, Apr 20/17 comments      0 SHOPTALK » Bowtique's got a new 'do posted by ALLISON SAUNDERS, Apr 20/17 comments      0 More » Digital Edition In Print This Week Vol 24, No 50 May 11, 2017 Cover Gallery » Browse Issue by Date May 11, 2017 May 4, 2017 April 27, 2017 April 20, 2017 April 13, 2017 April 6, 2017 March 30, 2017 March 23, 2017 March 16, 2017 March 9, 2017 More... Guides Home Style Interior design and home accessories in Halifax. Well Being The Coast's Well Being Guide Halifax Weddings The couple's guide to everything. Beer Guide Fashion Designers, stores and fashion, all locally-sourced. Student Survival The official handbook to student life in Halifax. Restaurants & Bars Search 100s of Halifax restaurants, bars and cafes Features Features from The Coast Love & Sex Halifax's sex secrets revealed Beer All the beer, all over town Home | Dating | Bitch | News | Music | Movies | Dining | Arts | Opinion | Best Of | FAQ | Halifax Free Classifieds | Jobs | Housing | For Sale | Classes | Bulletin Board | Health, Beauty | Services | Real Estate | Wanted About Us | Our Staff | Contact Us | Advertise | Work With Us | Send us a Tip | Privacy Policy | Comments Policy | RSS Feeds | Archives © 2017 Coast Publishing Ltd.
This site is part of the Global Exhibitions Division of Informa PLC Informa PLC About us Investor relations Talent This site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 3099067. Informa Resource Center Article Archives Ashwagandha Advantage Blogs Buyer’s Guide Classic Digital Magazines Editor's Choice Awards Galleries Infographics Ingredient Buying Center Jobs Podcasts Reports Webinars Whitepapers Video Digital Summits Documentaries INSIDER TV Categories Animal Nutrition Contract Manufacturing Digestive Health Essential Fatty Acids (EFAs) Eye Health Joint Health Minerals Plant-Based Ingredients Snack Foods Sports Nutrition Tableting Weight Management Women's Health More Topics Events Ingredient Marketplace SupplySide West Vitafoods Asia Vitafoods Europe Buyer's Guide Ingredients Health Conditions Contract Manufacturing Packaging CPG Awards Big Retailers Remain on Sidelines With CBD ‘Hemp Extracts’ Blog by Josh Long - May 9, 2017 Editor’s note: This is the third in a series of articles examining regulatory hurdles facing CBD producers and marketers in the dietary supplement industry, and ongoing efforts to comply with federal regulations. Go here to read the second article. In late 2015, Carolina Hemp Co. began promoting “hemp extracts" and subsequently formed relationships with local pharmacies and doctor’s offices. Then in early spring 2017, the North Carolina Board of Pharmacy circulated a guidance document that disrupted the distributor’s business. Pharmacies, the state pharmacy board cautioned, cannot legally possess or dispense hemp extract. Only “caregivers" may possess hemp extract or cannabidiol (CBD) oil to treat intractable epilepsy under state law, the guidance declared, and pharmacies and pharmacists don’t meet the definition of a caregiver. The pharmacies aren’t willing to “risk their license over it, so bam, we just lost a bunch of customers," divulged Brian Bullman, co-founder of Carolina Hemp Co., in a recent phone interview. “By April 1, the pharmacies had pulled the product and started asking us if they could get a refund." The North Carolina Board of Pharmacy advised pharmacists that hemp extract—also known as CBD oil—would meet the definition of marijuana in the federal Controlled Substances Act (CSA). “Marijuana remains a Schedule I controlled substance under the federal CSA," the guidance stated, “and only DEA [Drug Enforcement Administration]-approved researchers are allowed to possess Schedule I controlled substances." Asheville, North Carolina-based Carolina Hemp Co. is among a growing number of businesses that stand to profit from the surging demand for CBD and other non-psychoactive substances derived from hemp. With the U.S. population increasingly accepting of cannabis, and becoming better educated on the distinctions between hemp and marijuana, “hemp extracts" and similarly named products often labeled as supplements are being offered through a growing number of distribution channels from independent health food stores to chiropractors’ offices. The CBD-containing products, however, are unlikely to be sold at large grocery stores and other major retailers, symbolizing a muddy regulatory and legal climate rife with uncertainty. “For every five steps forward, we take three steps back," acknowledged Mark Kuspa, vice president of sales with Colorado-based CW Hemp, commenting on efforts to partner with large retailers. “There is still that stigma or that misunderstanding of federal versus state in regulatory compliance, and more than anything…what does it mean, particularly if they have a pharmacy on board?" CBD—and a group of siblings that founded CW Hemp, the Stanley brothers—captured the nation’s attention in 2013 media coverage featuring a Colorado girl who was diagnosed with Dravet syndrome, a rare form of epilepsy. In recent years, lawmakers in Washington and at state capitols around the nation have promoted wider access to cannabis—including CBD. But the federal government has a far different view on cannabis and even CBD. In warning letters, a Q&A and correspondence with industry and media, FDA has opined CBD cannot be sold in dietary supplements or added to food. The agency has reasoned CBD has been authorized for investigation as a new drug and is the subject of substantial clinical trials that have been conducted by GW Pharmaceuticals. The North Carolina Board of Pharmacy mentioned GW’s CBD product, Epidiolex. The board’s recent letter advised pharmacies that they would be authorized to dispense a CBD drug with a valid prescription if GW Pharmaceuticals or any other pharmaceutical company receives FDA approval for such a drug. “They literally gave GW Pharmaceuticals a commercial in this statement," Bullman said. Kuspa indicated the big retailers are stepping back from sales of CBD-containing hemp extracts until the regulatory environment is more clear. What is the retailers’ largest concern, DEA or FDA? “It’s more DEA," Kuspa said, referring to the agency’s position that CBD is a Schedule I controlled substance. “It is 100 percent the DEA that has put the fear in these accounts, that they don’t know which way they want to go." Some lawyers have argued the federal agencies are mistaken and even sued DEA in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit on behalf of the Hemp Industries Association (HIA) and other plaintiffs. In spite of the regulatory uncertainty and pending litigation, a growing number of independent stores are carrying products containing CBD made by the likes of CW Hemp and San Diego-based CV Sciences. CV Sciences’ products are sold in about 1,000 independent health and wellness stores, up from about 400 stores a year ago, said Stuart Tomc, the company’s vice president of human nutrition. In October 2016, Hemp Business Journal projected the U.S. CBD market will grow to US$2.1 billion in consumer sales by 2020, with $450 million in sales coming from hemp-based sources. In 2015, consumer sales of CBD products totaled $90 million, according to the publication. Bullman of Carolina Hemp Co. indicated the willingness of grocery and health food stores to carry hemp extracts creates a domino effect. “They see other people selling it, and making money, and not getting arrested, and then they follow suit," he said. “The retail market is growing very, very rapidly," Mike Harinen, chief brand officer of Bluebird Botanicals, said in an interview during the NoCo Hemp Expo, which was held March 31-April 1 in Loveland, Colorado. “One of the most exciting things right now is that we are just starting to be considered for certain larger retail big box stores," he revealed. Harinen added a caveat. “It’s going slowly because of course with hemp and the stigma around [it]—and especially when it comes to extracted hemp—it’s very … difficult to talk to the large buyers of these huge grocery stores and then convince them that it is a fully legal" product. He said Broomfield, Colorado-based Bluebird Botanicals is in talks with King Soopers. “We’re shooting big," Harinen said. Kroger, which owns King Soopers, did not respond to requests for comment on whether it carries products containing CBD. Asked about any reservations retailers may have in selling his company’s products, Harinen responded, “Mostly the legality. They’re not sure … if cannabinoids are a legal thing to sell—but they’re just as legal as hemp oil or anything else that comes from the hemp plant that’s food-based." “We should be able to sell on Amazon," Kuspa of CW Hemp proclaimed. “We should be able to sell on Walgreens and CVS and Target and Walmart. And we’re being contacted by all of these respective groups." None of the above retailers responded to requests for comment. Daniel Fabricant, Ph.D., executive director and CEO of the Washington-based Natural Products Association (NPA), which serves a large membership of retailers, said the organization does not have a specific policy on CBD. “Our policy is look, we’re not going to … have members who are selling unlawful products," Fabricant said in a phone interview. “People have a lot of questions around CBD … and we always quote chapter and verse on what’s in FDA warning letters." However, he noted NPA would seek to help companies submit premarket safety-related notifications to FDA, such as a new dietary ingredient notification (NDIN) under the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 (DSHEA). “I’m not saying CBD is unsafe … but what I am saying is the data has to be presented," said Fabricant, the former head supplement official at FDA, “and it has to be presented in a way that gets through the regulatory gate." Re-enter CV Sciences. The company said it has retained a scientific and regulatory consulting firm to conduct toxicological studies to investigate the safety of oral consumption of its hemp-derived CBD oil and to support a self-conclusion that its product is GRAS (generally recognized as safe). Based on the toxicological studies conducted on CV Sciences’ CBD oil, the company expressed confidence that it will satisfy the GRAS standard following review by an expert panel and publication of the data in a peer-reviewed toxicology journal. While such safety data could bolster confidence in the CBD market, conservative national retailers may remain on the sidelines because, in part, their exposure to government enforcement actions and private litigation is greater than independent health food and wellness stores. Many of the former generate billions in sales and do business across state lines. “If they [large retailers] take a critical look at this ingredient, they will pass," said attorney Todd Harrison, a partner with Venable LLP who chairs the firm’s FDA Group. “If they look at the dollar signs in the door, they’ll take it." Asked whether larger retailers would be comfortable selling CBD, Fabricant alluded to the risks associated with selling goods in interstate commerce, which would subject companies to the authority of federal agencies such as FDA. “Some may say the juice is worth the squeeze," the former FDA official observed. “Some may not." DEA officials have said CBD is a marijuana extract, and the agency has adopted a “new Administration Controlled Substances Code Number for ‘Marihuana Extract,’" the subject of HIA’s lawsuit. Rick Collins, a New York-based lawyer who has defended clients in drug cases involving performance-enhancing substances and other products, discussed the potential criminal consequences facing retailers accused of selling marijuana. “The crime would be distribution of a controlled substance," a felony, Collins explained in a phone interview, “and the punishment would be based on the volume of the product that was sold." “The more that was sold, the higher the potential sentence could be," added Collins, a founding partner with Collins Gann McCloskey & Barry. DEA said the new code would help it track quantities of marijuana extract separately from quantities of marijuana, aiding in compliance with relevant treaty provisions, but HIA said the move has caused a chilling effect in the global industrial hemp industry. Retailers pre-emptively removed products from the shelves and halted reorders based on their interpretation that industrial hemp was subject to DEA’s marijuana extract rule, said Colleen Keahey, executive director of HIA, in a phone interview. She indicated large retailers are taking a conservative stance and not carrying hemp-derived CBD products today. What needs to happen for the big retailers to enter the market? Keahey said DEA’s marijuana extract rule should be amended or rescinded. She also supported the development of additional quality standards, such as more rigorous testing and ways to maintain GMPs (good manufacturing practices). “We’re working on that as an industry to help provide those companies that are our members with the best practices," Keahey said. Meanwhile, there is uncertainty over how the Trump administration will treat cannabis—including CBD. “There are strong pulls in both directions," Collins said. “Certainly, you’ve got a national attitude of increasing tolerance toward cannabis in all respects—both medical and recreational. On the other hand, you have an attorney general (Jeff Sessions) who’s opined that, ‘Good people don’t smoke marijuana’ and clearly is not a fan of cannabis. Whether that’s going to translate to enforcement action in the current political climate is open to debate." Violations of the Federal Food, Drug & Cosmetic (FDCA), not just the CSA, could result in a criminal conviction. And corporate officials could be held liable for a misdemeanor violation of the FDCA, even if they didn’t intentionally violate the law or were aware of the violation, attorneys familiar with the law have explained. Asked about criminal penalties a retailer would face for selling products that contain CBD and other non-psychoactive cannabinoids from the hemp plant, a Justice Department spokeswoman declined “to comment on hypotheticals." “However, if the Justice Department learns about FDCA violations, we consult with our partners at FDA and consider a range of factors in determining whether to pursue an enforcement action," she said in an email. A few sources mentioned one factor that could help mitigate a retailer's exposure to a government action or civil lawsuit: ensuring the content of psychoactive constituent tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) in a CBD product is negligible, distinguishing it from marijuana. Under the 2014 Farm Bill, “industrial hemp" cannot contain a delta-9 THC concentration of more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis. “Obviously, the responsible CBD industry that’s providing products in terms of dietary supplements should not be providing products that contain illegal levels of THC," said Jane Wilson, director of program development with the American Herbal Products Association (AHPA). James Prochnow, an attorney in Denver who concentrates his practice on food and drug regulatory matters, doesn’t think it’s likely federal agencies would target retailers selling CBD. “The chances of a large retailer being the object of some enforcement action, such as a seizure by the FDA or the DEA, are in my judgment not substantial at the present time," said Prochnow, a shareholder with Greenberg Traurig, in a phone interview. In the absence of extraordinary circumstances, such as a CBD product containing a high amount of THC, Prochnow reasoned it is unlikely FDA or DEA would seek to criminally indict a company. He cited the government’s enforcement discretion, and uncertainty over how the Trump administration will address the CBD and hemp industries. “I don’t think the Trump administration has decided what it really wants to do about hemp and CBD oil," he said. Prochnow, nonetheless, cited other risks facing retailers. For instance, the attorney described as “staggering" the number of class action lawsuits filed against the dietary supplement industry in recent years, and he acknowledged another consideration—enforcement actions taken by state attorneys general against companies, such as retailers of dietary supplements. Prochnow also raised the question of whether a CBD ingredient would run afoul of the CSA. “It presents some criminal considerations that normally aren’t present when you’re dealing with something that isn’t related to the Cannabis sativa plant," he explained. Lawyers also have cited the increased risks of enforcement action by FDA as well class action litigation against marketers of CBD-containing supplements if GW Pharmaceuticals obtains drug approval for Epidiolex. There’s no evidence CBD was sold as a food or dietary ingredient before Epidiolex was authorized for investigation as a new drug, said Harrison, who has examined the regulatory issues for his clients. “Therefore, it’s an absolute bar" to sales of CBD in a supplement, the attorney said, referencing an exclusionary clause in DSHEA. Other lawyers have maintained there is evidence CBD was marketed as a supplement or as a conventional food before GW’s new drug investigations were authorized, but they have declined to disclose the specific evidence to INSIDER. Regardless of the debate, the law grants the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) authority to create an exception to the drug-related exclusion in DSHEA—creating another pathway for CBD to be legally marketed as a supplement. HHS Secretary Tom Price would need to issue a regulation, following notice and comment, finding CBD is lawful as a supplement. But as AHPA pointed out last year in comments filed with FDA in an unrelated matter, HHS hasn't used such authority in DSHEA's 22-year history. Amid the regulatory uncertainty, Tomc of CV Sciences remains bullish. He sees an opportunity for distribution of CBD-containing products through large retailers such as Walmart, Walgreens and Safeway. The big retailers may be reticent to enter the market until they verify companies like CV Sciences have generated sales with independent health food stores, and that the products are safe. “The mid-sized chains," Tomc noted, “aren’t going to start taking products in until they’ve proven themselves among all the independent stores." Referencing sales data from SPINS and the GRAS efforts underway, Tomc maintained his employer could demonstrate it has proven itself among independent stores and show its products are safe. Judging by trends at independent health and wellness stores, CV Sciences’ Plus CBD Oil and similar hemp-derived products could fare well at large retail chains. Alfalfa’s Market, a natural foods store founded in Boulder, carries about 100 different products containing CBD, ranging from capsules to hemp honey to extracts for pets, said Sarah Shebanek, a wellness buyer for the business. Demand has been so strong that the retailer has introduced its own private-label brand of hemp extracts, relying on a manufacturer from Fort Lupton, Colorado, Pure Kind Botanicals. “That’s how well it’s doing that we wanted to make sure we offered our own brand as well," Shebanek said. The products are sold at the natural food retailer’s stores in Boulder and Louisville, Colorado—one of the first states in the country to legalize recreational marijuana. Colorado is also one of several states to operate an industrial hemp pilot program through its agriculture department, as authorized by Section 7606 of the 2014 Farm Bill. Shebanek attributed growing demand for CBD products to two factors. “One, more and more people are learning about it," she said. “And it’s still something that very few people know anything about. And then I think more people are learning about it because so many people have found it works so well for them for a variety of conditions." As a long-term strategy, CW Hemp is eying the big retailers while maintaining its relationships with the likes of Alfalfa’s Market. “We will take care of the regional players—the singles [and] single doors that are out there today," Kuspa said, “but long term, we’re planning on working with these larger chains." ……………………………………………………………………………………………………….... Some Medical Professionals Embrace CBD by Josh Long Cannabidiol (CBD) is attracting the interest of a growing number of professionals in the medical community. Melissa Arnold, a chiropractor in Georgia, described herself as the “poster child" for CBD oil. Arnold said she suffered a sleep disorder for about 20 years, enduring periods of insomnia, and waking up and not feeling rested. She disclosed she began to suffer anxiety, and occasionally panic, due to her sleep disorder. CBD and other therapies have helped her sleep, she explained.  “I sleep through the night now," Arnold said in a phone interview. “I don’t even wake up. If I wake up, pretty much I just go right back to sleep." Arnold said she has been using CBD for nearly two years and selling it in her office for about 1.5 years. The chiropractor has found CBD especially beneficial for individuals who suffer from Lyme disease. Arnold sells products made by Elixinol, a Colorado-based manufacturer of hemp extracts, and she has referred patients who suffer from medical conditions like cancer to Philip Blair, M.D., who identified himself in an email as Elixinol’s medical director. “I have tried at least 8 different CBD brands and Elixinol is the only one that has made a huge difference for me actually," Arnold said in a follow-up email. She acknowledged the controversy surrounding CBD—specifically DEA’s view of it as a Schedule I drug. Is she worried? “They’re not really putting the brakes on it," said the chiropractor, referring to Elixinol. “We haven’t been asked to take it [CBD] off the shelf," she added. “I don’t think anyone’s going to jail over it." CBD typically contains little tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the psychoactive component of marijuana, and critics of the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) are quick to point out that fact. “There’s nobody getting any euphoria from it, so it’s ridiculous that it’s been classified that way," Arnold said. Most doctors, nonetheless, may be hesitant to embrace CBD, which has yet to be approved in the United States by FDA as a pharmaceutical drug. “I really don’t find much headway in … talking with physicians," Blair acknowledged in a phone interview, explaining his peers are “confused about the law, the legal aspects about their recommendations of anything related to a non-FDA-approved substance." He finds such reactions “absurd," noting many doctors sell nutraceuticals in their offices. “There’s no problem with that, and there would be no problem with doing a legal cannabidiol within their office," Blair maintained. “But very few physicians are willing to go there." Tweet Comments Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus INSIDER Law Josh Long Navigating the regulatory environment of dietary supplements and conventional foods can be a challenging task especially since different countries’ legal requirements vary. Josh Long gives natural products brands the skinny on laws governing foods and supplements. Josh started with VIRGO (now Informa Exhibitions) in 2010, and began working on INSIDER in 2012. Email him at josh.long@informa.com, and connect with him on Twitter and LinkedIn. Ashwagandha Advantage Ashwagandha: Adaptogen of Today Podcasts Heathy INSIDER Podcast 62: Unified Industry Can Benefit in New Political Climate More Image Galleries Slide Show: Clean-Label Trends and Considerations for Finished Products Slide Show: Flavor Challenges in Functional Beverages Image Gallery: Top Posts in March More Email Updates Weekly Newsletter of top headlines and must-read articles Notices when new premium content is released Popular Blog Big Retailers Remain on Sidelines With CBD ‘Hemp Extracts’ May 9, 2017 692 views Digital Issue Natural Sweetener Alternatives May 9, 2017 96 views Blog CRN, NPA Look Forward to Working With New FDA Commissioner Gottlieb May 9, 2017 64 views Article Trends in Heart Health May 10, 2017 54 views Blog Joint Health: Pain in the Act May 10, 2017 40 views About Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Natural Products INSIDER Site Wide Content Feed SupplySide Facebook SupplySide LinkedIN SupplySide Twitter SupplySide YouTube Supplyside Events SupplySide West SupplySide East Supplyside Media Food Insider Journal Natural Products INSIDER Resources Global Storefronts Vitafoods Events Europe Asia Vitafoods Media Vitafoods Insights Copyright © 2017, Informa Exhibitions, LLC. All rights reserved. Resource Center Article Archives Ashwagandha Advantage Blogs Buyer’s Guide Classic Digital Magazines Editor's Choice Awards Galleries Infographics Ingredient Buying Center Jobs Podcasts Reports Webinars Whitepapers Video Digital Summits Documentaries INSIDER TV Categories Animal Nutrition Contract Manufacturing Digestive Health Essential Fatty Acids (EFAs) Eye Health Joint Health Minerals Plant-Based Ingredients Snack Foods Sports Nutrition Tableting Weight Management Women's Health More Topics Events Ingredient Marketplace SupplySide West Vitafoods Asia Vitafoods Europe Buyer's Guide Ingredients Health Conditions Contract Manufacturing Packaging CPG Awards
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Drunken woman seeks husband at gas station: South Euclid Police Blotter Print Email Andy Attina / cleveland.com By Andy Attina / cleveland.com Sun News on May 10, 2017 at 10:01 PM, updated May 10, 2017 at 10:04 PM comments SOUTH EUCLID, Ohio Disturbance, Cedar Road: Officers responded to Shell gas station at 12:30 a.m. April 30 for a report of drunken woman shouting expletives at customers and employees. She told officers she had thought the clerk behind the counter was attractive and complimented her on her appearance. In turn, she said the clerk complimented her but she doubted her sincerity and an argument ensued. Officers made contact with the woman's husband and he said he would come for her. While waiting, the woman approached people pumping gas and asked if the men inside the vehicles were her husband. It was also learned the woman inside the store that she thought was the clerk, was actually another customer. The South Euclid woman was cited for disorderly conduct intoxication and released to her husband. Theft, Warrensville Center Road: A Cleveland man, 52, was arrested at Walmart May 2 for the suspected theft of $149.80 worth of energy drinks. He showed signs of drug abuse and admitted he had consumed an unspecified drug. He was subsequently taken to Metro Health Hospital. Fraud, Maywood Road: A man and woman reported May 2 someone had fraudulently filed a request in their names for an address change with the IRS. They were instructed by the IRS to file a police report. Criminal damage, South Green Road: A woman reported at 1 a.m. May 5 she heard noises coming from outside her home and then found her vehicle damaged in the driveway. The antenna was damaged on it and there four brake-pads on the ground near the vehicle. She told officers she had a negative exchange with another woman on social media the previous day and felt she may be responsible for the damage. Officers tried unsuccessfully to contact the Bedford woman. Property damage, Mayfield Road: Employees of a dentist office reported April 29 someone had written various words and phrases on four walls inside the building, using black lead material. They suspected the ex-boyfriend of a recently fired cleaning employee may have caused the damage because he had been calling the office looking for the woman. They said the woman had turned in her keys to the building and suspected the man may have had access to them. Officers advised the staff to change the locks. Impaired driving, Mayfield Road: An officer stopped a vehicle at 1 a.m. April 29 after it started approaching the cruiser head-on. The driver said she was not familiar with the area. She was subsequently arrested for OVI. The Twinsburg woman, 33, was also charged with having a weapon under disability after she said she had a concealed carry permit and admitted she had a gun in the vehicle. Hit-skip, South Green Road: A vehicle struck a parked car around 12:45 a.m. May 1 and left the scene. Officers located it in Cleveland, where the driver claimed the damage on his vehicle was a result of hitting a pothole. He was found to have three active warrants and was driving under suspension. The Avon Lake man, 25, was subsequently charged with OVI and suspected heroin was found inside the vehicle. He later admitted to having injected heroin prior to the incident. He was taken to the hospital for treatment. Menacing, Colony Road: A woman reported April 26 she was receiving threatening emails from a woman, whom her husband had an affair with over the past year. She said her husband had since ended the affair but the woman claimed she was pregnant with his child. Officers spoke with the suspect, who said she made the threats out of anger, but had no intentions to carry them out. They told her to stop all contact with the woman and her husband. An aggravated menacing warrant was later issued against the Cleveland Heights woman. Harassing communication, Avondale Road: A resident reported April 29 he received a threatening email from a man after making a purchase on a website known as Bonanza. He said he purchased a baseball cap, which he found to be defective. After having his money refunded, he received the email from the seller, who was upset that he got a refund and did not return the item. Officers told the man to block the email address of the sender, whom they believed to be a 51-year-old Oregon man. Theft, Warrensville Center Road: A Cleveland woman, 20, was arrested at Walmart April 30 for the suspected theft of pizza rolls and clothing, valued at $19.37. She provided officers with a false identity and was later found to have an active felony warrant after she was correctly identified. She was cited for providing false information and then turned over to a county facility. Stolen vehicle, Felton Road: A man reported April 29 his vehicle was stolen off the road while he was mowing grass at a resident's home. A landscape trailer was also hitched to the vehicle and stolen. He estimated the value of the vehicle at $28,000. Criminal damage, South Belvoir Boulevard: A man reported April 27 his vehicle had its tires slashed while parked behind his apartment residence. There was also a white substance on the hood that had eaten through the paint to the metal of the vehicle. The only possible suspect the man could think of was a co-worker, who had been mad at him for not returning his phone calls. The incident is under investigation. See more South Euclid news at Cleveland.com/south-euclid. If you would like to discuss the police blotter, please visit our crime and courts comments page. "cleveland.com is a partner of the Greater Cleveland Food Bank. Every dollar buys four meals for the hungry. Click here to donate." Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit cleveland.com on YouTube Subscribe to our YouTube channel Get the latest news, sports, and entertainment videos you need to see now! ... Subscribe now» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » South Euclid & Lyndhurst news in your inbox Sign up for our South Euclid & Lyndhurst newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. South Euclid & Lyndhurst HS Sports Latest Brush HS News | Scores & Schedules | Teams About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Charities & Fundraisers Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Charities & Fundraisers Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested Contests Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Good Neighbor ‘Build like a woman’ to honor your mom; Appalachian Spring celebration to benefit conservancy Sue Guinn Legg • May 10, 2017 at 9:32 PM slegg@johnsoncitypress.com Holston Habitat for Humanity is offering community members a unique way to honor their mothers this Mother’s Day weekend. On Friday and Saturday, Habitat for Humanity construction supervisors will lead crews of women volunteers and anyone who wishes to join them in building walls for a new home for a single mother and her children that will go up in Jonesborough later this year. The building will take place from 9 a.m.-noon, and 1-4 p.m. both days at the new Habitat Restore located off West Mountain View Road at 3201 Kimberly Court near the the Browns Mill Road Walmart. Holston Habitat has dubbed it a “Women Build” event, but is inviting everyone, including men, “to build like a woman in your mother’s name.” In addition to nailing nails and constructing walls, volunteers will also have the opportunity to write messages to the Habitat family who will live in the house or to memorialize their mothers, or other influential women in their lives by writing their names on the boards that will shape the house. Lunch will be provided and all participants will receive a Women Build T-shirt. Volunteer Coordinator Mandy Penz said the goal is to have fun, learn something new about construction and help other women all in honor of mothers. “Every hand makes a difference,” Penz said. “What better way to honor your mother than to join other women and build strength, stability and self-reliance alongside a Habitat family right here in our community?” Anyone who wishes to join in may sign up online at www.HolstonHabitat.org or call the Holston Habitat office at 423-239-7689 to register. More information about Holston Habitat’s work to make homeownership possible for income-eligible residents of Carter, Sullivan and Washington counties in Tennessee and Bristol, Virginia, is also available at the above website or phone number. Those who cannot take part but wish to honor their mothers by supporting Holston Habitat for Humanity during the Women Build project may make tax-deductible donations on behalf of their moms online at www.HolstonHabitat.org or by mail to P.O. Box 5265, Kingsport, TN 37663. The Southern Appalachian Highlands Conservancy will mark 43 years of conservation of the region’s natural treasures Thursday, May 18, with a benefit Appalachian Spring Celebration at the Yee-Haw Brewing Company in Johnson City. “From the world renowned Roan Highlands to Hampton Creek Cove State Natural Area, and more recently our brand new Rocky Fork State Park, we see the amazing work of SAHC in the protected mountain landscape of Northeast Tennessee,” former SAHC Trustee and Mahoney’s Outfitters Manager David Ramsey said. More than 70,000 acres of the mountains of Tennessee and North Carolina, clean water sources, impressive overlooks, unique habitats, productive farmland and outdoor recreation venues have been protected by the SAHC in those 43 years. And everyone will have an opportunity to build on that legacy at the family-friendly celebration at Yee-Haw. A ticketed event, the night will include live music on the patio by by Redleg Husky, an Americana group from Asheville, N.C., outdoor games, presentation of the conservancy’s 2017 Stanley A. Murray Volunteer of the Year award and savory local brews from which Yee-Haw will be passing along $1 to SAHC for every beer sold. Food from White Duck Taco will also be available for purchase onsite. Yee-Haw Taproom General Manager David McDaniel said the Appalachian Spring Celebration is a SAHC event that the company is most excited to host. “It is our goal to help organizations like the SAHC succeed and be effective and, in turn, ensure the success of the region around us.” Tickets are $10 in advance or $15 at the door and may be purchased online at www.Appalachian.org. More information about the conservancy is available at the website or may be obtained by calling the SAHC at 828-253-0095. Donations to the Southern Appalachian Highlands Conservancy may be made by mail to 372 Merrimon Ave., Asheville, NC 28801. If there is a need or a project in your neighborhood the Good Neighbor column can assist with, contact Sue Guinn Legg at 423-722-0538 or P.O. Box 1717, Johnson City, TN 37605. Email Sue Guinn Legg at slegg@johnsoncitypress.com. Follow her on Twitter @sueleggjcpress. Like her on Facebook at facebook.com/sueleggjcpress. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
  You are here: Home > Business > Technology, Media and Telecom Alibaba's next online stop: the whole world 0 Comment(s)Print E-mail China Daily, May 11, 2017 Adjust font size: For Carine Danblier, 51, a Belgian housewife based in Brussels, shopping on Chinese online marketplace AliExpress has proved to be nothing short of a treasure hunt. A Russian consumer shows her passport to identify herself at a goods collection center of AliExpress in Moscow. [Photo/Xinhua] Every week, she snaps up cooking accessories, shoes and electronic gadgets directly from China via AliExpress, a subsidiary of Alibaba Group Holding. A few taps on her device keypad, followed by a few days in wait－that's all it takes for the tamper-proof parcels to materialize at her doorstep. So impressed was Danblier with AliExpress that she created a Facebook page just to share images of the goodies as well as information on online deals. Two years on, the page has 100,000 followers. Alibaba has also become famous in Europe for its Singles Day shopping extravaganza on Nov 11, which created a buzz on online social media. The shopping fest has made Alibaba the world's top e-commerce marketplace by transaction value. It reported a gross merchandise volume of $485 billion in fiscal year 2016. This is higher than $482 billion in revenues netted by Walmart Inc in the same period. Alibaba is expanding overseas aggressively using AliExpress, in the process taking on global rivals such as Amazon and eBay. Founded in 2010, AliExpress is the equivalent of Alibaba's business-to-customer site Tmall, but targets only overseas customers. It has attracted more than 100 million international buyers as of April, said Dai Shan, president of Alibaba's business-to-business unit. Following a decade of explosive growth, China's online retail market is expected to slow down to a 15 percent compounded annual growth rate, consultancy Mintel has projected. This means internet behemoths like Alibaba need to foray abroad for new sources of income. AliExpress is gaining traction among users such as Danblier by reshaping their shopping behavior and building a personal rapport, said Zuniga Perez Pell, an employee at AliExpress' Spanish operations. "Wedding is perhaps the most important occasion for women. In the past, Spanish women never bought wedding dresses online. But now, taking a look at AliExpress before buying is becoming a ritual," he said. Agreed John Arregui, a regular Spanish shopper on Ali-Express. His personal favorite is footwear. "I really like the clear assortment of all types of shoes, and I'd say China-made footwear is of superb quality." Alfonso Noriega Gomez, economic and commercial counselor of the Consulate General of Spain in Shanghai, believes e-commerce is an essential engine to promote trade and economic relations and a major conduit for products made around the world. "Through Tmall and Tmall Global, Chinese consumers are able to enjoy products from Spain. We hope AliExpress can bring alive the virtual Silk Road by connecting Chinese merchandise with countries including Spain," he said at an AliExpress conference in Hangzhou earlier this month. Customers from more than 220 countries and regions have placed orders via the platform, according to the company. The top three countries ranked by total spending are Russia, the United States and Spain. Apart from Spain, AliExpress also found early success in Russia, by offering Chinese products including clothing and car parts at a lower price. It also advertised its services and teamed up with local payment providers. The platform has been Russia's biggest shopping site since 2014, according to researcher TNS. A wide array of goods, partnerships with several key Russian payment providers, and a strong social media presence have helped make AliExpress the top player, said Shen Difan, general manager in Russia. "AliExpress is planning to tie up with more local vendors, ship from local warehouses, and provide local after-sales service, including a no-excuse return policy in 72 hours," Shen said. Relatively super-quick delivery has become the real gamechanger. In Russia, parcels normally take weeks, or even up to two months, to reach buyers. Backed by big data technology, AliExpress has managed to shorten the delivery period to just four days. This is part of an even bigger goal of global delivery within 72 hours in three to five years, using algorithm-based realtime analysis by Cainiao Network Technology Co Ltd, Alibaba's smart logistics network. Alibaba will be wading into a number of markets where no single player has yet to dominate. Challenges abound. Many developing nations still lack the infrastructure crucial to widespread adoption of e-commerce. According to Wan Lin, Cainiao's president, the logistics network has teamed up with various postal services to ensure faster customs clearance, including a partnership with US Postal Service, Brazilian Post and Australian Post. It has picked up a stake in Singapore Post. It will manage logistics globally and provide users with global traceability of their parcel shipment movement. AliExpress aims to build a "cyber Silk Road" and serve up to 1 billion people from overseas, Shen said. "The Belt and Road Initiative, which aims to strengthen infrastructure, economic and trade ties in the Eurasian and Africa region, will lend AliExpress new momentum to grow its customer base tenfold in less than seven years." That creates a win-win scenario for both global shoppers and export-driven Chinese manufacturers, who are transitioning from being original equipment manufacturers to providers of higher-end branded products. Napearl, a Chinese curtain maker, is riding the consumption boom overseas. Via AliExpress, the company receives regular orders from US customers for tailor-made curtains used in villas. Its monthly revenue could top $500,000, said Wang Yuting, its operations director. Also reaping the gains is earphone maker Bluedio. According to Li Jiacheng, its marketing head, sales on Singles Day last year surged 120 percent compared to the previous fest. "We've devoted a 30-people taskforce to research and development of critical technologies, and are on course to bagging a handful of patents. We're building our own brand, and AliExpress is a good starting point," Li said. To date, AliExpress has groomed and fostered over 1,000 smaller merchants whose monthly sales in cross-border deals have surpassed $500,000 each. "While globalization offers many benefits to multinational corporations, the Belt and Road Initiative aims to unlock the potential of SMEs (small and medium enterprises) by enhancing connectivity, and e-commerce is a critical channel to reach that goal," said Zhao Lei, a professor at the Institute for International Strategic Studies, which is part of the Central Party School of the Communist Party of China. Follow China.org.cn on Twitter and Facebook to join the conversation. ChinaNews App Download Print E-mail Related Alibaba acts on vow about 1m US jobs Alibaba joins efforts to protect water resources in China Go to Forum >>0 Comment(s) No comments. Add your comments... User Name Required Your Comment Enter the words you see:    Racist, abusive and off-topic comments may be removed by the moderator. Send your storiesGet more from China.org.cnMobileRSSNewsletter Alibaba's next online stop: the whole world With growth slowing in China, the internet behemoth unleashes AliExpress for global e-commerce dominance, applying lessons from Tmall. China Daily China Daily
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Economy Food retail reforms: Narendra Modi government mulls relaxing FDI rules Food retail reforms: Narendra Modi government mulls relaxing FDI rules The move to relax the rule comes after several global retailers conveyed to the government their willingness to set up shops here By: Banikinkar Pattanayak | New Delhi | Published: May 11, 2017 6:50 AM The non-food items could be related products like personal care or kitchenware that consumers would usually like to pick up along with food items in a supermarket. The government is considering a proposal to ease foreign direct investment (FDI) guidelines in the retailing of food products to allow a certain percentage of locally-produced non-food items along with the edible products. Food processing minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal told FE her ministry has suggested that a foreign retailer be allowed to sell locally-produced non-food items worth 25% of its investments at the farm-gate level. However, a final decision will likely be taken after comprehensive consultations among ministries, including commerce and industry, food processing, and finance. The move to relax the rule comes after several global retailers such as Walmart, Tesco, Metro Cash and Carry and Auchan Group conveyed to the government their willingness to set up shops here, provided the rules are relaxed to add more items to the shelves, official sources had told FE early last month. Even a Brazilian retailer is learnt to be exploring opportunities to invest in India with a local partner. Although these retailers haven’t submitted details of investments that they may make in India, the food processing ministry believes potential investments could be as much as $5-10 billion if rules are suitably relaxed. According to the food processing ministry proposal, if a foreign retailer invests, say, 20% of its total FDI in setting up infrastructure at the farm-gate level, it would be allowed to sell locally-produced non-food items worth 5% of the total FDI, along with the food items that must have been manufactured in the country. The non-food items could be related products like personal care or kitchenware that consumers would usually like to pick up along with food items in a supermarket. In June last year, the government notified that 100% FDI will be permitted (with government approval) in trading— including through e-commerce— of food products produced or manufactured in India to boost the realisations for farmers. Critics, however, pointed out that no supermarket would attract massive footfall and be profitable with just food items on its shelves. Recently, e-commerce players Amazon, Big Basket and Grofers applied for approval for retailing locally-produced food products, promising a combined investment of $695 million. Although a final approval by the government is expected soon, the food processing ministry—the administrative ministry in this case—has endorsed the proposals, setting the stage for the first lot of investments to flow in since the government tweaked FDI rules for the sector last year. Already, the food processing sector has started to see a jump in foreign investments. FDI inflows (in equity) in the sector touched $663.20 million in the April-January period, which were much higher than those of $506 million in the entire 2015-16 fiscal. The decision to allow 100% FDI in marketing of locally-produced food items was important as food and farm items worth Rs 92,651 crore go waste annually in India due to a low level of processing and inadequate infrastructure for scientific storage. The Narendra Modi government has already announced two big rounds of relaxations in the FDI regime, first in November 2015 and then in June last year, easing rules in over a dozen sectors ranging from real estate, pharmaceuticals, food marketing, aviation, defence to e-commerce and banking. No Comments. Don't Miss Layoffs in IT companies like Infosys, Cognizant, Wipro & Tech Mahindra aren't Trump's fault Reliance JioFiber: Download movies & songs within minutes; 'Preview Offer' launches in Delhi NCR, Mumbai & others Narendra Modi in Sri Lanka: Buddhism deep seated in our governance says PM; announces direct Air India flight between Colombo and Varanasi Why the latest home loan rate cuts are a double bonanza for homebuyers One Belt One Road project: China to spend $500 billion to reshape the world in its image MP Jyotiraditya Scindia may be next leader of Congress in Lok Sabha Narendra Modi Sri Lanka visit Live Updates: Ideologies of hate only cause death, destruction, says PM West Bengal municipal polls: BJP's rise forces Congress, CPM to join hands to fight Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress Uphaar case: High Court upholds evidence tampering charge against Ansals India imposes anti-dumping duty on 47 steel products for 5 years Business Gallery PM Modi attends International Vesak Day celebrations in Sri Lanka On a two-day visit to Sri Lanka, PM Narendra Modi visits Buddhist Seema Malaka temple in Colombo Chenab bridge, world’s highest rail bridge, is India’s unparalleled engineering feat! 15 stunning facts and images Boeing temporarily suspends 737 MAX flights: Here is what the issue is NITI Aayog meets Yogi Adityanath with blueprint to transform Uttar Pradesh Technology Gallery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours From Oppo F3 to Vivo V5: Best ‘Selfie expert’ smartphones in India under Rs 20,000 From Samsung to Xiaomi: Best budget smartphones priced under Rs 15,000 Hindi News राजनीतिक दलों को चुनाव आयोग की खुली चुनौती- 13 मई को आएं और EVM हैक करके दिखाएं श्रीलंका में इंटरनेशनल बैसाख डे पर पीएम नरेंद्र मोदी का एलान- वाराणसी और कोलंबो के बीच शुरू होगी सीधी विमान सेवा लाल बत्ती ना हटाने पर मौलाना बरकती के खिलाफ FIR दर्ज, कहा था- नहीं मानता केन्द्र का आदेश Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home News Opinion Letters Sports Prospecting Roadbeat Essentials Obituaries Real Estate Gallery Classifieds Advertisers Ad Rates 3,986 30 PLACERVILLE, CALIFORNIA News Shooting in Placerville, one dead By Penne Usher May 11, 2017 FacebookTwitter FacebookTwitter Police are looking for Travis Eriksen, 36, who is wanted for questioning in a Wednesday evening shooting death. Placerville police say Eriksen is “armed and dangerous.” Police responded to a call of gunshots at 4:44 p.m. Wednesday in the 4400 block of Forni Road. Witnesses reported hearing several shots and seeing someone ride off toward WalMart on Missouri Flat Road on a red street bike, wearing a black helmet, said Sg. Moke Auwae. Officers found one person shot multiple times who died at the scene. Missouri Flat Road is closed at Pleasant Valley as officrs work the “active crime scene.” Read the full story in Friday’s Mountain Democrat.   FacebookTwitter Penne Usher Story Archive Search Recent Posts Breaking: Shooting suspect in custody Wild and Scenic Woodhead fundraiser El Dorado Hills Art, Beer and Wine Festival Oak Ridge hosts Del Oro softball Four D’backs sign Webb signs with UC Merced Sheep Oak Ridge hosts Davis boys lacrosse Outside with Charlie: Bike month Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » Contact Us | Customer Service Subscribe or Renew Print Edition Submission Forms Facebook Page Twitter Feed Village Life, May 10, 2017 Stars and Stripes, May 8, 2017 Home Source, May 5, 2017 Spring Home Improvement 2017 Mountain Democrat Readers’ Choice 2016 Gold Country Wine Destinations 2017 Village Homes, May 3, 2017 Village Life, May 3, 2017 Gold Mine Coupons, May 2017 Cameron Park Life, May 2017 Home Source, April 28, 2017 Stars and Stripes, April 24, 2017 Adventures, Spring/Summer 2017 Divide Women in Business 2017 St. Patrick’s Day Count for Cash 2017 Village Life Readers’ Choice 2016 El Dorado County Visitor’s Guide 2016-17 Women in Business 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Folsom Life Magazine, Fall/Winter 2016 Winter Funtastic 2016 Miracle on Historical Main Street 2016 Leadership El Dorado Adventures, Fall/Winter 2016 El Dorado County Chamber Business Guide 2016 El Dorado County Chamber of Commerce 100th Anniversary Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Mexican consumers defy Trump with spending jump, retailers say Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed May 10, 2017 | 8:08pm EDT Mexican consumers defy Trump with spending jump, retailers say By Anthony Esposito | MEXICO CITY MEXICO CITY Mexican retail sales grew in April at the fastest clip since Donald Trump's election as U.S. president, industry data showed on Wednesday, as consumer demand rose despite high inflation, rising interest rates and economic headwinds. Mexican retailers' association ANTAD said sales at stores open at least a year rose 6.0 percent from April last year, the biggest jump since October 2016. Trump's surprise election in November raised the specter of recession in Mexico after his threats on the campaign trail to shred the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), a lynchpin of Latin America's second-largest economy. ANTAD members include Wal-Mart de Mexico WALMEXV.MX, or Walmex, and Soriana (SORIANAB.MX). Total sales, which include stores opened during the last 12 months, grew 9.1 percent from April 2016, the group said. Walmex, the country's biggest retailer, said on Monday that sales at its Mexican stores open at least a year rose 10.2 percent from April 2016, the strongest growth in six months. Trump's victory sent the peso into a tailspin, prompting several economists to slash growth forecasts. Inflation has hit its fastest pace in nearly eight years as government-administered gasoline prices have spiked. But Mexico's economy has so far defied the predictions, with several leading companies posting strong first-quarter earnings. Underlining the brighter outlook, retail brand manager Grupo Axo plans to revive a stalled initial public offering later this month, sources told Reuters on Wednesday. Despite occasional threats from Trump, his administration has moderated its tone on how it would approach a renegotiation of NAFTA, helping the peso to rebound from a record low in January. The peso's recovery should help cool price pressures, while robust job creation and abundant consumer credit have combined to buttress consumption. With Trump threatening to crack down on illegal immigrants, remittances from Mexicans living abroad have lent added support to consumer spending. Remittances surged in March by 15.1 percent versus a year ago to $2.52 billion. "Consumer confidence is recovering after the January shock. It's a temporary shock," said Rafael Camarena, an economist at Santander. ($1 = 19.0139 Mexican pesos) (Additional reporting by Sharay Angulo and Sheky Espejo; Editing by Dave Graham and Richard Chang) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News GE's Immelt bets big on digital factories, shareholders are wary GROVE CITY, Penn. At a General Electric Co factory in this rural town, Keith Spahn, 60, used to take measurements of parts from railroad locomotives that are in for repair by hand. Mexico warns U.S. of alternatives on trade, points to China MEXICO CITY Mexico sent a stark message to U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday, saying an upcoming visit by Mexican officials to China showed Latin America's second largest economy had other places to export to if he tore up the NAFTA trade deal. U.S. used-car glut is a dealer’s dream, automakers’ nightmare ORWELL, Ohio Three years ago if a customer walked onto Dan Reel's used car lot seeking a late-model off-lease Ford Escape, his answer was short: tough luck. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Mexican consumers defy Trump with spending jump, retailers say Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed May 10, 2017 | 8:08pm EDT Mexican consumers defy Trump with spending jump, retailers say By Anthony Esposito | MEXICO CITY MEXICO CITY Mexican retail sales grew in April at the fastest clip since Donald Trump's election as U.S. president, industry data showed on Wednesday, as consumer demand rose despite high inflation, rising interest rates and economic headwinds. Mexican retailers' association ANTAD said sales at stores open at least a year rose 6.0 percent from April last year, the biggest jump since October 2016. Trump's surprise election in November raised the specter of recession in Mexico after his threats on the campaign trail to shred the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), a lynchpin of Latin America's second-largest economy. ANTAD members include Wal-Mart de Mexico WALMEXV.MX, or Walmex, and Soriana (SORIANAB.MX). Total sales, which include stores opened during the last 12 months, grew 9.1 percent from April 2016, the group said. Walmex, the country's biggest retailer, said on Monday that sales at its Mexican stores open at least a year rose 10.2 percent from April 2016, the strongest growth in six months. Trump's victory sent the peso into a tailspin, prompting several economists to slash growth forecasts. Inflation has hit its fastest pace in nearly eight years as government-administered gasoline prices have spiked. But Mexico's economy has so far defied the predictions, with several leading companies posting strong first-quarter earnings. Underlining the brighter outlook, retail brand manager Grupo Axo plans to revive a stalled initial public offering later this month, sources told Reuters on Wednesday. Despite occasional threats from Trump, his administration has moderated its tone on how it would approach a renegotiation of NAFTA, helping the peso to rebound from a record low in January. The peso's recovery should help cool price pressures, while robust job creation and abundant consumer credit have combined to buttress consumption. With Trump threatening to crack down on illegal immigrants, remittances from Mexicans living abroad have lent added support to consumer spending. Remittances surged in March by 15.1 percent versus a year ago to $2.52 billion. "Consumer confidence is recovering after the January shock. It's a temporary shock," said Rafael Camarena, an economist at Santander. ($1 = 19.0139 Mexican pesos) (Additional reporting by Sharay Angulo and Sheky Espejo; Editing by Dave Graham and Richard Chang) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News GE's Immelt bets big on digital factories, shareholders are wary GROVE CITY, Penn. At a General Electric Co factory in this rural town, Keith Spahn, 60, used to take measurements of parts from railroad locomotives that are in for repair by hand. Mexico warns U.S. of alternatives on trade, points to China MEXICO CITY Mexico sent a stark message to U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday, saying an upcoming visit by Mexican officials to China showed Latin America's second largest economy had other places to export to if he tore up the NAFTA trade deal. U.S. used-car glut is a dealer’s dream, automakers’ nightmare ORWELL, Ohio Three years ago if a customer walked onto Dan Reel's used car lot seeking a late-model off-lease Ford Escape, his answer was short: tough luck. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 1-5, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 1-5, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Thursday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NEW FACILITATOR AT HYDRAULIC PANEL MEETING THURSDAY – Craig Eddy replaces Philip Shucet as facilitator for Route 29 Solutions advisory panels Next PostNext RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 Search Recent Posts Lubrizol Announces Participation in Chinaplas 2017 San Jose CA Metal Roofing & Copper Sheet & Gutter Firm Announce Distributorship Gardner Denver Announces Pricing of its Initial Public Offering Intermountain Precision Genomics Announces Cancer Test That Requires Less DNA Digital Fuel Hires Peter Singh to Lead EMEA Sales Efforts RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 8-12, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 8-12, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Saturday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Saturday and 6 a.m. Sunday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday while the beams on the Berkmar Drive bridge are painted. The canoe/kayak put-in on the southwest corner of the intersection will be accessible during practice runs for the Rivanna River Regatta. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NEW FACILITATOR AT HYDRAULIC PANEL MEETING THURSDAY – Craig Eddy replaces Philip Shucet as facilitator for Route 29 Solutions advisory panels Next PostNext RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 Search Recent Posts Lubrizol Announces Participation in Chinaplas 2017 San Jose CA Metal Roofing & Copper Sheet & Gutter Firm Announce Distributorship Gardner Denver Announces Pricing of its Initial Public Offering Intermountain Precision Genomics Announces Cancer Test That Requires Less DNA Digital Fuel Hires Peter Singh to Lead EMEA Sales Efforts RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Friday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Tuesday and Wednesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org. (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious REHAB PROJECT BEGINS MONDAY ON RT. 628 BOX CULVERT – Motorists detoured during four-month closure Next PostNext International Wholesale Carriers – New Business Models & Growth Drivers in the Digital Transformation Era Search Recent Posts Lubrizol Announces Participation in Chinaplas 2017 San Jose CA Metal Roofing & Copper Sheet & Gutter Firm Announce Distributorship Gardner Denver Announces Pricing of its Initial Public Offering Intermountain Precision Genomics Announces Cancer Test That Requires Less DNA Digital Fuel Hires Peter Singh to Lead EMEA Sales Efforts RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) The Latest: Paper says Comey didn't pledge loyalty to Trump Niskayuna boys' lacrosse holds off Shenendehowa News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Judge delays travel ban ruling President creates voter fraud commission Acting FBI chief contradicts White House Intel chief: Gains being lost Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Betts' 3-run homer lifts Red Sox in 9th Play at the plate ends game Spurs squash Rockets Niskayuna boys' lacrosse holds off Shenendehowa Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Microsoft sets out to create a more versatile Windows 10 Big price cuts on cars might mean trouble for industry GlobalFoundries' Debra Leach shares career wisdom Loudon Plaza in Albany to be renovated Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Clarkson to be a 'Voice' coach Hudson board game cafe opening Saturday 12 things to do this weekend Good things to do for the week ahead Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Destination Montreal: A perfect family getaway High & Low Mother Lovin' 5K on Sunday to raise money Mother's Day dining specials in the Capital Region Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives House of the Week: Greek Revival in Lansingburgh KGB on GNA: Are you addicted to your smartphone? Conservatism, properly understood Your school ballot: Berlin TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Emerald ash borer's conquest of Capital Region, New York state Sports media: Q&A with ESPN lacrosse analyst Paul Carcaterra UAlbany lacrosse learned from one bad practice Outdoors: A day on the Hudson slowed, but not shipwrecked Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Greek Revival in Lansingburgh Balancing safety with style challenges parents To singer Tom Jones, $8 million sounds right High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Hewitt’s: Free flowering annual or vegetable pack for Mom Best (and worst) things to buy in May Teachers eat free at Recovery Sports Grill on Tuesday, May 2 Live Nation offering $20 tickets to 20 upcoming SPAC shows MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Retail-makes-stocks-fall-in-trading-11140246.php Retail makes stocks fall in trading Banks and real estate firms also decline, while oil prices rise Alex Veiga, Associated Press Published 7:13 pm, Thursday, May 11, 2017 Disappointing quarterly results from Macy's, Kohl's and other big department store chains put investors in a selling mood Thursday, sending U.S. stocks modestly lower. Stocks in the consumer discretionary sector, which includes many retailers, slumped the most. Macy's plunged 14 percent. Kohl's, Dillard's and Nordstrom also fell sharply. "Those retail numbers are weighing on the market," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "Macy's (results) came in well below what the market had expected and that has basically put a cloud over the brick-and-mortar retail across the board." Banks and real estate companies were also big decliners. Consumer goods, health care and utilities stocks eked out small gains. Three stocks fell for every two that rose on the New York Stock Exchange. Oil prices rose. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 5.19 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,394.44. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 23.69 points, or 0.1 percent, to 20,919.42. The Nasdaq composite declined 13.18 points, or 0.2 percent, to 6,115.96, a day after closing at another all-time high. Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market. The Russell 200 index dropped 9.39 points, or 0.7 percent, to 1,390.20. Only the Nasdaq is on track to end the week with a gain. The disappointing earnings from retailers set the major stock indexes on a downward trajectory early on Thursday. Macy's tumbled 17 percent after its results fell short of Wall Street's forecasts. The stock was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $4.99 to $24.35. Dillard's and Kohl's reported revenue that was below what analysts were expecting. Dillard's slumped $10.13, or 17.5 percent, to $47.77. Kohl's fell $3.16, or 7.8 percent, to $37.16. Shares in Nordstrom also declined, sliding $3.80, or 7.6 percent, to $46.21. The department store chain reported its results after the close of regular trading. "It's definitely a discouraging sign, the reports we got from Macy's and Kohl's," said Lindsey Bell, investment strategist at CFRA. "The retailers that are more levered to apparel are going to have a tough quarter." J.C. Penney is due to report quarterly results on Friday. Wal-Mart Stores, Target, Home Depot and other big retailers do so next week. Despite the sluggish results from some department store chains, corporate results for the first three months of the year have been mostly positive. With about 89 percent of companies in the S&P 500 index having reported results so far, 51 percent have turned in better-than-expected earnings and revenue, according to CFRA Research. Technology, financials and materials companies have posted the biggest earnings growth. The parent company of Snapchat was also among the big movers Thursday. Snap plunged 21.5 percent a day after it reported a huge loss. The stock slid $4.93 to $18.05. Investors also sold off shares in Straight Path Communications after a bidding war between AT&T and Verizon Communications to acquire the wireless licenses company ended. Verizon will acquire Straight Path in an all-stock deal valued at about $3.1 billion. Shares in Straight Path gave up $45.68, or 20.4 percent, to $178.11. Verizon fell 36 cents to $46.02. Most Popular 1 Mastroianni Brothers Bakery reopening, rolls in some stores today 2 Crime ring steals bank info, money from 119 local residents 3 Police say they raided several homes in Schenectady 4 Prison ordered for Troy woman in deadly wreck 5 Niskayuna grad charged in Penn State hazing death 6 Mystery girl found in coffin beneath SF home is identified 7 Driver in crash fell asleep at wheel, Glenville cops say View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Top 3 Emerging Trends Impacting the Yoga and Exercise Mats Market in North America From 2017-2021: Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the yoga and exercise mats market in North America from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the yoga and exercise mats market in North America from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 11, 2017 06:43 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technavio’s latest report on the yoga and exercise mats market in North America provides an analysis on the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2017-2021. Technavio defines an emerging trend as a factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline. The research study by Technavio on the yoga and exercise mats market in North America for 2017-2021 provides a detailed industry analysis based on the product (yoga mats and exercise mats), country (the US and Canada), and distribution channel (mono-brand stores, department stores, and online retail).   Mats that are used to practice yoga and other fitness exercises are considered as yoga and exercise mats, and they are manufactured using various raw materials such as natural rubber, synthetic rubber, jute, and cotton. Technavio analysts forecast the yoga and exercise mats market in North America to grow to USD 15.06 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of more than 5% over the forecast period.   This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: View market snapshot before purchasing Buy 1 Technavio report and get the second for 50% off. Buy 2 Technavio reports and get the third for free. The top three emerging trends driving the yoga and exercise mats market in North America according to Technavio consumer and retail research analysts are: Increasing focus on the use of sustainable raw materials Growth in the organized retail Product innovations Increasing focus on the use of sustainable raw materials “The rise in awareness and need to adopt green, sustainable practices are encouraging manufacturers in the market to adopt sustainable raw materials, which are biodegradable in nature,” says Manu Gupta, a lead analyst at Technavio for retail goods and services market. Some of the popular raw materials used for the manufacturing of sustainable yoga and exercise mats include natural rubber, polymer environmental resin (PER), jute, and cotton. Yoga and exercise mats manufactured by using these materials can be easily decomposed in the landfills and helps to provide a sustainable solution to the consumers. Growth in the organized retail The yoga and exercise mats are sold through various distribution channels in North America, where organized retail is one of the most preferred retail channels. Yoga and exercise mats are significantly sold through mono-brand stores, supermarkets, department stores, and hypermarkets. For instance, in 2016, Costco Wholesale announced its plans to open more than five stores in the fiscal year 2017 in Canada. Similarly, Walmart also opened its new outlet in Mississauga, Canada in late 2016. Such ambitious expansion plans are expected to have a direct impact on the growth of the market. Product innovations “The manufacturers of yoga and exercise mats are constantly introducing new technologies and features to increase customer satisfaction and intensify sales. Smart mats are the latest trend in the market, attracting many consumers,” says Manu. For instance, Indiegogo has developed smart mat embedded with more than 20,000 sensors, which provide the practitioner a vital information regarding the body alignment and correctness of the postures. These smart mats can be tethered to the smartphones with the help of Bluetooth technology. Browse Related Reports: Global Ab and Core Toning Machine Market 2017-2021 Global Humidifiers Market 2017-2021 Online Retail Market in the US 2017-2021 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like luggage, retail systems, and pet supplies. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, resellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary Technavio’s latest report on the yoga and exercise mats market in North America provides an analysis on the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2017-2021. #Hashtags #RetailGoods #Research #yogamats #exercisemats #Technavio Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Top 3 Emerging Trends Impacting the Yoga and Exercise Mats Market in North America From 2017-2021: Technavio LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Technavio’s latest report on the yoga and exercise mats market in North America provides an analysis on the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2017-2021. Technavio defines an emerging trend as a factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline. The research study by Technavio on the yoga and exercise mats market in North America for 2017-2021 provides a detailed industry analysis based on the product (yoga mats and exercise mats), country (the US and Canada), and distribution channel (mono-brand stores, department stores, and online retail).   Mats that are used to practice yoga and other fitness exercises are considered as yoga and exercise mats, and they are manufactured using various raw materials such as natural rubber, synthetic rubber, jute, and cotton. Technavio analysts forecast the yoga and exercise mats market in North America to grow to USD 15.06 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of more than 5% over the forecast period.   This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: View market snapshot before purchasing Buy 1 Technavio report and get the second for 50% off. Buy 2 Technavio reports and get the third for free. The top three emerging trends driving the yoga and exercise mats market in North America according to Technavio consumer and retail research analysts are: Increasing focus on the use of sustainable raw materials Growth in the organized retail Product innovations Increasing focus on the use of sustainable raw materials “The rise in awareness and need to adopt green, sustainable practices are encouraging manufacturers in the market to adopt sustainable raw materials, which are biodegradable in nature,” says Manu Gupta, a lead analyst at Technavio for retail goods and services market. Some of the popular raw materials used for the manufacturing of sustainable yoga and exercise mats include natural rubber, polymer environmental resin (PER), jute, and cotton. Yoga and exercise mats manufactured by using these materials can be easily decomposed in the landfills and helps to provide a sustainable solution to the consumers. Growth in the organized retail The yoga and exercise mats are sold through various distribution channels in North America, where organized retail is one of the most preferred retail channels. Yoga and exercise mats are significantly sold through mono-brand stores, supermarkets, department stores, and hypermarkets. For instance, in 2016, Costco Wholesale announced its plans to open more than five stores in the fiscal year 2017 in Canada. Similarly, Walmart also opened its new outlet in Mississauga, Canada in late 2016. Such ambitious expansion plans are expected to have a direct impact on the growth of the market. Product innovations “The manufacturers of yoga and exercise mats are constantly introducing new technologies and features to increase customer satisfaction and intensify sales. Smart mats are the latest trend in the market, attracting many consumers,” says Manu. For instance, Indiegogo has developed smart mat embedded with more than 20,000 sensors, which provide the practitioner a vital information regarding the body alignment and correctness of the postures. These smart mats can be tethered to the smartphones with the help of Bluetooth technology. Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like luggage, retail systems, and pet supplies. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, resellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Wind Turbine Maintenance Market Estimated High Revenue by 2016-2024 Next PostNext Aura Minerals Announces Q1 2017 Financial and Operating Results Search Recent Posts Cypress Energy Partners, L.P. Announces First Quarter 2017 Results CORRECTION – Weight Loss Surgeon in Dallas Explains the Necessity of Thorough Pre- and Post-Surgical Care Services AgreeYa to Showcase Cogent Software at Spring NARCA Conference Canada’s unions host a Street Party for a #FairFuture in Toronto Vanstar to Extend Warrants RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell 48° Full Menu 48° Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad State College May 11, 2017 6:49 PM Weis Markets brings online shopping, grocery pickup service to State College By Roger Van Scyoc rvanscyoc@centredaily.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story State College Shoppers at the Weis Markets on Martin Street have another option in getting their groceries. The Sunbury grocer announced Tuesday the addition of online shopping and a curbside pickup service to the store, located at 1471 Martin St. in Ferguson Township. Customers can pay online with a PayPal account or at the store upon picking up their groceries. They can also use Weis Preferred Shopper’s cards and coupons. The service fee, waived for first-time orders, adds $2.95 to any total less than $150. It’s free for orders above $150. Orders are prepared in-store and stored until they’re ready to be picked up. “Many of our customers have embraced Weis Online Shopping, which offers our customers the best of both worlds: the in-store shopping experience with online, time-saving convenience,” said Richard Gunn, Weis Markets’ senior vice president of marketing and merchandising, in a company release. The model has caught on with other major companies that have a hand in the market. Amazon announced two grocery pickup locations in March, while Wal-Mart acquired online retailer Jet for $3.3 billion last year to boost its online business. Wal-Mart, the world’s largest retailer, according to the National Retail Federation, has focused on expanding its grocery pickup service in recent years. Weis’ online service is available in 37 locations across Pennsylvania, Maryland, New Jersey and New York. Customers can use the Martin Street store service at Weis’ Online Shopping website. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 months ago State College prayer service for police officers and peace 3:01 10 months ago State College prayer service for police officers and peace 4:07 a year ago Army Vet Vince Reynolds receives new patio from Heroscape 0:16 a year ago Video: Dog rescued from sinkhole View More Video State College Apple Hill Antiques celebrates 20th anniversary State College restaurant announces opening date Hobby shop to close in College Township New farm winery proposed for Boalsburg Centre Gives to kick off Tuesday State College Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go - HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 Eurovision 2017 Religion UL Video Home»Breaking News»business Disappointing retail earnings drag US stocks lower Thursday, May 11, 2017 - 10:27 pm Disappointing quarterly results from Macy's, Kohl's and other big department store chains put investors in a selling mood, sending US stocks lower. Stocks in the consumer discretionary sector, which includes many retailers, slumped the most. Macy's plunged 14%. Kohl's, Dillard's and Nordstrom also fell sharply. Banks and real estate companies were also big decliners. Consumer goods, health care and utilities stocks eked out small gains. Three stocks fell for every two that rose on the New York Stock Exchange. Oil prices rose. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 5.19 points, or 0.2%, to 2,394.44. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 23.69 points, or 0.1%, to 20,919.42. The Nasdaq composite declined 13.18 points, or 0.2%, to 6,115.96, a day after closing at another all-time high. Small company stocks fell more than the rest of the market. The Russell 200 index dropped 9.39 points, or 0.7%, to 1,390.20. Only the Nasdaq is on track to end the week with a gain. The disappointing earnings from retailers set the major stock indexes on a downward trajectory early on Thursday. Macy's tumbled 17% after its results fell short of Wall Street's forecasts. The stock was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding 4.99 dollars to 24.35 dollars. Dillard's and Kohl's reported revenue that was below what analysts were expecting. Dillard's slumped 10.13 dollars, or 17.5%, to 47.77 dollars. Kohl's fell 3.16 dollars, or 7.8%, to 37.16 dollars. Shares in Nordstrom also declined, sliding 3.80 dollars, or 7.6%, to 46.21 dollars. The department store chain reported its results after the close of regular trading. J C Penney is due to report quarterly results on Friday. Wal-Mart Stores, Target, Home Depot and other big retailers do so next week. Despite the sluggish results from some department store chains, corporate results for the first three months of the year have been mostly positive. With about 89% of companies in the S&P 500 index having reported results so far, 51% have turned in better-than-expected earnings and revenue, according to CFRA Research. Technology, financials and materials companies have posted the biggest earnings growth. The parent company of Snapchat was also among the big movers. Snap plunged 21.5% a day after it reported a huge loss. The stock slid 4.93 dollars to 18.05 dollars. In currency trading, the dollar fell to 113.84 yen from 114.33 yen on Wednesday. The euro strengthened to 1.0863 dollars from 1.0862 dollars. Major stock indexes in Europe closed mostly lower. Germany's DAX fell 0.4%, while France's CAC 40 edged down 0.3%. Britain's FTSE shed early gains to end flat. In Asia, indexes notched gains. Japan's Nikkei 225 rose 0.3%, while South Korea's Kospi jumped 1.2%. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index added 0.4%. AP READ MORE Visit the section home page here Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section 250 new jobs announced in Dublin RBS defends pay award to CEO of 175% of his salary as 'showing restraint' Mark Carney warns of 'challenging time for British households' as interest rates kept at 0.25% Netflix announces 400 new jobs in Europe Today's Stories No delay in Cork-US flights despite Boeing snag Tech firms announce 200 jobs for Cork and Dublin Fáilte Ireland: Room shortage threatens Dublin tourism The big question on pay is: Can we afford it? Lifestyle Meet the people who live on Ireland's waterways Ask Audrey: My sexy wife has offered to dress as Jean Byrne and read the weather Ian Dury was a one of a kind talent Spoiling tactics are no good for kids in long run More From The Irish Examiner This wheelchair user walking to collect his Masters degrees will inspire you You'll never be having as bad a day as this bear stuck at the top of a tree Apparently Sean Spicer hid among some bushes to avoid questions from the press Trump claims he invented the phrase 'prime the pump', the internet begs to differ This has to be the most unique place to grab a coffee in Dublin Irish parents made this kind gesture to passengers on a flight to the US Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Marvel Heroes Omega out May 23 Report: HMD Global halts Nokia pre-orders Lotto Results Wednesday, May 10, 2017 7 8 19 29 36 47 17 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories First Eurovision semi-final is over - there is outrage at some of the results Here’s how people reacted to the Hozier and Saoirse Ronan news Coronation Street's Sarah struggles to save Bethany from sexual exploitation Sex abuse victim: ‘Survivors need to know they will be believed’ Indignation over Stephen Fry’s alleged blasphemy coming from one side Mystery surrounds 'missing' antique fountain in Cork Fears over rise in meningitis cases in Cork and Kerry Man charged with sexually assaulting girl found dead in Limerick prison cell Kerry Airport starts talks on routes Man makes emotional appeal for information about missing brother in Cork NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month WORLD Grants an unspoken joke in the Greatest Amateur Association in the World BUSINESS No delay in Cork-US flights despite Boeing snag Tech firms announce 200 jobs for Cork and Dublin SPORT Paying managers could have a big impact on fixtures list Wayne Pivac would have loved another shot at Munster LIFESTYLE The new beauty trend for the season ahead is the undone look Irish men discover the benefits of dancing     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Movies & TV Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Local Weather Traffic Closings National News Video Blogs Sports Phillies High School Eagles Flyers Sixers Blogs National Sports Video Business Entertainment News & Gossip Music Lifestyle Features / People Blogs Blogtown Food Obituaries Opinion Our say Sound off Letters to the Editor Columnists Blogs Blogs Staff Blogs Community Blogs Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Classifieds Public Notices Tools Contact Us Advertise with Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Order Photo Reprints Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription E-Paper Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education GasBuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â Movies & TV Mother’s Day Gift Guide: Here’s a quick look at some titles that would make great gifts for mom COURTESY PHOTO By Amy Longsdorf, For Digital First Media Posted: 05/11/17, 11:05 AM EDT | Updated: 54 secs ago # Comments CHECK OUR FACEBOOK PAGE If you need a last minute Mother’s Day present, why not give the gift that keeps on giving and pick up a DVD or Blu-ray she can watch over and over again? Should your mom be a movie or TV fanatic, you’re in luck this year because there’s a handful of exciting new releases which run the gamut from cutting-edge TV series to extras-laden Blu-ray special editions to fresh remakes of time-honored classics. Here’s a look at a dozen entries that would make great gifts for Mom: SERIAL MOM - COLLECTOR’S EDITION (1994, Shout Factory, unrated, $30): John Waters’ black comedy has good fun with the premise of a homicidal homemaker (Kathleen Turner) who takes revenge on anyone who slights her spouse (Sam Waterston) and kids (Ricki Lake, Matthew Lillard). She begins by offing her daughter’s unfaithful boyfriend and moves on to a woman (Patricia Hearst) with the audacity to wear white after labor day. More like a series of sketches than a movie, “Serial Mom” grows redundant as it goes along. Still, Turner is terrific as a woman whose weapon of choice is a leg of lamb. Great special features with Waters and Turner too. Advertisement DIVORCE - THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON (2016, HBO, unrated, $20): For her return to HBO, Sarah Jessica Parker stars in an offbeat, and occasionally very dark, series about a splintering marriage. After an affair with a local professor (Jemaine Clement), Parker works up the courage to tell her husband (Thomas Haden Church) that she wants out, or as she says, “I want to save my life while I still care about it.” Parker and Church occasionally seem like they’re in different shows but, to its credit, “Divorce” doesn’t pull any punches. It also gets better as it goes along, finding bitter laughs in the saga of fiftysomethings coming apart at the seams. TAMPOPO (1985, Criterion, unrated, $30): Here’s a flick which deserves a spot on the list of the world’s most mouth-watering food movies. Japanese filmmaker Juzo Itami follows the efforts of a band of culinary ronin to help transform a noodle-shop-running widow (Nobuko Miyamoto) into a gastronomical goddess. One of the most charming aspects of the movie is the attention Itami pays to a bevy of unrelated subplots, including ones about a suave, food-obsessed gangster and an elderly pick-pocket who wants to savor one more dumpling before being carted off to prison. PEYTON PLACE 1957, Twilight Time, unrated, $30): It’s got a lot of terrific twists and turns but it is a soap opera, after all. So, will your mom respond to this glossy adaption of Grace Metalious’ scandalous bestseller about the sordid private lives of small-town New Englanders? You bet she will! Now on Blu-ray, the splendid-looking sudser revolves around the secret and lies of two families: an uptight but well-to-do widow (Lana Turner) and her high-school senior daughter (Diana Varsi), and Turner’s maid (Betty Field), husband (Arthur Kennedy) and daughter (Hope Lange). “Peyton Place” is heaps of guilty-pleasure fun but it also manages to impart a message about the dangers of being bigoted and judgmental. WITNESS FOR THE PROSECUTION (2016, Acorn, unrated, $35): Long before M. Night Shyamalan perfected the art of the twist ending, Agatha Christie was dishing out beautifully crafted mysteries which frequently pulled the rug out from under viewers. Such is the case with this resonant mystery starring Toby Jones as a defense attorney who agrees to represent a former solider (Billy Howle) accused of murdering a wealthy heiress (Kim Cattrall.) Andrea Riseborough digs into the role of Howle’s actress-girlfriend with such relish that she almost makes you forget how good Marlene Dietrich was in the Billy Wilder adaptation. “Witness” remains a thriller capable of delivering gasp-inducing surprises. TWO FOR THE ROAD (1964, Twilight Time, unrated, $30): Stanley Donen’s dramedy might examine a marriage under siege but thanks to the charming turns by Albert Finney and Audrey Hepburn as well as the sparkling Henry Mancini score, the end result is a picture of undeniable charm. Bickering couple Hepburn and Finney take a vacation to try and work things out. In the process, they flashback to other trips, including the one on which they first met and fell in love. The new-to-Blu-ray “Two For The Road” covers familiar ground yet it bristles with charged emotion. You can’t take your eyes off of it. A MATTER OF TIME (2016, First Run, unrated, $25): A few years ago, singer/songwriter Kathryn Calder passed up the chance to tour with the New Pornographers so she could go home and care for her mother who was in the final stages of her battle with ALS. While serving as a care-giver, Calder wrote and recorded her first solo album. A benefit concert for ALS research bookends the doc, which includes candid chats with Calder and her New Pornographer bandmates. In the end, “A Matter of Time” is a moving portrait of the bond between a mother and a daughter. WOMAN IN WHITE (1948, Warner Archive, unrated, $20): If your mom is a fan of mysteries, she’ll love this adaptation of Wilkie Collins’ melodrama about betrayal, murder and inheritance windfalls. Eleanor Parker, in dual roles, anchors the fun. In the end, “Woman in White” is a grabber blessed with a rogue’s gallery of wicked figures including Sydney Greenstreet as a sinister bon vivant, Agnes Moorehead as his long-suffering wife, and John Abbott as the hypochondriac heir to a family fortune. BEACHES (2016, Lionsgate, unrated, $15): Available exclusively at Walmart, this Lifetime TV remake of the classic Bette Midler/Barbara Hershey flick from 1988 is better than it has any right to be. It helps that director Allison Anders’ keeps the action moving along at a good clip; accentuates the bond between life-long pals CC (Idina Menzel) and Hillary (Nia Long); and gives Menzel the chance to belt out some tunes, including “Wind Beneath My Wings” and “Glory of Love.” Was a “Beaches” update really necessary? Probably not. But movies about the friendship between women are so rare these days, that this entry winds up feeling like a sweat treat. AMERICAN EXPERIENCE: RACHEL CARSON (2016, PBS, unrated, $14): In an era when scientists are under siege, this riveting doc about the groundbreaking environmentalist scores extra credit points for being so timely. Carson, a Pennsylvania native whose book “Silent Spring” exposed the long-term damage of pesticides like DDT, is almost single-handedly responsible for inspiring the modern environmental movement. The film explores Carson’s formative years and details how, through her work as a marine biologist, she came to understand just how fragile life on planet earth could be. If your mom has gone green, she’ll find much to enjoy about this engrossing documentary. FLAMINGO ROAD (1947, Warner Archive, unrated, $20): Two years after winning an Oscar for “Mildred Pierce,” Joan Crawford reteamed with director Michael Curtiz and leading man Zachary Scott for another potboiler bubbling over with betrayal, corruption and murder. This time around, Crawford plays a carnival dancer who decides to go respectable with help from a weak-willed lawman (Scott). But her presence in town raises the hackles of a sleazy sheriff (Sydney Greenstreet) grooming Scott for a career in politics. There’s never a dull moment as Crawford and Greenstreet face-off. The big surprise is how beautifully Curtiz photographs the action, draping the drama in smoke and shadows. BUENA VISTA SOCIAL CLUB (1999, Criterion, unrated, $30): Some of Cuba’s best – and most forgotten – talents tell their stories in this lovely documentary from Wim Wenders. Shot on the eve of the band’s Carnegie Call concert and in the wake of their album’s surprise success, project coordinator Ry Cooder and key members of the Buena Vista Social Club, including golden-voiced Ibrahim Ferrer and piano player Ruben Gonzalez, discuss the music of Cuba while demonstrating how effortlessly they blend together cha-cha, mambo, bolero and other traditional Latin American styles. Just try sitting still for this delightful documentary. Subscribe to Home Delivery for only $2.50 per week! Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Local News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © Daily Local News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Universal Studios Friday., May 12: Mario, Charissa & Tracey Join us LIVE! » MENU Toggle navigation Extra 2016 Emmy® Winner for Outstanding Entertainment News Program Toggle navigation Sections Browse Popular Categories Celebrity News Extreme Beauty & Plastic Surgery Health & Beauty Hookups and Breakups Movies Television Trending Photos Videos Giveaways At Universal Studios Hollywood Popular Categories Celebrity News Extreme Beauty & Plastic Surgery Health & Beauty Hookups and Breakups Movies Television Trending × Celebrity News May 10, 2017 Tracy Morgan Reveals His Bucket List After Near-Fatal Car Crash Getty “Extra’s” AJ Calloway sat down with Tracy Morgan as he was promoting his Netflix comedy special “Staying Alive.” The special focuses on Morgan’s life after he nearly died in a 2014 car accident that left him with a traumatic brain injury and unable to walk for months. He told AJ, “I’m family with you and I was fighting… I had to stay alive, man.” A year later, Morgan was able to perform his first stand-up comedy show and his outlook on life was forever changed. He said, “I had to fight to get on that stage… I almost died 2 years ago, I got nothing to complain about, I ain’t mad at nobody.” Along with spreading love and taking care of his family, Tracy is hoping to tackle things on his bucket list, like, “Get in shape and go to the top of Mount Everest.” “I’m gonna climb it — I’m not afraid. You get hit by a Walmart truck, you afraid of nothing,” Tracy emphasized. Of his special, he teased, “I wanted to tell my story while it was fresh in my mind, in a funny way… People are gonna laugh when they see it.” Tracy is also hoping to deliver more punch lines on “Saturday Night Live,” which will air its season finale May 20. Will he be on it? He hinted, “Of course, I always go home." “Staying Alive” premieres May 16. #TrendingStories#CelebrityNews#AsSeenOnExtra#TracyMorgan More What Tracy Morgan Learned from His Near-Death Accident Tracy Morgan on Life After 2014 Car Crash Tracy Morgan Gives Health Update and Teases New FX Comedy Show Comments Around the Web More In Celebrity News Getty Television Kelly Clarkson Signs on as ‘The Voice’ Season 14 Coach Getty Celebrity News Another Sign That Joshua Jackson & Diane Kruger Are Definitely Over —… Celebrity News Renee Likes: How to Improve Your Health Getty Celebrity News Paul Walker’s Mom Opens Up About the Day He Died in Heartbreaking New… Celebrity News ‘Extra’ Exclusive: Ryan Seacrest on ‘American Idol’ Rumors Celebrity News Shop Carrie Ann Inaba’s Fashion Collection and Help Raise Money for Animals Getty Celebrity News Kiss 'n' Tell! Kate Hudson Reveals What She Loves About BF Danny Fujikawa Load More Now Trending Now Trending Simon Cowell Says He Has 'No Interest' in Returning 'American Idol' Men in Tears! See the Dramatic New Promo for ‘The Bachelorette’ Kelly Clarkson Signs on as ‘The Voice’ Season 14 Coach New Video! ‘Hollywood Medium’ Tyler Henry Channels Whitney Houston Another Sign That Joshua Jackson & Diane Kruger Are Definitely… Paul Walker’s Mom Opens Up About the Day He Died in Heartbreaking… Kiss 'n' Tell! Kate Hudson Reveals What She Loves About BF Danny… Katy Perry Flaunts Hot Bikini Body in Mexico Artem Chigvintsev & Torrey DeVitto Split 'Extra' Scoop: Jennifer Hudson Joins ‘The Voice’ Season 13! Nigel Lythgoe Weighs In on ‘American Idol’ Return Ryan Seacrest in Early Talks to Return to ‘American Idol’ 'This Is Us' Has Mandy Moore Thinking About Having Kids of Her Own Would Demi Lovato Ever Be a Judge on ‘American Idol’? Shay Mitchell Teases ‘Amazing’ End to ‘Pretty Little Liars’ Daymond John’s Surprising Health Revelation Around the Web The Extra List Sightings Stars at Coachella Photos Celebrity Siblings Check out our gallery of celebrity siblings in honor of National Sibling Day! Where Are They Now 'NeverEnding Story's' Childlike Empress… See Her Now! She played The Childlike Empress in the 1984 film “The NeverEnding Story,” and now Tami Stronach is reflecting on the cult… Cast Reunion 'Fresh Prince' Reunion! See the Cast Today Alfonso Ribeiro spent the afternoon with his “The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air” castmates, sharing the memorable moment on… Special Deliveries Celebrity Baby News Find out which stars recently welcomed babies. Pics! Stars with Adorable Puppies Mario Lopez, Usher and others with adorable pups. "Extra" gets you on the list! Sign up here for exclusive access to all your favorite celebrities and breaking entertainment news! First Name* Last Name* Zip/Postal Code E-mail Address* By clicking “submit”, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use* Sign Up Stay Connected Download Mobile App Subscribe to Newsletter RSS Feed Popular Categories Baby News Beauty by the Numbers Celebs on Social Media Couples News Fashion Giveaways Hot Topics Mansions and Millionaires Movies Plastic Surgery Remembered Star Sightings Television The Extra List Extra About Extra When It’s On Partners Blog Roll Widgets Advertise with Us Contact Us Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Ad Choices © 2017 Telepictures Productions Inc. In partnership with Warner Bros. Entertainment Visit Our Related Sites Crime Watch Daily ellentube The Ellen DeGeneres Show Judge Mathis The People's Court The Real TMZ toofab Newsletter Sign-Up Sign up here for exclusive access to all your favorite celebrities and breaking entertainment news! Sign Up About | Privacy Policy | Terms Ad Choices © 2017 Telepictures Productions Inc. In partnership with Warner Bros. Entertainment
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 67 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER MAY 12, 2017 MAY 12, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAY 12, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 67 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Disappointing retail earnings drag on U.S. stocks By ALEX VEIGA The Associated Press First Published May 11 2017 03:39PM    •    Last Updated May 11 2017 03:39 pm FILE - This Jan. 4, 2010, file photo shows an historic marker on Wall Street in New York. Stocks are off to a weak start on Wall Street, Thursday, May 11, 2017, as banks and technology companies take losses. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) FILE - This Jan. 4, 2010, file photo shows an historic marker on Wall Street in New York. Stocks are off to a weak start on Wall Street, Thursday, May 11, 2017, as banks and technology companies take losses. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) Disappointing quarterly results from Macy's, Kohl's and other big department store chains put investors in a selling mood Thursday, sending U.S. stocks modestly lower. Stocks in the consumer discretionary sector, which includes many retailers, slumped the most. Macy's plunged 14 percent. Kohl's, Dillard's and Nordstrom also fell sharply. "Those retail numbers are weighing on the market," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "Macy's (results) came in well below what the market had expected and that has basically put a cloud over the brick-and-mortar retail across the board." Banks and real estate companies were also big decliners. Consumer goods, health care and utilities stocks eked out small gains. Three stocks fell for every two that rose on the New York Stock Exchange. Oil prices rose. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 5.19 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,394.44. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 23.69 points, or 0.1 percent, to 20,919.42. The Nasdaq composite declined 13.18 points, or 0.2 percent, to 6,115.96, a day after closing at another all-time high. Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market. The Russell 200 index dropped 9.39 points, or 0.7 percent, to 1,390.20. Only the Nasdaq is on track to end the week with a gain. The disappointing earnings from retailers set the major stock indexes on a downward trajectory early on Thursday. Macy's tumbled 17 percent after its results fell short of Wall Street's forecasts. The stock was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $4.99 to $24.35. Dillard's and Kohl's reported revenue that was below what analysts were expecting. Dillard's slumped $10.13, or 17.5 percent, to $47.77. Kohl's fell $3.16, or 7.8 percent, to $37.16. Shares in Nordstrom also declined, sliding $3.80, or 7.6 percent, to $46.21. The department store chain reported its results after the close of regular trading. "It's definitely a discouraging sign, the reports we got from Macy's and Kohl's," said Lindsey Bell, investment strategist at CFRA. "The retailers that are more levered to apparel are going to have a tough quarter." J.C. Penney is due to report quarterly results on Friday. Wal-Mart Stores, Target, Home Depot and other big retailers do so next week. Despite the sluggish results from some department store chains, corporate results for the first three months of the year have been mostly positive. With about 89 percent of companies in the S&P 500 index having reported results so far, 51 percent have turned in better-than-expected earnings and revenue, according to CFRA Research. Technology, financials and materials companies have posted the biggest earnings growth. The parent company of Snapchat was also among the big movers Thursday. Snap plunged 21.5 percent a day after it reported a huge loss. The stock slid $4.93 to $18.05. Investors also sold off shares in Straight Path Communications after a bidding war between AT&T and Verizon Communications to acquire the wireless licenses company ended. Verizon will acquire Straight Path in an all-stock deal valued at about $3.1 billion. Shares in Straight Path gave up $45.68, or 20.4 percent, to $178.11. Verizon fell 36 cents to $46.02. Shares in Interexon surged 20.8 percent after the biotechnology company's quarterly revenue exceeded Wall Street's expectations. The stock gained $4.06 to $23.62. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note slipped to $2.39 percent from 2.41 percent late Wednesday. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Mormon church takes steps away from Boy Scouts of America; does total exodus loom? KUTV anchor Shauna Lake arrested on suspicion of DUI Monson: Many Jazz players love Utah, but ... is Gordon Hayward one of them? NBA Combine: BYU's Eric Mika looks for best path to get better Top BSA leader, who is LDS, hopes Scouting-Mormon marriage lasts, but he's not sure it will ELEVATE 8 inspection pitfalls to avoid when buying a home   An Insider’s Guide to Lava Hot Springs   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Local News Broward News Carjacking suspect's frozen drink leads to his arrest, Coral Springs police say A driver was on a cellphone call inside his 2012 BMW 528i sedan at the Hamptons on Heron Bay apartments in Coral Springs at lunchtime on April 18 when he was approached by 17-year-old Bernell Travaughn Hegwood, according to police. A driver was on a cellphone call inside his 2012 BMW 528i sedan at the Hamptons on Heron Bay apartments in Coral Springs at lunchtime on April 18 when he was approached by 17-year-old Bernell Travaughn Hegwood, according to police. Linda TrischittaContact ReporterSun Sentinel Privacy Policy The carjacking suspect was armed, but it was his frozen drink and its distinctive cup that led detectives to arrest him, police say. A driver was on a cellphone call inside his 2012 BMW 528i sedan at the Hamptons on Heron Bay apartments in Coral Springs at lunchtime on April 18 when he was approached by 17-year-old Bernell Travaughn Hegwood, according to police. Hegwood, of Lauderhill, held an orange-colored, frozen Slurpee-like drink called a Frazil in one hand and knocked on the driver’s window with the other, Coral Springs police said. “The first victim was an incredible witness,” Detective Ernesto Bruna said Thursday. “He was able to describe the cup in great detail.” Caption Check out the Sun-Sentinel's latest news in South Florida Check out the Sun-Sentinel's latest news in South Florida Caption Check out the Sun-Sentinel's latest news in South Florida Check out the Sun-Sentinel's latest news in South Florida Caption Broward County issued an air quality warning late Wednesday afternoon, as high levels of ground-level ozone pollution were detected across South Florida. Broward County issued an air quality warning late Wednesday afternoon, as high levels of ground-level ozone pollution were detected across South Florida. Caption Women leaving Kahuna Bar & Grill in Deerfield Beach were robbed and assaulted by armed young men, the Broward Sheriff's Office says. Women leaving Kahuna Bar & Grill in Deerfield Beach were robbed and assaulted by armed young men, the Broward Sheriff's Office says. Caption A group of political leaders and climate experts gathered to assess the effects of climate change on South Florida’s African-American, Caribbean-American and Hispanic communities. They said concern about climate change is growing. A group of political leaders and climate experts gathered to assess the effects of climate change on South Florida’s African-American, Caribbean-American and Hispanic communities. They said concern about climate change is growing. Caption All lanes of northbound I-75 are shifting again after bridge work in Miramar. All lanes of northbound I-75 are shifting again after bridge work in Miramar. Bruna said Detective Brian Koenig and Detective Dave Young took the driver’s description of the clear plastic cup — with blue lettering, orange contents, an orange or yellow straw and a logo design with circles — to the nearest convenience store, a Shell gas station at 5966 Coral Ridge Drive. It was their first stop, and they found the store sold Frazil cups. The driver identified the cup and a check of surveillance footage showed Hegwood inside the store, buying the drink and walking toward the Hamptons on Heron Bay complex, according to an arrest report. During the attempted carjacking, the driver had shooed Hegwood away when he first approached. But moments later the teen came back, this time holding a black and blue handgun, according to an arrest report. The driver put his car in reverse and got away while calling 911. Three minutes later, police say a woman in a 2014 Mercedes-Benz E250 sedan left a nearby Walmart and stopped at the intersection of 6101 Coral Ridge Drive and Holmberg Road. Hegwood ran into the front of her car and got inside, telling her she hit him and to take him to a hospital, an arrest report said. The woman told him the Mercedes didn’t strike him and warned that she’d call police. But Hegwood pulled a handgun from his waistband and demanded she get out. She did, and police said Hegwood drove off in the luxury car. Both drivers confirmed that Hegwood was the person who approached their cars, according to investigators. On April 20, Fort Lauderdale police arrested Hegwood as he ran from a stolen vehicle that had a black and teal handgun inside. That agency recognized the teen from a “be on the lookout” alert issued by Coral Springs Police. During interviews at the Fort Lauderdale police station, Hegwood told a Coral Springs detective the gas station photos were of him, he had shown the gun to both drivers and confessed to carjacking one driver and trying to take the other motorist’s car, his arrest report said. The Broward state attorney’s office has charged Hegwood as an adult. He is facing charges of carjacking with a firearm and aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. During Hegwood’s magistrate hearing Wednesday, Judge Mardi Levey Cohen ordered him held without bond in a Broward County jail. ljtrischitta@sunsentinel.com, 954-356-4233 or Twitter @LindaTrischitta ALSO www.sunsentinel.com/safety Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Mercedes-Benz BMW All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 76°
Local News Broward News Tamarac is latest South Florida city to OK alcohol sales on Sundays Tamarac on Wednesday night became the latest local government to OK lifting a ban on early Sunday alcohol sales. Fort Lauderdale lifted its Sunday ban in September, citing the benefit to tourism. And Margate did so earlier this year.   Tamarac on Wednesday night became the latest local government to OK lifting a ban on early Sunday alcohol sales. Fort Lauderdale lifted its Sunday ban in September, citing the benefit to tourism. And Margate did so earlier this year.   Sun Sentinel Privacy Policy It’s getting easier to buy booze across South Florida, as cities one by one remove decades-old blue laws that prohibited the sale of liquor on Sundays. Tamarac on Wednesday night became the latest local government to OK lifting a ban on early Sunday alcohol sales. Fort Lauderdale lifted its Sunday ban in September, citing the benefit to tourism. And Margate did so this year. Cities have been loosening the laws to benefit beer-guzzling tailgaters at football games and diners who want a mimosa with brunch. Lisa J. Huriash — The city has become the latest in Broward to loosen its ban on Sunday morning booze sales. Supermarkets and gas stations in Margate are now permitted to sell packaged alcohol starting at 7 a.m. The ban, which had restricted sales until noon, does not affect restaurants or bars. Prohibition-era... — The city has become the latest in Broward to loosen its ban on Sunday morning booze sales. Supermarkets and gas stations in Margate are now permitted to sell packaged alcohol starting at 7 a.m. The ban, which had restricted sales until noon, does not affect restaurants or bars. Prohibition-era... (Lisa J. Huriash) Sweeping away the Sunday restrictions is “better for the community,” said Peggy Mohler, the general manager of the Aruba Beach Cafe in Lauderdale-by-the-Sea, which eliminated its ban in 2011. “People want to go out, they’re on vacation. They want to wake up, [get] a bloody mary or mimosas.” “I think it was a ridiculous rule to begin with,” she said. Among the other governments to no longer prohibit Sunday alcohol sales: Since 2005, stores in unincorporated parts of Palm Beach County have been allowed to cash in on Sunday booze sales after 7 a.m. Boynton Beach changed its laws in 2008. Boca Raton jumped on the booze bandwagon a year later. Delray Beach tossed its blue laws in 2013. Coral Springs followed the next year to make “Sunday like every other day.” Meantime, alcohol rules could be loosened statewide, too. A proposal to remove a Depression-era "wall" separating the sale of liquor in Florida stores was among 17 bills sent Tuesday to Gov. Rick Scott. The heavily-lobbied “liquor wall” measure would repeal a 1934 law that requires liquor stores to be stand-alone facilities. Retailers such as Walmart and Target have pushed for the repeal, which would allow them to sell hard liquor in their stores. The measure has been opposed in recent years by Publix and ABC Fine Wine & Spirits. Owners of small liquor stores have called on Scott to veto the proposal. Scott has until May 24 to sign, veto or allow the bills to become law without his signature. Lisa J. Huriash Soon, you can keep booze on your shopping list or have a mimosa with brunch on Sunday mornings. Commissioners this week gave initial approval to lifting the ban on early morning alcohol sales. The proposed law will allow for sales as early as 7 a.m., instead of the current noon. "It makes Sunday... Soon, you can keep booze on your shopping list or have a mimosa with brunch on Sunday mornings. Commissioners this week gave initial approval to lifting the ban on early morning alcohol sales. The proposed law will allow for sales as early as 7 a.m., instead of the current noon. "It makes Sunday... (Lisa J. Huriash) In Tamarac, the removal of the Sunday sales ban is expected to receive final approval in the coming weeks. The city’s ban, enacted in 1975, had prohibited supermarkets and restaurants from selling alcohol between 2 a.m. and noon Sundays. Under the new plan, alcohol sales will be allowed from 8 a.m. to 2 a.m. each day, and Sundays would be the same as the rules any other day. Hours will be extended to 4 a.m. on New Year's Day and St. Patrick's Day. Tamarac Commissioner Marlon Bolton had objected to the ban’s removal, concerned it could encourage drunken driving on Sundays. “I don’t believe Tamarac is ready for such a law.” But Commissioner Michelle Gomez called it an archaic rule that needed changing. “We are a busy community now,” she said. Information from The News Service of Florida was used to supplement this report. lhuriash@sunsentinel.com, 954-572-2008 or Twitter @LisaHuriash Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Judge's ruling clears way for 152 homes to be built on Tamarac golf course Tamarac Then and Now: A look at city's growth Millions in taxpayer dollars to be spent to save golf courses in Tamarac, Boca Raton All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 76°
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Talon International May 11, 2017 16:15 ET Talon International, Inc. Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - May 11, 2017) -  Talon International, Inc. (OTCQB: TALN), a leading global supplier of zippers, apparel fasteners, trim and stretch technology products, reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. Financial Highlights Overall revenues decreased 1.3 % from the prior year as Trim sales continued to increase while Zipper sales declined. Trim revenues posted a 4.7% increase versus the prior year. Financial Results Revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2017 were $11.1 million, reflecting a decrease of $147,000 or -1.3% as compared to the same period in 2016. Talon Zipper sales were $476,000 lower than the same period in 2016 due to decreased sales to mass merchandising brand customers and specialty retail brands customers. Talon Trim products, which consist primarily of sales to specialty retail branded customers, increased by $329,000 compared to the same period in 2016, mainly due to new stretch technology programs and customers. "Our year-over-year increase in the Trim business was a highlight this quarter, as we gained traction with customers and products," stated Larry Dyne, Talon's Chief Executive Officer. "As we focus on offering Fit for Purpose Zipper products to the market, we held two significant zipper marketing events in the first quarter, building awareness of Talon's influential history and current breadth of zipper offerings. As we look ahead to the remainder of 2017, our team will continue its customer-centric approach as we focus our sales efforts on those manufacturers and retailers who meet our standards of profitability and product innovation." Gross profit for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $4.1 million, or 36.8% of sales, compared to $4.2 million, or 37.0% of sales, in the first quarter of 2016. The gross profit decrease is largely attributable to an inventory write down of certain zipper stock and a change in product mix, offset by lower freight and duty costs and higher sales volumes for Talon Trim products. Operating expenses for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 were essentially flat from the prior year at $3.9 million. Sales and marketing expenses totaled $1.6 million, an increase of $105,000 as compared to the same period in 2016, mainly due to additional compensation costs, increased travel and entertainment expenses and additional administrative costs, offset by reduced facilities and related expenses. General and administrative expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2017 totaled $2.3 million, or 20.7% of sales, compared to the prior year of $2.4 million, or 21.6% of sales. Expenses were lower by $127,000 compared to the same period in 2016, mainly due to reduced professional and legal costs, offset by additional IT support costs. Income before income taxes for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $28,000 compared to $85,000 for the same period in 2016. Net income for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $5,500 or $0.00 per share as compared to $49,000 or $0.00 per share for the quarter ended March 31, 2016.  About Talon International, Inc. Talon International, Inc. is a major supplier of custom zippers and complete trim solutions including Tekfit® stretch technology products to manufacturers of fashion apparel, specialty retailers, mass merchandisers, brand licensees and major retailers worldwide. Talon develops, manufactures and distributes custom zippers exclusively under its Talon® brand ("The World's Original Zipper Since 1893"); designs, develops, manufactures, and distributes complete apparel trim solutions and products including stretch technology products for specialty waistbands, shirt collars, and other items all under its trademark and world renowned brands, Talon® and Tekfit® to major apparel brands and retailers. Leading retailers worldwide recognize and use Talon products including VF Corporation, American Eagle, Abercrombie and Fitch, Polo Ralph Lauren, Kohl's, JC Penney, FatFace, Victoria's Secret, Wal-Mart, Phillips-Van Heusen, Levi Strauss & Co., Express and many others. The company is headquartered in the greater Los Angeles area, and has offices and facilities throughout the United States, United Kingdom, Hong Kong, China, India, Indonesia and Bangladesh. Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the Company's views on market growth, changing trends in apparel retailing, new product introductions, expansion into new geographic markets, and the Company's ability to execute on its sales strategies, and are generally identified by phrases such as "thinks," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," and similar words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are inherently subject to uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statement. These statements are based upon, among other things, assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management, including management's own knowledge and assessment of the Company's industry, competition and capital requirements. These and other risks are more fully described in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the Company's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which should be read in conjunction herewith for a further discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.     TALON INTERNATIONAL, INC.   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   (Unaudited)       Three Months Ended   March 31,       2017   2016   Net sales   $ 11,117,534   $ 11,264,632   Cost of goods sold     7,029,158     7,100,373     Gross profit     4,088,376     4,164,259   Sales and marketing expenses     1,607,566     1,502,886   General and administrative expenses     2,298,951     2,425,958     Total operating expenses     3,906,517     3,928,844                   Income from operations     181,859     235,415   Interest expense, net     153,926     150,647   Income before provision for income taxes     27,933     84,768   Provision for income taxes     22,395     35,651   Net income   $ 5,538   $ 49,117                   Basic and diluted net income per share   $ 0.00   $ 0.00   Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - Basic     92,274,255     92,267,831   Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - Diluted     92,931,260     93,473,691                   Net income   $ 5,538   $ 49,117                   Other comprehensive income (loss) from foreign currency translation     1,942     (498 ) Total comprehensive income   $ 7,480   $ 48,619                                   TALON INTERNATIONAL, INC.   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS       March 31,     December 31,   2017     2016       (Unaudited)         Assets                 Current assets:                   Cash and cash equivalents   $ 2,653,868     $ 4,913,577     Accounts receivable, net     5,361,852       4,315,608     Inventories, net     629,268       500,482     Prepaid expenses and other current assets     902,818       702,906   Total current assets     9,547,806       10,432,573                     Property and equipment, net     857,141       884,208   Intangible assets, net     4,263,325       4,266,596   Deferred income tax assets, net     5,188,952       5,224,018   Other assets     400,442       347,638   Total assets   $ 20,257,666     $ 21,155,033                     Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity                 Current liabilities:                   Accounts payable   $ 6,240,166     $ 6,378,896     Accrued expenses     2,142,014       2,972,689     Current portion of revolving line of credit from related party     75,000       -     Current portion of capital lease obligations     24,224       23,749   Total current liabilities     8,481,404       9,375,334                     Revolving line of credit from related party, net of current portion, discounts and deferred financing costs     3,992,755       4,041,345   Capital lease obligations, net of current portion     30,798       37,035   Deferred income tax liabilities     3,043       3,037   Other liabilities     228,291       236,088   Total liabilities     12,736,291       13,692,839                                       Stockholders' Equity:                   Common Stock, $0.001 par value, 300,000,000 shares authorized; 92,274,255 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016     92,274       92,274   Additional paid-in capital     65,092,133       65,040,432   Accumulated deficit     (57,738,366 )     (57,743,904 )   Accumulated other comprehensive income     75,334       73,392     Total stockholders' equity     7,521,375       7,462,194     Total liabilities and stockholders' equity   $ 20,257,666     $ 21,155,033   Contact Information Contact: Talon International, Inc. Rayna Hernandez Tel (818) 444-4128 Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Talon International From this industry Financial Services Lifestyle and Leisure Manufacturing and Production Retail From this sub-industry Commercial and Investment Banking Investment Services and Trading Personal Finance Venture Capital Fashion Textiles Apparel See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Friday, May 12, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Stock Market Retailers lead U.S. stocks indexes lower ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on May 11, 2017 | Updated 5:25 p. m. Wall Street took a hit today as some retailers reported disappointing results. ASSOCIATED PRESS THE BLADE Buy This Image Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print THE BLADE Enlarge | Buy This Image Disappointing quarterly results from Macy’s, Kohl’s and other big department store chains put investors in a selling mood Thursday, sending U.S. stocks modestly lower. Stocks in the consumer discretionary sector, which includes many retailers, slumped the most. Macy’s plunged 14 percent. Kohl’s, Dillard’s and Nordstrom also fell sharply. “Those retail numbers are weighing on the market,” said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. “Macy’s (results) came in well below what the market had expected and that has basically put a cloud over the brick-and-mortar retail across the board.” Banks and real estate companies were also big decliners. Consumer goods, health care and utilities stocks eked out small gains. Three stocks fell for every two that rose on the New York Stock Exchange. Oil prices rose. RELATED: Searchable stock index The Standard & Poor’s 500 index fell 5.19 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,394.44. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 23.69 points, or 0.1 percent, to 20,919.42. The Nasdaq composite declined 13.18 points, or 0.2 percent, to 6,115.96, a day after closing at another all-time high. Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market. The Russell 200 index dropped 9.39 points, or 0.7 percent, to 1,390.20. Only the Nasdaq is on track to end the week with a gain. The disappointing earnings from retailers set the major stock indexes on a downward trajectory early on Thursday. Macy’s tumbled 17 percent after its results fell short of Wall Street’s forecasts. The stock was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $4.99 to $24.35. Dillard’s and Kohl’s reported revenue that was below what analysts were expecting. Dillard’s slumped $10.13, or 17.5 percent, to $47.77. Kohl’s fell $3.16, or 7.8 percent, to $37.16. Shares in Nordstrom also declined, sliding $3.80, or 7.6 percent, to $46.21. The department store chain reported its results after the close of regular trading. “It’s definitely a discouraging sign, the reports we got from Macy’s and Kohl’s,” said Lindsey Bell, investment strategist at CFRA. “The retailers that are more levered to apparel are going to have a tough quarter.” J.C. Penney is due to report quarterly results on Friday. Wal-Mart Stores, Target, Home Depot and other big retailers do so next week. Despite the sluggish results from some department store chains, corporate results for the first three months of the year have been mostly positive. With about 89 percent of companies in the S&P 500 index having reported results so far, 51 percent have turned in better-than-expected earnings and revenue, according to CFRA Research. Technology, financials and materials companies have posted the biggest earnings growth. The parent company of Snapchat was also among the big movers Thursday. Snap plunged 21.5 percent a day after it reported a huge loss. The stock slid $4.93 to $18.05. Investors also sold off shares in Straight Path Communications after a bidding war between AT&T and Verizon Communications to acquire the wireless licenses company ended. Verizon will acquire Straight Path in an all-stock deal valued at about $3.1 billion. Shares in Straight Path gave up $45.68, or 20.4 percent, to $178.11. Verizon fell 36 cents to $46.02. Shares in Interexon surged 20.8 percent after the biotechnology company’s quarterly revenue exceeded Wall Street’s expectations. The stock gained $4.06 to $23.62. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note slipped to $2.39 percent from 2.41 percent late Wednesday. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 50 cents, or 1.1 percent, to settle at $47.83 per barrel in New York after surging $1.45 on Wednesday. Brent crude, the international standard, added 55 cents, or 1.1 percent, to close at $50.77 per barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.56 a gallon. Heating oil added 1 cent to $1.49 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 8 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $3.38 per 1,000 cubic feet. Among metals, gold inched up $5.30 to settle at $1,224.20 an ounce. Silver rose 6 cents to $16.21 an ounce. Copper gained a penny to $2.50 a pound. In currency trading, the dollar fell to 113.84 yen from 114.33 yen on Wednesday. The euro strengthened to $1.0863 from $1.0862. Major stock indexes in Europe closed mostly lower. Germany’s DAX fell 0.4 percent, while France’s CAC 40 edged down 0.3 percent. Britain’s FTSE shed early gains to end flat. In Asia, indexes notched gains. Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 percent, while South Korea’s Kospi jumped 1.2 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index added 0.4 percent. Related Items Macy's Inc , Snap Inc , stock market Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Talon International, Inc. Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results LOS ANGELES, CA–(Marketwired – May 11, 2017) –  Talon International, Inc. (OTCQB: TALN), a leading global supplier of zippers, apparel fasteners, trim and stretch technology products, reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. Financial Highlights Overall revenues decreased 1.3 % from the prior year as Trim sales continued to increase while Zipper sales declined. Trim revenues posted a 4.7% increase versus the prior year. Financial Results Revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2017 were $11.1 million, reflecting a decrease of $147,000 or -1.3% as compared to the same period in 2016. Talon Zipper sales were $476,000 lower than the same period in 2016 due to decreased sales to mass merchandising brand customers and specialty retail brands customers. Talon Trim products, which consist primarily of sales to specialty retail branded customers, increased by $329,000 compared to the same period in 2016, mainly due to new stretch technology programs and customers. „Our year-over-year increase in the Trim business was a highlight this quarter, as we gained traction with customers and products,” stated Larry Dyne, Talon’s Chief Executive Officer. „As we focus on offering Fit for Purpose Zipper products to the market, we held two significant zipper marketing events in the first quarter, building awareness of Talon’s influential history and current breadth of zipper offerings. As we look ahead to the remainder of 2017, our team will continue its customer-centric approach as we focus our sales efforts on those manufacturers and retailers who meet our standards of profitability and product innovation.” Gross profit for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $4.1 million, or 36.8% of sales, compared to $4.2 million, or 37.0% of sales, in the first quarter of 2016. The gross profit decrease is largely attributable to an inventory write down of certain zipper stock and a change in product mix, offset by lower freight and duty costs and higher sales volumes for Talon Trim products. Operating expenses for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 were essentially flat from the prior year at $3.9 million. Sales and marketing expenses totaled $1.6 million, an increase of $105,000 as compared to the same period in 2016, mainly due to additional compensation costs, increased travel and entertainment expenses and additional administrative costs, offset by reduced facilities and related expenses. General and administrative expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2017 totaled $2.3 million, or 20.7% of sales, compared to the prior year of $2.4 million, or 21.6% of sales. Expenses were lower by $127,000 compared to the same period in 2016, mainly due to reduced professional and legal costs, offset by additional IT support costs. Income before income taxes for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $28,000 compared to $85,000 for the same period in 2016. Net income for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $5,500 or $0.00 per share as compared to $49,000 or $0.00 per share for the quarter ended March 31, 2016.  About Talon International, Inc. Talon International, Inc. is a major supplier of custom zippers and complete trim solutions including Tekfit® stretch technology products to manufacturers of fashion apparel, specialty retailers, mass merchandisers, brand licensees and major retailers worldwide. Talon develops, manufactures and distributes custom zippers exclusively under its Talon® brand („The World’s Original Zipper Since 1893”); designs, develops, manufactures, and distributes complete apparel trim solutions and products including stretch technology products for specialty waistbands, shirt collars, and other items all under its trademark and world renowned brands, Talon® and Tekfit® to major apparel brands and retailers. Leading retailers worldwide recognize and use Talon products including VF Corporation, American Eagle, Abercrombie and Fitch, Polo Ralph Lauren, Kohl’s, JC Penney, FatFace, Victoria’s Secret, Wal-Mart, Phillips-Van Heusen, Levi Strauss & Co., Express and many others. The company is headquartered in the greater Los Angeles area, and has offices and facilities throughout the United States, United Kingdom, Hong Kong, China, India, Indonesia and Bangladesh. Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the Company’s views on market growth, changing trends in apparel retailing, new product introductions, expansion into new geographic markets, and the Company’s ability to execute on its sales strategies, and are generally identified by phrases such as „thinks,” „anticipates,” „believes,” „estimates,” „expects,” „intends,” „plans,” and similar words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are inherently subject to uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statement. These statements are based upon, among other things, assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management, including management’s own knowledge and assessment of the Company’s industry, competition and capital requirements. These and other risks are more fully described in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the Company’s most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which should be read in conjunction herewith for a further discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.     TALON INTERNATIONAL, INC.   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   (Unaudited)       Three Months Ended   March 31,       2017   2016   Net sales   $ 11,117,534   $ 11,264,632   Cost of goods sold     7,029,158     7,100,373     Gross profit     4,088,376     4,164,259   Sales and marketing expenses     1,607,566     1,502,886   General and administrative expenses     2,298,951     2,425,958     Total operating expenses     3,906,517     3,928,844                   Income from operations     181,859     235,415   Interest expense, net     153,926     150,647   Income before provision for income taxes     27,933     84,768   Provision for income taxes     22,395     35,651   Net income   $ 5,538   $ 49,117                   Basic and diluted net income per share   $ 0.00   $ 0.00   Weighted average number of common shares outstanding – Basic     92,274,255     92,267,831   Weighted average number of common shares outstanding – Diluted     92,931,260     93,473,691                   Net income   $ 5,538   $ 49,117                   Other comprehensive income (loss) from foreign currency translation     1,942     (498 ) Total comprehensive income   $ 7,480   $ 48,619                                   TALON INTERNATIONAL, INC.   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS       March 31,     December 31,   2017     2016       (Unaudited)         Assets                 Current assets:                   Cash and cash equivalents   $ 2,653,868     $ 4,913,577     Accounts receivable, net     5,361,852       4,315,608     Inventories, net     629,268       500,482     Prepaid expenses and other current assets     902,818       702,906   Total current assets     9,547,806       10,432,573                     Property and equipment, net     857,141       884,208   Intangible assets, net     4,263,325       4,266,596   Deferred income tax assets, net     5,188,952       5,224,018   Other assets     400,442       347,638   Total assets   $ 20,257,666     $ 21,155,033                     Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity                 Current liabilities:                   Accounts payable   $ 6,240,166     $ 6,378,896     Accrued expenses     2,142,014       2,972,689     Current portion of revolving line of credit from related party     75,000       –     Current portion of capital lease obligations     24,224       23,749   Total current liabilities     8,481,404       9,375,334                     Revolving line of credit from related party, net of current portion, discounts and deferred financing costs     3,992,755       4,041,345   Capital lease obligations, net of current portion     30,798       37,035   Deferred income tax liabilities     3,043       3,037   Other liabilities     228,291       236,088   Total liabilities     12,736,291       13,692,839                                       Stockholders’ Equity:                   Common Stock, $0.001 par value, 300,000,000 shares authorized; 92,274,255 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016     92,274       92,274   Additional paid-in capital     65,092,133       65,040,432   Accumulated deficit     (57,738,366 )     (57,743,904 )   Accumulated other comprehensive income     75,334       73,392     Total stockholders’ equity     7,521,375       7,462,194     Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   $ 20,257,666     $ 21,155,033   CategoriesUncategorized TagsOTCQB:TALN Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asbestos Shoes Market 2022: Top Companies, Regional Growth Overview and Growth Factors Details by Regions, Types & Applications Next PostNext Smart Real Estate Investment Trust Announces Voting Results From Annual Meeting of Holders of Units and Special Voting Units Search Recent Posts TeamTalk puts off CityLink fibre capex in deals TeamTalk puts off CityLink fibre capex in deals NZ median house price eases in April, number of sales tumble NZ median house price eases in April, number of sales tumble Readout of Meeting Between U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Israeli Justice Minister Shaked RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Smart Real Estate Investment Trust Announces Voting Results From Annual Meeting of Holders of Units and Special Voting Units TORONTO, ONTARIO–(Marketwired – May 11, 2017) – Smart Real Estate Investment Trust („SmartREIT” or the „REIT”) (TSX:SRU.UN) announced today the voting results from its Annual General and Special Meeting of the Holders of Units and Special Voting Units (the „Meeting”) held today in Toronto, Ontario. The total number of Units and Special Voting Units of SmartREIT („Units” and „SVUs”, respectively) represented by holders of Units and SVUs (collectively, „Unitholders”) that voted in connection with the Meeting was 69,553,623 Units and 31,096,883 SVUs, representing in total 62.28% of SmartREIT’s issued and outstanding Units and SVUs. At the Meeting, Unitholders voted in favour of all items of business, including the election of each of the five trustee nominees proposed by management. The voting results for the election of trustees based on the Units and SVUs represented at the Meeting by proxies held by management were as follows: # Votes For % Votes For # Votes Withheld % Votes Withheld Huw Thomas 98,048,278 97.44 % 2,573,749 2.56 % Jamie McVicar 94,235,433 93.65 % 6,386,594 6.35 % Kevin Pshebniski 98,618,132 98.01 % 2,003,895 1.99 % Michael Young 95,684,657 95.09 % 4,937,370 4.91 % Garry Foster 100,448,091 99.83 % 173,936 0.17 % Certain amendments to the Declaration of Trust of SmartREIT proposed in order to further align the Declaration of Trust with evolving governance best practices, implement an advance notice policy for the nomination of trustees of SmartREIT, clarify certain rights of SmartREIT’s significant Unitholder and update SmartREIT’s operating policies in respect of environmental audits were also overwhelmingly approved by nearly 99% of the votes cast by Unitholders represented at the Meeting. Also notably, 98% of Unitholders represented at the Meeting by proxy voted in favour of accepting SmartREIT’s approach to executive compensation (i.e. say-on-pay), as more particularly set forth in SmartREIT’s Management Information Circular dated April 13, 2017. Detailed voting results for the Meeting are available under SmartREIT’s profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. About SmartREIT SmartREIT is one of Canada’s largest real estate investment trusts with total assets of approximately $8.9 billion. It owns and manages 32 million square feet in value-oriented, principally Walmart-anchored retail centres, having the strongest national and regional retailers as well as strong neighbourhood merchants. In addition, SmartREIT is a joint-venture partner in the Toronto and Montreal Premium Outlets with Simon Property Group. SmartREIT is now expanding the breadth of its portfolio to include residential (condominium and rental), office, and self-storage, either on its large urban properties such as the Vaughan Metropolitan Centre or as an adjunct to its existing shopping centres. SmartREIT’s core vision is to provide a value-oriented shopping experience in all forms to Canadian consumers and to create high quality mixed use developments in urban settings. With SmartREIT’s 2015 acquisition of SmartCentres, SmartREIT has transformed into a fully integrated real estate provider. SmartREIT and SmartCentres have had a long and successful alliance, helping to provide Canadians with value-focused retail shopping centres across the country. Now, the alliance has grown even stronger, the result is a fully integrated real estate provider with expertise in planning, development, leasing, operations and construction – all under one roof. For more information on SmartREIT, visit www.smartreit.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsTSX:SRU.UN Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Talon International, Inc. Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results Next PostNext Avista Corp. Board Declares Common Stock Dividend Search Recent Posts Probiotic Drinks Industry Seeking Growth from Emerging Markets RBNZ sees slower credit growth as lenders compete North America Automotive Valve Stem Seal Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Kombucha Industry : Worldwide Market Trends & Forecasts to 2021 Goodman Property JV to buy central Auckland office building RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home News Opinion Letters Sports Prospecting Roadbeat Essentials Obituaries Real Estate Gallery Classifieds Advertisers Ad Rates 3,986 30 PLACERVILLE, CALIFORNIA El Dorado County sheriff's deputies discuss a fatal shooting that occurred on Forni Road in Placerville Wednesday afternoon as they determine the next course of action. After questioning witnesses, officers decided to make public the name of the suspect. Photo by Adale van Dam News Man shot dead, another sought By Amanda Williams From page A1 | May 12, 2017 FacebookTwitter FacebookTwitter A man was fatally shot on Wednesday in Placerville. El Dorado County sheriff’s deputies were dispatched to the 4400 block of Forni Road on a call of suspicious gunfire at approximately 4:44 p.m. On Thursday afternoon El Dorado County sheriff’s deputies as of press time had a residence on Lindberg Avenue in Placerville surrounded and were trying to coerce a homicide suspect out of the home. The man is wanted for questioning in connection to the death of the as yet unidentified victim has been identified as Travis Eriksen. Eriksen is described as white, 36 years old, standing 6 feet 2 inches and weighing 180 pounds. He is considered “armed and dangerous.” Eriksen also is wanted on a felony, no-bail warrant and for a parole violation, according to sheriff’s officials. Witnesses said they saw someone riding a red motorcycle and wearing a black helmet fleeing the scene right after the shooting. The motorcyclist last was seen heading toward Wal-Mart on Missouri Flat Road. When sheriff’s deputies arrived at the address, they discovered a man lying in the street with apparent multiple gunshot wounds. Emergency personnel rendered aid to the victim but he was pronounced dead at the scene. Sheriff’s officials have not said whether Eriksen and the victim knew one another. Any sightings of Eriksen or those who may have pertinent information about the shooting death and investigation are asked to call the El Dorado County Sheriff’s Office dispatch at (530) 621-6600.       A1Murder El Dorado County sheriff’s deputies discuss a fatal shooting that occurred on Forni Road in Placerville Wednesday afternoon as they determine the next course of action. After questioning witnesses, officers decided to make public the name of the suspect. Photo by Adale van Dam Eriksen-crop copy Travis Eriksen IMG_4006e w California Highway Patrol officers and El Dorado County sheriff’s deputies block the entrance to Lindberg Avenue at Forni Road Thursday. Meanwhile, other officers surrounded a residence on Lindberg Avenue where a suspect was wanted for questioning in connection with a shooting that occurred Wednesday in Placerville. Democrat photo by Shelly Thorene FacebookTwitter Amanda Williams Story Archive Search Recent Posts Breaking: Shooting suspect in custody Wild and Scenic Woodhead fundraiser El Dorado Hills Art, Beer and Wine Festival Oak Ridge hosts Del Oro softball Four D’backs sign Webb signs with UC Merced Sheep Oak Ridge hosts Davis boys lacrosse Outside with Charlie: Bike month Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » Contact Us | Customer Service Subscribe or Renew Print Edition Submission Forms Facebook Page Twitter Feed Village Life, May 10, 2017 Stars and Stripes, May 8, 2017 Home Source, May 5, 2017 Spring Home Improvement 2017 Mountain Democrat Readers’ Choice 2016 Gold Country Wine Destinations 2017 Village Homes, May 3, 2017 Village Life, May 3, 2017 Gold Mine Coupons, May 2017 Cameron Park Life, May 2017 Home Source, April 28, 2017 Stars and Stripes, April 24, 2017 Adventures, Spring/Summer 2017 Divide Women in Business 2017 St. Patrick’s Day Count for Cash 2017 Village Life Readers’ Choice 2016 El Dorado County Visitor’s Guide 2016-17 Women in Business 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Folsom Life Magazine, Fall/Winter 2016 Winter Funtastic 2016 Miracle on Historical Main Street 2016 Leadership El Dorado Adventures, Fall/Winter 2016 El Dorado County Chamber Business Guide 2016 El Dorado County Chamber of Commerce 100th Anniversary Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Talon International, Inc. (TALN: OTCQB) | Talon International, Inc. Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results LOS ANGELES, CA–(Marketwired – May 11, 2017) –  Talon International, Inc. (OTCQB: TALN), a leading global supplier of zippers, apparel fasteners, trim and stretch technology products, reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. Financial Highlights Overall revenues decreased 1.3 % from the prior year as Trim sales continued to increase while Zipper sales declined. Trim revenues posted a 4.7% increase versus the prior year. Financial Results Revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2017 were $11.1 million, reflecting a decrease of $147,000 or -1.3% as compared to the same period in 2016. Talon Zipper sales were $476,000 lower than the same period in 2016 due to decreased sales to mass merchandising brand customers and specialty retail brands customers. Talon Trim products, which consist primarily of sales to specialty retail branded customers, increased by $329,000 compared to the same period in 2016, mainly due to new stretch technology programs and customers. „Our year-over-year increase in the Trim business was a highlight this quarter, as we gained traction with customers and products,” stated Larry Dyne, Talon’s Chief Executive Officer. „As we focus on offering Fit for Purpose Zipper products to the market, we held two significant zipper marketing events in the first quarter, building awareness of Talon’s influential history and current breadth of zipper offerings. As we look ahead to the remainder of 2017, our team will continue its customer-centric approach as we focus our sales efforts on those manufacturers and retailers who meet our standards of profitability and product innovation.” Gross profit for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $4.1 million, or 36.8% of sales, compared to $4.2 million, or 37.0% of sales, in the first quarter of 2016. The gross profit decrease is largely attributable to an inventory write down of certain zipper stock and a change in product mix, offset by lower freight and duty costs and higher sales volumes for Talon Trim products. Operating expenses for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 were essentially flat from the prior year at $3.9 million. Sales and marketing expenses totaled $1.6 million, an increase of $105,000 as compared to the same period in 2016, mainly due to additional compensation costs, increased travel and entertainment expenses and additional administrative costs, offset by reduced facilities and related expenses. General and administrative expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2017 totaled $2.3 million, or 20.7% of sales, compared to the prior year of $2.4 million, or 21.6% of sales. Expenses were lower by $127,000 compared to the same period in 2016, mainly due to reduced professional and legal costs, offset by additional IT support costs. Income before income taxes for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $28,000 compared to $85,000 for the same period in 2016. Net income for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $5,500 or $0.00 per share as compared to $49,000 or $0.00 per share for the quarter ended March 31, 2016.  About Talon International, Inc. Talon International, Inc. is a major supplier of custom zippers and complete trim solutions including Tekfit® stretch technology products to manufacturers of fashion apparel, specialty retailers, mass merchandisers, brand licensees and major retailers worldwide. Talon develops, manufactures and distributes custom zippers exclusively under its Talon® brand („The World’s Original Zipper Since 1893”); designs, develops, manufactures, and distributes complete apparel trim solutions and products including stretch technology products for specialty waistbands, shirt collars, and other items all under its trademark and world renowned brands, Talon® and Tekfit® to major apparel brands and retailers. Leading retailers worldwide recognize and use Talon products including VF Corporation, American Eagle, Abercrombie and Fitch, Polo Ralph Lauren, Kohl’s, JC Penney, FatFace, Victoria’s Secret, Wal-Mart, Phillips-Van Heusen, Levi Strauss & Co., Express and many others. The company is headquartered in the greater Los Angeles area, and has offices and facilities throughout the United States, United Kingdom, Hong Kong, China, India, Indonesia and Bangladesh. Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the Company’s views on market growth, changing trends in apparel retailing, new product introductions, expansion into new geographic markets, and the Company’s ability to execute on its sales strategies, and are generally identified by phrases such as „thinks,” „anticipates,” „believes,” „estimates,” „expects,” „intends,” „plans,” and similar words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are inherently subject to uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statement. These statements are based upon, among other things, assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management, including management’s own knowledge and assessment of the Company’s industry, competition and capital requirements. These and other risks are more fully described in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the Company’s most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which should be read in conjunction herewith for a further discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.     TALON INTERNATIONAL, INC.   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   (Unaudited)       Three Months Ended   March 31,       2017   2016   Net sales   $ 11,117,534   $ 11,264,632   Cost of goods sold     7,029,158     7,100,373     Gross profit     4,088,376     4,164,259   Sales and marketing expenses     1,607,566     1,502,886   General and administrative expenses     2,298,951     2,425,958     Total operating expenses     3,906,517     3,928,844                   Income from operations     181,859     235,415   Interest expense, net     153,926     150,647   Income before provision for income taxes     27,933     84,768   Provision for income taxes     22,395     35,651   Net income   $ 5,538   $ 49,117                   Basic and diluted net income per share   $ 0.00   $ 0.00   Weighted average number of common shares outstanding – Basic     92,274,255     92,267,831   Weighted average number of common shares outstanding – Diluted     92,931,260     93,473,691                   Net income   $ 5,538   $ 49,117                   Other comprehensive income (loss) from foreign currency translation     1,942     (498 ) Total comprehensive income   $ 7,480   $ 48,619                                   TALON INTERNATIONAL, INC.   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS       March 31,     December 31,   2017     2016       (Unaudited)         Assets                 Current assets:                   Cash and cash equivalents   $ 2,653,868     $ 4,913,577     Accounts receivable, net     5,361,852       4,315,608     Inventories, net     629,268       500,482     Prepaid expenses and other current assets     902,818       702,906   Total current assets     9,547,806       10,432,573                     Property and equipment, net     857,141       884,208   Intangible assets, net     4,263,325       4,266,596   Deferred income tax assets, net     5,188,952       5,224,018   Other assets     400,442       347,638   Total assets   $ 20,257,666     $ 21,155,033                     Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity                 Current liabilities:                   Accounts payable   $ 6,240,166     $ 6,378,896     Accrued expenses     2,142,014       2,972,689     Current portion of revolving line of credit from related party     75,000       –     Current portion of capital lease obligations     24,224       23,749   Total current liabilities     8,481,404       9,375,334                     Revolving line of credit from related party, net of current portion, discounts and deferred financing costs     3,992,755       4,041,345   Capital lease obligations, net of current portion     30,798       37,035   Deferred income tax liabilities     3,043       3,037   Other liabilities     228,291       236,088   Total liabilities     12,736,291       13,692,839                                       Stockholders’ Equity:                   Common Stock, $0.001 par value, 300,000,000 shares authorized; 92,274,255 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016     92,274       92,274   Additional paid-in capital     65,092,133       65,040,432   Accumulated deficit     (57,738,366 )     (57,743,904 )   Accumulated other comprehensive income     75,334       73,392     Total stockholders’ equity     7,521,375       7,462,194     Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   $ 20,257,666     $ 21,155,033   Copyright © 2017 Marketwired. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsTalon International, Inc. Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bloomberg Philanthropies Supports the 57th International Art Exhibition of La Biennale di Venezia Next PostNext Wynn Resorts Announces Initial Settlement of Tender Offer and Completion of Private Offering of Wynn Las Vegas 5.25% Senior Notes due 2027 Search Recent Posts Internationale Topdeskundigen Bijeen om de Vele Gezichten van Kanker te Begrijpen CELEBRATE TRAIN DAY AT VINES PARK IMF Staff Concludes Review Mission to Mali By 2018, 17.5 % of All Rural Hospitals will be in an Accountable Care Organization Supported by Caravan Health Orlando Thanks Visitors in a Big way for Making it No. 1 Destination in U.S. RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman ASL Productions – Boutique Content Producer Stays Small, Competes Big ASL Productions – Boutique Content Producer Stays Small, Competes Big ASL Productions is a boutique content production house with headquarters in NYC and locations in LA, South Florida, and New Jersey. ASL productions logo Online PR News – 11-May-2017 – NYC, NY – As the largest ad agencies continue to shrink, ASL Productions, a boutique content production house headquartered in New York City’s West Village, has begun to thrive. Agility, resourcefulness and consistent attention to quality make this small production company stand out in an industry where the democratization of content creation, big-firm bureaucracy, and a trend among companies to create in-house, have increasingly threatened the largest creative agencies. “I realized working on the agency side, that there was demand among large corporations and creative agencies for a fast, reliable, and inexpensive external production vender,” remembers ASL’s executive producer Adam Lebenstein. “Producers at these larger companies have to compete with other verticals for internal resources. I started ASL to serve that demand; to help marginalized teams at large companies create beautiful, impactful content for clients on time and budget constraints, and it’s taken off the last couple years.” While ASL experiences unprecedented growth, their largest competitors see a tough road ahead. Last year, Publicis effected a companywide restructuring and consolidation plan in light of continued struggles following its failure to complete a merger with Omnicom Group Inc. in 2014—struggles exacerbated by a loss of business from Proctor & Gamble, Coca-Cola and Wal-Mart (see Publicis Restructures Media Agencies and Consolidates Ad Buying Power by Suzanne Vranica, wsj.com, 3/9/16). Ogilvy & Mather also announced a plan to consolidate all its brands into a single company this year (see Ogilvy Consolidates All Agencies Under One P&L, by I-Hsien Sherwood and Steve Barrett, prweek.com, 1/27/17), and TBWA/Media Arts Lab experienced layoffs, and a deeper integration with sister company OMD, after longstanding client Apple cut its spending with the agency. Apple has increasingly produced its campaigns in-house (see Global Restructuring at TBWA/Media Art Lab as Apple Shifts Toward Digital, Regional Work by Patrick Coffee, adweek.com, 2/17/17). Having always emphasized the quality of its productions (regardless of project and budget), ASL was poised to benefit from the volatility plaguing industry veterans. And having worked “in the trenches” for years, as Lebenstein puts it, they have taken well to a wide range of projects and styles—from agency-directed commercials, to corporate conference videos, to animations. Digital media trends are attributed with much of the media industry’s disruption, and those trends have likewise contributed to the rise of boutique content producers like ASL. “Lately, the majority of the content we produce ends up online; on social channels,” says Lebenstein. “Our clients, both big and small, love that we can produce television-quality campaigns on tight budgets for social media. We’re in a real sweet-spot.” Visit Our Site CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness/Entertainment/Event/Lifestyle/Multimedia/Music Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Ophthalmics Partnering 2010 – 2017: Deal trends, players and financials Next PostNext Readout of Secretary Mattis’ Meeting with Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım Search Recent Posts Lubrizol Announces Participation in Chinaplas 2017 San Jose CA Metal Roofing & Copper Sheet & Gutter Firm Announce Distributorship Gardner Denver Announces Pricing of its Initial Public Offering Intermountain Precision Genomics Announces Cancer Test That Requires Less DNA Digital Fuel Hires Peter Singh to Lead EMEA Sales Efforts RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Talon International May 11, 2017 16:15 ET Talon International, Inc. Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - May 11, 2017) -  Talon International, Inc. (OTCQB: TALN), a leading global supplier of zippers, apparel fasteners, trim and stretch technology products, reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. Financial Highlights Overall revenues decreased 1.3 % from the prior year as Trim sales continued to increase while Zipper sales declined. Trim revenues posted a 4.7% increase versus the prior year. Financial Results Revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2017 were $11.1 million, reflecting a decrease of $147,000 or -1.3% as compared to the same period in 2016. Talon Zipper sales were $476,000 lower than the same period in 2016 due to decreased sales to mass merchandising brand customers and specialty retail brands customers. Talon Trim products, which consist primarily of sales to specialty retail branded customers, increased by $329,000 compared to the same period in 2016, mainly due to new stretch technology programs and customers. "Our year-over-year increase in the Trim business was a highlight this quarter, as we gained traction with customers and products," stated Larry Dyne, Talon's Chief Executive Officer. "As we focus on offering Fit for Purpose Zipper products to the market, we held two significant zipper marketing events in the first quarter, building awareness of Talon's influential history and current breadth of zipper offerings. As we look ahead to the remainder of 2017, our team will continue its customer-centric approach as we focus our sales efforts on those manufacturers and retailers who meet our standards of profitability and product innovation." Gross profit for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $4.1 million, or 36.8% of sales, compared to $4.2 million, or 37.0% of sales, in the first quarter of 2016. The gross profit decrease is largely attributable to an inventory write down of certain zipper stock and a change in product mix, offset by lower freight and duty costs and higher sales volumes for Talon Trim products. Operating expenses for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 were essentially flat from the prior year at $3.9 million. Sales and marketing expenses totaled $1.6 million, an increase of $105,000 as compared to the same period in 2016, mainly due to additional compensation costs, increased travel and entertainment expenses and additional administrative costs, offset by reduced facilities and related expenses. General and administrative expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2017 totaled $2.3 million, or 20.7% of sales, compared to the prior year of $2.4 million, or 21.6% of sales. Expenses were lower by $127,000 compared to the same period in 2016, mainly due to reduced professional and legal costs, offset by additional IT support costs. Income before income taxes for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $28,000 compared to $85,000 for the same period in 2016. Net income for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $5,500 or $0.00 per share as compared to $49,000 or $0.00 per share for the quarter ended March 31, 2016.  About Talon International, Inc. Talon International, Inc. is a major supplier of custom zippers and complete trim solutions including Tekfit® stretch technology products to manufacturers of fashion apparel, specialty retailers, mass merchandisers, brand licensees and major retailers worldwide. Talon develops, manufactures and distributes custom zippers exclusively under its Talon® brand ("The World's Original Zipper Since 1893"); designs, develops, manufactures, and distributes complete apparel trim solutions and products including stretch technology products for specialty waistbands, shirt collars, and other items all under its trademark and world renowned brands, Talon® and Tekfit® to major apparel brands and retailers. Leading retailers worldwide recognize and use Talon products including VF Corporation, American Eagle, Abercrombie and Fitch, Polo Ralph Lauren, Kohl's, JC Penney, FatFace, Victoria's Secret, Wal-Mart, Phillips-Van Heusen, Levi Strauss & Co., Express and many others. The company is headquartered in the greater Los Angeles area, and has offices and facilities throughout the United States, United Kingdom, Hong Kong, China, India, Indonesia and Bangladesh. Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the Company's views on market growth, changing trends in apparel retailing, new product introductions, expansion into new geographic markets, and the Company's ability to execute on its sales strategies, and are generally identified by phrases such as "thinks," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," and similar words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are inherently subject to uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statement. These statements are based upon, among other things, assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management, including management's own knowledge and assessment of the Company's industry, competition and capital requirements. These and other risks are more fully described in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the Company's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which should be read in conjunction herewith for a further discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.     TALON INTERNATIONAL, INC.   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   (Unaudited)       Three Months Ended   March 31,       2017   2016   Net sales   $ 11,117,534   $ 11,264,632   Cost of goods sold     7,029,158     7,100,373     Gross profit     4,088,376     4,164,259   Sales and marketing expenses     1,607,566     1,502,886   General and administrative expenses     2,298,951     2,425,958     Total operating expenses     3,906,517     3,928,844                   Income from operations     181,859     235,415   Interest expense, net     153,926     150,647   Income before provision for income taxes     27,933     84,768   Provision for income taxes     22,395     35,651   Net income   $ 5,538   $ 49,117                   Basic and diluted net income per share   $ 0.00   $ 0.00   Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - Basic     92,274,255     92,267,831   Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - Diluted     92,931,260     93,473,691                   Net income   $ 5,538   $ 49,117                   Other comprehensive income (loss) from foreign currency translation     1,942     (498 ) Total comprehensive income   $ 7,480   $ 48,619                                   TALON INTERNATIONAL, INC.   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS       March 31,     December 31,   2017     2016       (Unaudited)         Assets                 Current assets:                   Cash and cash equivalents   $ 2,653,868     $ 4,913,577     Accounts receivable, net     5,361,852       4,315,608     Inventories, net     629,268       500,482     Prepaid expenses and other current assets     902,818       702,906   Total current assets     9,547,806       10,432,573                     Property and equipment, net     857,141       884,208   Intangible assets, net     4,263,325       4,266,596   Deferred income tax assets, net     5,188,952       5,224,018   Other assets     400,442       347,638   Total assets   $ 20,257,666     $ 21,155,033                     Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity                 Current liabilities:                   Accounts payable   $ 6,240,166     $ 6,378,896     Accrued expenses     2,142,014       2,972,689     Current portion of revolving line of credit from related party     75,000       -     Current portion of capital lease obligations     24,224       23,749   Total current liabilities     8,481,404       9,375,334                     Revolving line of credit from related party, net of current portion, discounts and deferred financing costs     3,992,755       4,041,345   Capital lease obligations, net of current portion     30,798       37,035   Deferred income tax liabilities     3,043       3,037   Other liabilities     228,291       236,088   Total liabilities     12,736,291       13,692,839                                       Stockholders' Equity:                   Common Stock, $0.001 par value, 300,000,000 shares authorized; 92,274,255 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016     92,274       92,274   Additional paid-in capital     65,092,133       65,040,432   Accumulated deficit     (57,738,366 )     (57,743,904 )   Accumulated other comprehensive income     75,334       73,392     Total stockholders' equity     7,521,375       7,462,194     Total liabilities and stockholders' equity   $ 20,257,666     $ 21,155,033   Contact Information Contact: Talon International, Inc. Rayna Hernandez Tel (818) 444-4128 Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Talon International From this industry Financial Services Lifestyle and Leisure Manufacturing and Production Retail From this sub-industry Commercial and Investment Banking Investment Services and Trading Personal Finance Venture Capital Fashion Textiles Apparel See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share Smart Real Estate Investment Trust TSX : SRU.UN May 11, 2017 16:10 ET Smart Real Estate Investment Trust Announces Voting Results From Annual Meeting of Holders of Units and Special Voting Units TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - May 11, 2017) - Smart Real Estate Investment Trust ("SmartREIT" or the "REIT") (TSX:SRU.UN) announced today the voting results from its Annual General and Special Meeting of the Holders of Units and Special Voting Units (the "Meeting") held today in Toronto, Ontario. The total number of Units and Special Voting Units of SmartREIT ("Units" and "SVUs", respectively) represented by holders of Units and SVUs (collectively, "Unitholders") that voted in connection with the Meeting was 69,553,623 Units and 31,096,883 SVUs, representing in total 62.28% of SmartREIT's issued and outstanding Units and SVUs. At the Meeting, Unitholders voted in favour of all items of business, including the election of each of the five trustee nominees proposed by management. The voting results for the election of trustees based on the Units and SVUs represented at the Meeting by proxies held by management were as follows: # Votes For % Votes For # Votes Withheld % Votes Withheld Huw Thomas 98,048,278 97.44 % 2,573,749 2.56 % Jamie McVicar 94,235,433 93.65 % 6,386,594 6.35 % Kevin Pshebniski 98,618,132 98.01 % 2,003,895 1.99 % Michael Young 95,684,657 95.09 % 4,937,370 4.91 % Garry Foster 100,448,091 99.83 % 173,936 0.17 % Certain amendments to the Declaration of Trust of SmartREIT proposed in order to further align the Declaration of Trust with evolving governance best practices, implement an advance notice policy for the nomination of trustees of SmartREIT, clarify certain rights of SmartREIT's significant Unitholder and update SmartREIT's operating policies in respect of environmental audits were also overwhelmingly approved by nearly 99% of the votes cast by Unitholders represented at the Meeting. Also notably, 98% of Unitholders represented at the Meeting by proxy voted in favour of accepting SmartREIT's approach to executive compensation (i.e. say-on-pay), as more particularly set forth in SmartREIT's Management Information Circular dated April 13, 2017. Detailed voting results for the Meeting are available under SmartREIT's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. About SmartREIT SmartREIT is one of Canada's largest real estate investment trusts with total assets of approximately $8.9 billion. It owns and manages 32 million square feet in value-oriented, principally Walmart-anchored retail centres, having the strongest national and regional retailers as well as strong neighbourhood merchants. In addition, SmartREIT is a joint-venture partner in the Toronto and Montreal Premium Outlets with Simon Property Group. SmartREIT is now expanding the breadth of its portfolio to include residential (condominium and rental), office, and self-storage, either on its large urban properties such as the Vaughan Metropolitan Centre or as an adjunct to its existing shopping centres. SmartREIT's core vision is to provide a value-oriented shopping experience in all forms to Canadian consumers and to create high quality mixed use developments in urban settings. With SmartREIT's 2015 acquisition of SmartCentres, SmartREIT has transformed into a fully integrated real estate provider. SmartREIT and SmartCentres have had a long and successful alliance, helping to provide Canadians with value-focused retail shopping centres across the country. Now, the alliance has grown even stronger, the result is a fully integrated real estate provider with expertise in planning, development, leasing, operations and construction - all under one roof. For more information on SmartREIT, visit www.smartreit.com. Contact Information Smart Real Estate Investment Trust Huw Thomas President and Chief Executive Officer (905) 326-6400 ext. 7649 hthomas@smartreit.com Smart Real Estate Investment Trust Peter Sweeney Chief Financial Officer (905) 326-6400 ext. 7865 psweeney@smartreit.com www.smartreit.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Smart Real Estate Investment Trust From this industry Real Estate and Construction From this sub-industry Commercial Real Estate See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share Smart Real Estate Investment Trust TSX : SRU.UN May 11, 2017 16:10 ET Smart Real Estate Investment Trust Announces Voting Results From Annual Meeting of Holders of Units and Special Voting Units TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - May 11, 2017) - Smart Real Estate Investment Trust ("SmartREIT" or the "REIT") (TSX:SRU.UN) announced today the voting results from its Annual General and Special Meeting of the Holders of Units and Special Voting Units (the "Meeting") held today in Toronto, Ontario. The total number of Units and Special Voting Units of SmartREIT ("Units" and "SVUs", respectively) represented by holders of Units and SVUs (collectively, "Unitholders") that voted in connection with the Meeting was 69,553,623 Units and 31,096,883 SVUs, representing in total 62.28% of SmartREIT's issued and outstanding Units and SVUs. At the Meeting, Unitholders voted in favour of all items of business, including the election of each of the five trustee nominees proposed by management. The voting results for the election of trustees based on the Units and SVUs represented at the Meeting by proxies held by management were as follows: # Votes For % Votes For # Votes Withheld % Votes Withheld Huw Thomas 98,048,278 97.44 % 2,573,749 2.56 % Jamie McVicar 94,235,433 93.65 % 6,386,594 6.35 % Kevin Pshebniski 98,618,132 98.01 % 2,003,895 1.99 % Michael Young 95,684,657 95.09 % 4,937,370 4.91 % Garry Foster 100,448,091 99.83 % 173,936 0.17 % Certain amendments to the Declaration of Trust of SmartREIT proposed in order to further align the Declaration of Trust with evolving governance best practices, implement an advance notice policy for the nomination of trustees of SmartREIT, clarify certain rights of SmartREIT's significant Unitholder and update SmartREIT's operating policies in respect of environmental audits were also overwhelmingly approved by nearly 99% of the votes cast by Unitholders represented at the Meeting. Also notably, 98% of Unitholders represented at the Meeting by proxy voted in favour of accepting SmartREIT's approach to executive compensation (i.e. say-on-pay), as more particularly set forth in SmartREIT's Management Information Circular dated April 13, 2017. Detailed voting results for the Meeting are available under SmartREIT's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. About SmartREIT SmartREIT is one of Canada's largest real estate investment trusts with total assets of approximately $8.9 billion. It owns and manages 32 million square feet in value-oriented, principally Walmart-anchored retail centres, having the strongest national and regional retailers as well as strong neighbourhood merchants. In addition, SmartREIT is a joint-venture partner in the Toronto and Montreal Premium Outlets with Simon Property Group. SmartREIT is now expanding the breadth of its portfolio to include residential (condominium and rental), office, and self-storage, either on its large urban properties such as the Vaughan Metropolitan Centre or as an adjunct to its existing shopping centres. SmartREIT's core vision is to provide a value-oriented shopping experience in all forms to Canadian consumers and to create high quality mixed use developments in urban settings. With SmartREIT's 2015 acquisition of SmartCentres, SmartREIT has transformed into a fully integrated real estate provider. SmartREIT and SmartCentres have had a long and successful alliance, helping to provide Canadians with value-focused retail shopping centres across the country. Now, the alliance has grown even stronger, the result is a fully integrated real estate provider with expertise in planning, development, leasing, operations and construction - all under one roof. For more information on SmartREIT, visit www.smartreit.com. Contact Information Smart Real Estate Investment Trust Huw Thomas President and Chief Executive Officer (905) 326-6400 ext. 7649 hthomas@smartreit.com Smart Real Estate Investment Trust Peter Sweeney Chief Financial Officer (905) 326-6400 ext. 7865 psweeney@smartreit.com www.smartreit.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Smart Real Estate Investment Trust From this industry Real Estate and Construction From this sub-industry Commercial Real Estate See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Latest News Dow 20,919 -23.69 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,116 -13.18 -0.22% S&P 500 2,394 -5.19 -0.22% 2:53 A.M. ET AstraZeneca plans Imfinzi submission after trial 2:51 A.M. ET German GDP up 0.6% on buoyant trade, beating U.S. 2:15 A.M. ET Noble shares slide to fresh 15-year low 2:14 A.M. ET Petrobras posts biggest profit in 2 years 2:14 A.M. ET Greece eyes bond sale amid optimism over debt deal 1:58 A.M. ET United Internet to acquire Drillisch for $3.04B 1:15 A.M. ET Updated Oil poised to gain more than 3% this week as hopes grow over OPEC resolve 12:57 A.M. ET Petrobras posts largest profit in two years 12:01 A.M. ET Fraud alerts are on the rise. Here’s why. 12:01 A.M. ET Why credit and debit card fraud alerts have spiked 5/11 Judge deals blows against Uber in legal battle with Alphabet 5/11 White House announces trade deal with China to boost U.S. exports 5/11 Asian markets pull back after weak earnings in U.S. 5/11 Updated Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover 5/11 United evacuates Houston flight after scorpion spotted 5/11 San Francisco sues Uber to obtain information about local drivers 5/11 Trump admits Russia probe played into Comey’s firing 5/11 Nvidia’s $3 billion chip sends stock to yet more records 5/11 Updated Anheuser-Busch InBev shuts out craft beer brewers by hoarding hops 5/11 Updated ‘This is not a business’: So begins an investing guru’s tirade against Snap Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Smart Real Estate Investment Trust Announces Voting Results From Annual Meeting of Holders of Units and Special Voting Units By Published: May 11, 2017 4:10 p.m. ET Share TORONTO, ONTARIO, May 11, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - May 11, 2017) - Smart Real Estate Investment Trust ("SmartREIT" or the "REIT") (SRU.UN) announced today the voting results from its Annual General and Special Meeting of the Holders of Units and Special Voting Units (the "Meeting") held today in Toronto, Ontario. The total number of Units and Special Voting Units of SmartREIT ("Units" and "SVUs", respectively) represented by holders of Units and SVUs (collectively, "Unitholders") that voted in connection with the Meeting was 69,553,623 Units and 31,096,883 SVUs, representing in total 62.28% of SmartREIT's issued and outstanding Units and SVUs. At the Meeting, Unitholders voted in favour of all items of business, including the election of each of the five trustee nominees proposed by management. The voting results for the election of trustees based on the Units and SVUs represented at the Meeting by proxies held by management were as follows:             # Votes     % Votes   # Votes   % Votes   
                 For         For            Withheld  Withheld
Huw Thomas       98,048,278  97.44   %      2,573,749 2.56     %
Jamie McVicar    94,235,433  93.65   %      6,386,594 6.35     %
Kevin Pshebniski 98,618,132  98.01   %      2,003,895 1.99     %
Michael Young    95,684,657  95.09   %      4,937,370 4.91     %
Garry Foster     100,448,091 99.83   %      173,936   0.17     %

 Certain amendments to the Declaration of Trust of SmartREIT proposed in order to further align the Declaration of Trust with evolving governance best practices, implement an advance notice policy for the nomination of trustees of SmartREIT, clarify certain rights of SmartREIT's significant Unitholder and update SmartREIT's operating policies in respect of environmental audits were also overwhelmingly approved by nearly 99% of the votes cast by Unitholders represented at the Meeting. Also notably, 98% of Unitholders represented at the Meeting by proxy voted in favour of accepting SmartREIT's approach to executive compensation (i.e. say-on-pay), as more particularly set forth in SmartREIT's Management Information Circular dated April 13, 2017.  Detailed voting results for the Meeting are available under SmartREIT's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. About SmartREIT SmartREIT is one of Canada's largest real estate investment trusts with total assets of approximately $8.9 billion. It owns and manages 32 million square feet in value-oriented, principally Walmart-anchored retail centres, having the strongest national and regional retailers as well as strong neighbourhood merchants. In addition, SmartREIT is a joint-venture partner in the Toronto and Montreal Premium Outlets with Simon Property Group. SmartREIT is now expanding the breadth of its portfolio to include residential (condominium and rental), office, and self-storage, either on its large urban properties such as the Vaughan Metropolitan Centre or as an adjunct to its existing shopping centres. SmartREIT's core vision is to provide a value-oriented shopping experience in all forms to Canadian consumers and to create high quality mixed use developments in urban settings. With SmartREIT's 2015 acquisition of SmartCentres, SmartREIT has transformed into a fully integrated real estate provider. SmartREIT and SmartCentres have had a long and successful alliance, helping to provide Canadians with value-focused retail shopping centres across the country. Now, the alliance has grown even stronger, the result is a fully integrated real estate provider with expertise in planning, development, leasing, operations and construction - all under one roof. For more information on SmartREIT, visit www.smartreit.com. Smart Real Estate Investment Trust Huw Thomas President and Chief Executive Officer (905) 326-6400 ext. 7649 hthomas@smartreit.com Smart Real Estate Investment Trust Peter Sweeney Chief Financial Officer (905) 326-6400 ext. 7865 psweeney@smartreit.com www.smartreit.com © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover Nvidia’s $3 billion chip sends stock to yet more records Watch as helicopter warns surfers they’re next to ‘approximately 15 great white sharks’ Morgan Stanley says risk of a recession has decreased to 1-in-4 odds 'Forest Bathers' Seek Therapeutic Effects of Trees MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Latest News Dow 20,919 -23.69 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,116 -13.18 -0.22% S&P 500 2,394 -5.19 -0.22% 2:53 A.M. ET AstraZeneca plans Imfinzi submission after trial 2:51 A.M. ET German GDP up 0.6% on buoyant trade, beating U.S. 2:15 A.M. ET Noble shares slide to fresh 15-year low 2:14 A.M. ET Petrobras posts biggest profit in 2 years 2:14 A.M. ET Greece eyes bond sale amid optimism over debt deal 1:58 A.M. ET United Internet to acquire Drillisch for $3.04B 1:15 A.M. ET Updated Oil poised to gain more than 3% this week as hopes grow over OPEC resolve 12:57 A.M. ET Petrobras posts largest profit in two years 12:01 A.M. ET Fraud alerts are on the rise. Here’s why. 12:01 A.M. ET Why credit and debit card fraud alerts have spiked 5/11 Judge deals blows against Uber in legal battle with Alphabet 5/11 White House announces trade deal with China to boost U.S. exports 5/11 Asian markets pull back after weak earnings in U.S. 5/11 Updated Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover 5/11 United evacuates Houston flight after scorpion spotted 5/11 San Francisco sues Uber to obtain information about local drivers 5/11 Trump admits Russia probe played into Comey’s firing 5/11 Nvidia’s $3 billion chip sends stock to yet more records 5/11 Updated Anheuser-Busch InBev shuts out craft beer brewers by hoarding hops 5/11 Updated ‘This is not a business’: So begins an investing guru’s tirade against Snap Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Talon International, Inc. Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results By Published: May 11, 2017 4:15 p.m. ET Share LOS ANGELES, CA, May 11, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - May 11, 2017) -  Talon International, Inc. (otcqb:TALN), a leading global supplier of zippers, apparel fasteners, trim and stretch technology products, reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. Financial Highlights Overall revenues decreased 1.3 % from the prior year as Trim sales continued to increase while Zipper sales declined. Trim revenues posted a 4.7% increase versus the prior year. Financial Results Revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2017 were $11.1 million, reflecting a decrease of $147,000 or -1.3% as compared to the same period in 2016. Talon Zipper sales were $476,000 lower than the same period in 2016 due to decreased sales to mass merchandising brand customers and specialty retail brands customers. Talon Trim products, which consist primarily of sales to specialty retail branded customers, increased by $329,000 compared to the same period in 2016, mainly due to new stretch technology programs and customers. "Our year-over-year increase in the Trim business was a highlight this quarter, as we gained traction with customers and products," stated Larry Dyne, Talon's Chief Executive Officer. "As we focus on offering Fit for Purpose Zipper products to the market, we held two significant zipper marketing events in the first quarter, building awareness of Talon's influential history and current breadth of zipper offerings. As we look ahead to the remainder of 2017, our team will continue its customer-centric approach as we focus our sales efforts on those manufacturers and retailers who meet our standards of profitability and product innovation." Gross profit for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $4.1 million, or 36.8% of sales, compared to $4.2 million, or 37.0% of sales, in the first quarter of 2016. The gross profit decrease is largely attributable to an inventory write down of certain zipper stock and a change in product mix, offset by lower freight and duty costs and higher sales volumes for Talon Trim products. Operating expenses for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 were essentially flat from the prior year at $3.9 million. Sales and marketing expenses totaled $1.6 million, an increase of $105,000 as compared to the same period in 2016, mainly due to additional compensation costs, increased travel and entertainment expenses and additional administrative costs, offset by reduced facilities and related expenses. General and administrative expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2017 totaled $2.3 million, or 20.7% of sales, compared to the prior year of $2.4 million, or 21.6% of sales. Expenses were lower by $127,000 compared to the same period in 2016, mainly due to reduced professional and legal costs, offset by additional IT support costs. Income before income taxes for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $28,000 compared to $85,000 for the same period in 2016. Net income for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $5,500 or $0.00 per share as compared to $49,000 or $0.00 per share for the quarter ended March 31, 2016.  About Talon International, Inc. Talon International, Inc. is a major supplier of custom zippers and complete trim solutions including Tekfit® stretch technology products to manufacturers of fashion apparel, specialty retailers, mass merchandisers, brand licensees and major retailers worldwide. Talon develops, manufactures and distributes custom zippers exclusively under its Talon® brand ("The World's Original Zipper Since 1893"); designs, develops, manufactures, and distributes complete apparel trim solutions and products including stretch technology products for specialty waistbands, shirt collars, and other items all under its trademark and world renowned brands, Talon® and Tekfit® to major apparel brands and retailers. Leading retailers worldwide recognize and use Talon products including VF Corporation, American Eagle, Abercrombie and Fitch, Polo Ralph Lauren, Kohl's, JC Penney, FatFace, Victoria's Secret, Wal-Mart, Phillips-Van Heusen, Levi Strauss & Co., Express and many others. The company is headquartered in the greater Los Angeles area, and has offices and facilities throughout the United States, United Kingdom, Hong Kong, China, India, Indonesia and Bangladesh. Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the Company's views on market growth, changing trends in apparel retailing, new product introductions, expansion into new geographic markets, and the Company's ability to execute on its sales strategies, and are generally identified by phrases such as "thinks," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," and similar words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are inherently subject to uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statement. These statements are based upon, among other things, assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management, including management's own knowledge and assessment of the Company's industry, competition and capital requirements. These and other risks are more fully described in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the Company's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which should be read in conjunction herewith for a further discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  
 
TALON INTERNATIONAL, INC.
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
 
(Unaudited)
 
                                                                 Three Months Ended                          
                                                                           March 31,                                   
                                                                 2017                2016               
Net sales                                                             $      11,117,534   $      11,264,632  
Cost of goods sold                                                      7,029,158      7,100,373   
                             Gross profit                          4,088,376      4,164,259   
Sales and marketing expenses                                            1,607,566      1,502,886   
General and administrative expenses                                     2,298,951      2,425,958   
                             Total operating expenses              3,906,517      3,928,844   
                                                                                    
Income from operations                                                  181,859        235,415     
Interest expense, net                                                   153,926        150,647     
Income before provision for income taxes                                27,933         84,768      
Provision for income taxes                                              22,395         35,651      
Net income                                                            $      5,538        $      49,117      
                                                                                    
Basic and diluted net income per share                                $      0.00         $      0.00        
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - Basic            92,274,255     92,267,831  
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - Diluted          92,931,260     93,473,691  
                                                                                    
Net income                                                            $      5,538        $      49,117      
                                                                                    
Other comprehensive income (loss) from foreign currency translation     1,942          (498       )
Total comprehensive income                                            $      7,480        $      48,619      
                                                                                    
                                                                                    

 TALON INTERNATIONAL, INC.
 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                   March 31,              December 31,        
                                                                                                                                                                                                             2017                   2016                
                                                                                                                                                                                                   (Unaudited)                           
Assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
Current assets:                                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                         $      2,653,868       $      4,913,577    
                                                 Accounts receivable, net                                                                                                                            5,361,852         4,315,608    
                                                 Inventories, net                                                                                                                                    629,268           500,482      
                                                 Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                                                                           902,818           702,906      
Total current assets                                                                                                                                                                                      9,547,806         10,432,573   
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Property and equipment, net                                                                                                                                                                               857,141           884,208      
Intangible assets, net                                                                                                                                                                                    4,263,325         4,266,596    
Deferred income tax assets, net                                                                                                                                                                           5,188,952         5,224,018    
Other assets                                                                                                                                                                                              400,442           347,638      
Total assets                                                                                                                                                                                            $      20,257,666      $      21,155,033   
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity                                                                                                                                                                                           
Current liabilities:                                                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                 Accounts payable                                                                                                                                  $      6,240,166       $      6,378,896    
                                                 Accrued expenses                                                                                                                                    2,142,014         2,972,689    
                                                 Current portion of revolving line of credit from related party                                                                                      75,000            -            
                                                 Current portion of capital lease obligations                                                                                                        24,224            23,749       
Total current liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                 8,481,404         9,375,334    
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Revolving line of credit from related party, net of current portion, discounts and deferred financing costs                                                                                               3,992,755         4,041,345    
Capital lease obligations, net of current portion                                                                                                                                                         30,798            37,035       
Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                                           3,043             3,037        
Other liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                         228,291           236,088      
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                         12,736,291        13,692,839   
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Stockholders' Equity:                                                                                                                                                                                                          
                                                 Common Stock, $0.001 par value, 300,000,000 shares authorized; 92,274,255 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016  
		   92,274            92,274       
Additional paid-in capital                                                                                                                                                                                65,092,133        65,040,432   
Accumulated deficit                                                                                                                                                                                       (57,738,366 )          (57,743,904 )
                                                 Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                                                              75,334            73,392       
                                                 Total stockholders' equity                                                                                                                          7,521,375         7,462,194    
                                                 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                                                                                        $      20,257,666      $      21,155,033   

 Contact: Talon International, Inc. Rayna Hernandez Tel (818) 444-4128 Email Contact � 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover Nvidia’s $3 billion chip sends stock to yet more records Watch as helicopter warns surfers they’re next to ‘approximately 15 great white sharks’ Morgan Stanley says risk of a recession has decreased to 1-in-4 odds 'Forest Bathers' Seek Therapeutic Effects of Trees MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
