Sections News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 52° © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Local News News U.S. World News Unusual Politics News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 Videos Group wants cross taken from Longwood City Hall Attorney Mark O'Mara on Ayala death penalty decision WATCH: Air Force Major surprises son at school for emotional reunion Photos Summer Camp Expo Weather Babies: March 13 to March 17 Weather Babies: Feb. 27 to March 3 © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Employee accused of swapping movie money for real cash By: Kelly Joyce Posted:Mar 07 2017 08:55PM EST Updated:Mar 07 2017 08:55PM EST Employee accused of swapping movie money for real cash Local News Employee accused of swapping movie money for real cash A Deltona Walmart employee was arrested on Monday night, after other employees noticed something funny about a $10,000 bundle of cash in the store's safe. Related Stories Group wants cross taken from Longwood City Hall 'Just another case' says new proscutor Prosecutor Ayala was to be honored at banquet Law enforcement express dismay over prosecutor DELTONA, Fla. (WOFL FOX 35) - A Deltona Walmart employee was arrested on Monday night, after other employees noticed something funny about a $10,000 bundle of cash in the store’s safe. On closer inspection: $7,600 in bills from the middle of the pack of $100 notes were counterfeit.   It was a blue hue that gave some fake bills away, authorities said.  They weren’t just bluish. They had a different thickness, texture and were printed with the words “FOR MOTION PICTURE USE ONLY.”   A Walmart cash office associate first noticed the fake money on Sunday and alerted a manager. After inspecting the bills and counting 76 counterfeit ones, the manager wrapped the bundle in a white paper marked “DO NOT USE” and locked it back in the safe. On Monday, when a loss prevention officer went back to the safe to inspect the counterfeit money, the bundle was still there – but the fake bills were missing. He went to review surveillance video and noticed that, just after 6 a.m. on Monday, employee Xiomara Matias-Cruz went into the cash office to count and verify the money in the safe, which she did at the start of every shift. Authorities said Matias-Cruz seemed to be looking for something specific. Then she found the white “DO NOT USE” package, opened it, made a phone call and appeared to take something from the bundle. She left the building, got in her vehicle and drove away – only 15 minutes after her shift started. On further review of surveillance footage, the loss prevention officer discovered a video from early Friday morning, showing Matias-Cruz opening the same safe, fumbling with something and reaching in her pockets. She was also holding unbundled cash in her hand. On Monday evening, a deputy contacted Matias-Cruz at her home in Deltona and arrested her on charges of grand theft and obtaining property by fraud.   false false false false false false false false false Popular false false false Recent Group wants cross taken from Longwood City Hall 'Just another case' says new proscutor Prosecutor Ayala was to be honored at banquet Law enforcement express dismay over prosecutor Memories of Palmer abound at Bay Hill Stories You May Be Interested In – includes Advertiser Stories false false false All content © Copyright 2000-2015 Fox Television Stations, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Menu Local News Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Back to Local News Council looks ahead at development plans March 07, 2017 at 4:00 pm | By AUSTIN MONTGOMERY Staff writer BELOIT — The Beloit City Council ran through multiple planning and zoning items at Monday night’s meeting, as the council looks to square away development plans ahead of the spring construction season. The council’s consent agenda cleared quickly, and included a request for outdoor restaurant seating to approving preliminary plans for the incoming Dunkin Donuts near Wal-Mart and a brewery set for the Gateway Boulevard area. •The council approved a request to add outdoor seating for the Beloit Public Library’s Blender Cafe project, which broke ground last week. The request will add seating for up to eight outdoor tables, according to planning documents. • The Dunkin Donuts plan is one step closer to construction after the council approved an exemption from a landscape ordinance due to the size of the lot and site plan, by adding a drive through. The store is set to be located at 2787 Milwaukee Road and occupy the China Buffet space near Wal-Mart. • Two Class B beer and liquor licenses were approved at the meeting for Muni, 1611 Hackett St., and Inked Sports Bar, 443 E. Grand Ave. Muni is owned by Thomas and Joelle Hawkins, according to planning documents. Inked is owned by Justin Christophersen, planning documents showed. During regular discussion: • Councilors approved a new site plan for 42 additional condo units and four buildings to the Kadlec Drive area, after the council delayed action on the item at its Feb. 20 meeting over confusion surrounding the plan. Last year, the council approved a plan that would have added five new buildings to the Kadlec Drive area near Elmwood Drive, but the developer altered its site plan to include one less building, prompting the new plat request. The units will be individually rented, officials said. Share Now Read More Local News Family hopes public helps little girl get rolling again March 15, 2017 at 4:00 pm | BELOIT — A freak accident has kept one power chair-bound girl mostly at home. After Keyonah Spencer’s family 2007 Chevy Uplander minivan was struck by lightning, she has been unable t... Read More United Way invites residents to celebrate local heroes March 15, 2017 at 4:00 pm | JANESVILLE — Everyone’s invited to celebrate the heroism of super people at United Way Blackhawk Region’s Live United Celebration to be held Wednesday, March 22 at the Pontiac Co... Read More Nonprofit is hoping to purchase former MCC March 15, 2017 at 4:00 pm | BELOIT — Community Action, Inc. is interested in buying the Merrill Community Center (MCC). “Community Action has put an offer in, and we are talking with the MCC board about it,ȁ... Read More B.C. group plans events to discuss LGBT issues March 15, 2017 at 4:00 pm | BELOIT — A student group at Beloit College will be hosting two events focused on issues facing the LGBT community. The Sexuality and Gender Alliance (SAGA), a student-led LGBT advocacy group ... Read More Contact Us (608) 365-8811 149 State Street Beloit, WI 53511 ©2017 Beloit Daily News Terms of Use Privacy Policy Beloit Daily News Home News Back All News Local News News Now Illinois News Wisconsin News National & World News Business Sports Back All Sports Regional Sports Sports News Sports Blog College Football Pro Football NCAA Basketball News Football Fever NASCAR Challenge Community Back All Community Health News Living Religion News Headliner Award Nomination Records Back All Records Wisconsin Public Notices Obituaries Death Notices Announcements Opinion Back All Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Columnists Submit a Letter Classifieds Back All Classifieds Announcements Jobs Miscellaneous Pets & Animals Real Estate Rentals Services Transportation Submit a Classified Ad Services Back All Services Print Ads Rate Cards Newspapers In Education Office Furniture Yearbook Questionnaire Form Contact Us Online Forms Marketplace Publications Back All Publications Stateline Business Journal
Home News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Weekly News Quiz Headlines Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Work for Us KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media 54° F Few Clouds Hi: 56° F Lo: 37° F 7 Day Forecast Weather Radar Satellite 1 Weather Alert 1 Closing Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Weekly News Quiz Headlines Featured: Where We Live Latest Headlines Conservative judge slams ‘personal attacks’ on judiciary Updated: 1 min ago SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A conservative federal appellate court judge who was a key author of the so-called torture memos under the Bush adminis… Exxon blasts NY AG over Tillerson-email accusations Updated: 40 mins ago DALLAS (AP) — Exxon Mobil is complaining about the way New York’s attorney general disclosed that former CEO and current Secretary of State … Trump calls for privatizing air traffic control operations 5:26 pm Man accused in machete attack charged with attempted murder Updated: 1 min ago Dozen die in new round of flooding in Peru Updated: 1 min ago Weather Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Current Conditions 54° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 54° F Wind: N 3 Humidity: 38% Dewpoint: 29° F Sunrise: 7:20 AM Sunset: 7:18 PM Portland Weather Forecast Radar Satellite Currents 7 Day Sponsored by: Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Work for Us KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media Search for: Search the site 54° F Few Clouds Hi: 56° F Lo: 37° F Police: 3 stole alcohol, assaulted Walmart worker Battle Ground PD positively identified the suspects KOIN 6 News Staff Published: March 7, 2017, 5:26 pm Updated: March 9, 2017, 1:27 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Three people are wanted for allegedly stealing alcohol from a Battle Ground Walmart and assaulting an employee on Monday, March 6, 2017. (Battle Ground PD) BATTLE GROUND, Wash. (KOIN) — Police have successfully identified 3 suspects accused of stealing alcohol and assaulting a Walmart employee Monday night. The 3 suspects reportedly entered the Walmart on SW 13th Avenue together, stole alcohol and left. But 2 of the suspects came back into the store — possibly to steal more alcohol, detectives said — and were confronted by an employee. The Walmart employee was assaulted as the 2 suspects fled, police said. The Battle Ground Police said they identified the suspects thanks to tips from the public. The investigation is ongoing and officers will bring charges as appropriate. Three people are wanted for allegedly stealing alcohol from a Battle Ground Walmart and assaulting an employee on Monday, March 6, 2017. (Battle Ground PD) Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts 2 arrested in Wood Village after stolen credit card tip Woodburn Police: Man with machete slashes 3 PPB: Suspects had replica firearms when shot Theft suspect rams deputy’s car during pursuit Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Today's Forecast Rain Returns Friday Updated: 3 mins ago A Wet Finish to the Work Week Trending Stories on KOIN.com More Crime Stories Ex-fugitive doctor faces Washington County rape charge 9:21 am Moos is charged with three counts of first-degree rape, six counts of first-degree sodomy, and one count of first-degree unlawful sexual pen… Daycare manager allegedly left 7 kids alone to go tan March 15, 2017 Detectives said they watched parents drop off numerous children at the home, and a couple hours later, they saw Neatherlin leave in a car. W… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KOIN 6 © 1998-2017 KOIN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Headlines Investigations Local News National International Editor’s Pick Entertainment Photo Galleries Crime Game On News Links Hollywood Today Live Traffic Weather Weather Closings Weather Alerts 7 Day Forecast Radar Interactive Satellite PDX Weather App Station About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team Contact Us Job Postings KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts KOIN 6 Mobile Report It KOIN TV Listings Business KOIN Media FCC Public File EEO Report Terms of use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Contact Us! Go to our ReportIt form to send us your news tips, investigations and weather pictures. You can also ask us programming questions and provide feedback on our digital products. Thank you! Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
skip to main content Public Media for Southern New Mexico & Far West Texas Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Regional News Local Viewpoints National/World Weather Forecast NM Road Conditions TX Road Conditions KRWG News Video Community Events PUENTES Business Health Arts and Life Technology Sports Fronteras Reports next avenue Television TV Schedule Television Programs A-Z Watch KRWG News Video Watch PBS Video PBS Kids BBC News PBS NewsHour Nightly Business Report Newsmakers In Focus Fronteras Pláticas Living Here Community Connection New Mexico Now KRWG Music Spotlight American Graduate Champions Your Legislators Field Trip! News 22 Radio Radio Schedule Radio Programs A-Z LISTEN LIVE Morning Edition Here & Now All Things Considered Marketplace Monday Business Watch Alamogordo NOW Silver City Report The Bulletin On The Radio Your Weekend Pulse Fronteras Images Fiesta! KRWG Jazz & Blues Intermezzo Voice of the Public StoryCorps About Us KRWG/NMSU Parking Permit Station Information On-Air Staff Where To Watch & Listen Airwaves Guide Outage Updates Editorial Policy Meetings Information FCC Public File EEO Reports Diversity Statement Content Reports Financial Information Support KRWG Become A Member Or Renew Payroll Deduction Donate Your Car amazon.com shopPBS.org Passport Planned Giving Underwriters Challenge Grant Partners Donor Privacy Prize Drawing Rules Connect With Us Contact Us Submit Event For Community Calendar Technical Questions/Report Problems Facebook Twitter YouTube Search KRWG KRWG Menu Home News Regional News Local Viewpoints National/World Weather Forecast NM Road Conditions TX Road Conditions KRWG News Video Community Events PUENTES Business Health Arts and Life Technology Sports Fronteras Reports next avenue Television TV Schedule Television Programs A-Z Watch KRWG News Video Watch PBS Video PBS Kids BBC News PBS NewsHour Nightly Business Report Newsmakers In Focus Fronteras Pláticas Living Here Community Connection New Mexico Now KRWG Music Spotlight American Graduate Champions Your Legislators Field Trip! News 22 Radio Radio Schedule Radio Programs A-Z LISTEN LIVE Morning Edition Here & Now All Things Considered Marketplace Monday Business Watch Alamogordo NOW Silver City Report The Bulletin On The Radio Your Weekend Pulse Fronteras Images Fiesta! KRWG Jazz & Blues Intermezzo Voice of the Public StoryCorps About Us KRWG/NMSU Parking Permit Station Information On-Air Staff Where To Watch & Listen Airwaves Guide Outage Updates Editorial Policy Meetings Information FCC Public File EEO Reports Diversity Statement Content Reports Financial Information Support KRWG Become A Member Or Renew Payroll Deduction Donate Your Car amazon.com shopPBS.org Passport Planned Giving Underwriters Challenge Grant Partners Donor Privacy Prize Drawing Rules Connect With Us Contact Us Submit Event For Community Calendar Technical Questions/Report Problems Facebook Twitter YouTube Search El Paso Couple Arrested In Las Cruces And Charged in Auto Theft Case By News Editor And Partners • Mar 7, 2017 TweetShareGoogle+Email Police arrested an El Paso couple suspected of stealing a vehicle in that city and driving to Las Cruces where they tried to shoplift merchandise from a local Walmart store. Nichole Elizabeth Leidner, 33, and Fabian Carrasco, 25, both from El Paso, Texas, are charged with one count each of receiving or transferring a stolen motor vehicle. The charge is a fourth-degree felony. Carrasco was also charged with a misdemeanor count of shoplifting. LCPD investigators learned that Leidner and Carrasco were in El Paso March 3 when they stole a 2003 Dodge Durango from outside the Red Roof Inn at 11400 Chito Samaniego. The owner of the Durango had briefly left the vehicle running while she delivered newspapers at the hotel. Carrasco then drove Leidner, his girlfriend, to Las Cruces where they went to the Walmart store on Rinconada Boulevard. There, shortly after 5 p.m. on March 3, they were observed shoplifting merchandise and leaving the store without paying. A Las Cruces Police officer witnessed the couple leaving the store and running to the Durango that was parked near the exit. The officer detained the two before they could flee the parking lot. The officer then learned that the Durango had been reported stolen earlier that day in El Paso. Leidner and Carrasco was booked into the Dona Ana County Detention Center where they remain incarcerated. Information from Las Cruces Police TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 KRWG Donate Now Search Contact Us Listen LIVE Regional Local Viewpoints KRWG News Video National/World Business Health Sports Weather NM Roads TX Roads Community Events Where to Watch & Listen Radio Schedule TV Schedule PBS and KRWG Video
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Valley News Dispatch Vandergrift police: missing woman last seen Feb. 16 in Harrison Valley News Dispatch | Monday, March 6, 2017, 8:39 p.m. Ronny Cable Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Vandergrift police have released more information about a 34-year-old borough woman who was last seen Feb. 16. Vandergrift police Sgt. Anthony DePanicis said Ronny Cable was seen in the Natrona Heights Wal-Mart in Harrison on the evening of Feb. 16. Two unidentified white males were seen on surveillance footage with her. Later that night, Cable was seen with apparently the same two men at her residence in Vandergrift. All three got into a red Chevrolet, believed to be either a Cavalier or Cobalt. DePanicis said the last time a charge was made to her bank account was the following night at a bar in a neighboring town. He said there is no evidence that she has used her phone since Feb. 16. DePanicis said an earlier report that she has been missing since Feb. 10 is incorrect. Cable is about 5 feet 10 inches tall, weighs about 175 pounds, has blond hair and blue eyes. She has tattoos on her lower back and lower leg. Anyone with information is asked to call Vandergrift police at 724-568-5507 or Bring Our Missing Home Tip Line, a national nonprofit that helps find missing people, at 810-294-4858. More Valley News Dispatch Lead found at Colfax elementary in Springdale prompts bottled water use Bald eagles cope with nor'easter snowfall Visit the fish fries in the Alle-Kiski Valley Arnold debates 'use it or lose it' vacation policy New Kensington OKs cell tower replacement on Camp Avenue TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending NFL deems Villanueva's, Cockrell's performances with Steelers worthy of extra cash Two-year road construction project for I-279 to begin in March Bethel Park man accused in Red Robin incident is indicted on hate crime charge Twitter Feed A Twitter List by Valley News Dispatch staff Week in Pictures PIAA wrestling, winter returns and St. Patrick's Day (March 6-12) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Clear54° FULL FORECASTClear54° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Business Two USF grads help rebuild a troubled Tampa community as they build their business US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Remains of St. Pete World War 2 pilot return after seven decades National Book Critics Circle awards go to Margaret Atwood, Louise Erdrich and more Days after rescue, kidnapped woman still without her children Gov. Scott takes cop-slaying case from Orlando prosecutor over her refusal to seek death penalty McDonald's claims Twitter account was hacked after post insulting Trump News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana Courts Florida Supreme Court defines 'sexual intercourse' in question arising from HIV case Top News Gov. Scott takes cop-slaying case from Orlando prosecutor over her refusal to seek death penalty McDonald's claims Twitter account was hacked after post insulting Trump Video: Sean Spicer gets heated in explaining that Trump 'stands by' wiretapping claim Intel senators: No indication Trump Tower was surveilled House Republicans move plan that would deny food stamps to 229,000 Floridians Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Spring Training Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Lightning Strikes Morgan Rielly not surprised by Brayden Point's emergence Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Photo gallery: University of Florida Gators vs. East Tennessee State Buccaneers East Region: Florida silences doubters, dispatches East Tennessee State 80-65 USA Gymnastics president resigns amid abuse scandal Even during a trying season, USF women meet NCAA tourney expectations Spin doctors: Pinpointing the reasons for a pitcher's success Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Movies Review: 'Beauty and the Beast' has none of the original's magic Top News New York Times writes '36 Hours' on St. Pete Beach. Did they get it right? Review: 'Alex Katz: Black and White' surveys a colorful career Plan your weekend: St. Patrick's Day, Broadway's 'Once,' Jason Isbell and John Hiatt at Busch Gardens Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Trump budget cuts put Florida coast at risk Top Opinion Editorial: Trump budget cuts put Florida coast at risk A Dallas Morning News editorial: Today's teens are 'wired and tired,' but they're not wasted Column: Why I'm moving home Column: Appeals court judges rebuke Trump for 'personal attacks' on judiciary, 'intimidation' Henderson: Don't just gripe, do something about neighborhood trash Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News National Book Critics Circle awards go to Margaret Atwood, Louise Erdrich and more Vinoy resort in breaks ground on marina restaurant Holland tulips a magical sight from river cruise on the Rhine Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Since Trump, a quiet New York road has become a busy exit from U.S. (w/video) By Rick Rojas, New York Times RICK ROJASTampa Bay Times Wednesday, March 8, 2017 1:03am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged CHAMPLAIN, N.Y. — Roxham Road is a quiet country road jutting off another quiet country road, where a couple of horses munch on soggy hay and a ditch running along the muddy pavement flows with melted snow. It cuts through a thicket of dormant trees, passing a half-dozen trailer homes and after almost a mile runs into a line of boulders and a rusted railing with a sign: Road Closed. Related News/Archive Little heard in public, Bannon is quiet power in Trump's Oval Office (w/video) 1 Month Ago Get the scoop on New York's Ice Cream Museum (w/video) 7 Months Ago Trump's latest unfounded charge has Clinton on drugs (w/video) 5 Months Ago Chris Crowningshiele has been driving a cab, on and off, for 30 years in this rural corner of upstate New York known as the North Country. He lives south of here in Plattsburgh, and his fares usually come from ferrying students from a state university there or picking shoppers up at a Wal-Mart in his gray minivan. But in recent weeks, riders have been asking him — two, three, sometimes as many as seven times a day — to bring them to the end of Roxham Road. He is carrying them on the last leg of their journey out of the United States. Just on the other side of that sign is Canada. Border officials and aid workers there say there has been a surge in people illegally crossing from the United States in the months since President Donald Trump was elected, many of them natives of Muslim countries making bids for asylum. Roxham Road, just a brief detour from a major border crossing on Interstate 87, has become one of the busier illegal points of entry. Crowningshiele picks up passengers in Plattsburgh, mostly at the airport or the bus station, and over the 25-mile drive north, they have told him that they had traveled from across the country. Some were migrants from Yemen and Turkey. They confided that they were fearful, of what was happening in the countries they wanted to leave behind — not just their homeland but now also the United States — and of what they faced once they stepped out of Crowningshiele's cab. "You wonder what's going through their heads, you know?" he said. Many of his passengers have been families, with parents carrying young children and whatever possessions they could take with them. "People just want to live their life," Crowningshiele, 48, said, "and not be scared." Given their proximity to Canada, people around here have always had some awareness of the world beyond the border. A pop music station in Montreal comes through clearly on the radio, and it is not all that unusual to make a run to the other side to shop. But the steady stream of cabs that have started driving up Roxham Road has forced them to reckon with life on the border and decisions made in Washington in ways they never have before. This is not exactly Trump Country. In Clinton County, which includes Champlain, Hillary Clinton eclipsed Trump by 610 votes. Many residents on Roxham Road said they did not bother to vote and had followed politics just enough to feel disenchanted, if not disgusted. "I used to just blow everything off," said Melissa Beshaw, whose house is the second to last before the border. "I was never into politics until this road became famous." She, like some others, was quick to assign blame to Trump. Immigration advocates in Canada said the reasons for fleeing were more complicated: The president's executive order in January on immigration that affected countries that are mostly Muslim was certainly a factor, but so were frustration with the immigration process in general and concern over anti-Muslim rhetoric. Migrants have been coming to places like Roxham Road not because they want to sneak over the border; the expectation is to walk right into the arms of the Canadian authorities. An agreement between the United States and Canada makes it virtually impossible for them to ask for asylum at a legal border crossing; Canadian border officials would have to turn them back. But a technicality allows them to bypass the agreement by illegally setting foot in Canada. "Once they get arrested, they're already on Canadian soil," said Jean-Sébastien Boudreault, the president of the Quebec Immigration Lawyers Association, "so we have to let them do a refugee claim." Just after a gentle rain let up on a recent afternoon, a blue Prius with a yellow taxi sign perched on its roof approached the border. A husband and wife got out. He loaded on a backpack, a duffel bag and several shopping bags. She carried a young boy. The couple declined to speak with a reporter, though the man said they were Turkish. The family was the second spotted arriving that day on Roxham Road, with at least two other cabs coming later. By the count of the people living on the road, it was a slow day. Almost 20 people had come the day before. As the family approached the border, a member of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police told them it was not legal for them to enter here. If they continued, he said, they would be arrested. "I apologize about this," the man replied, his voice unsure, "but I have to break your rules." He paused. "I'm sorry." The couple hopped across a narrow, mucky creek that divides the two countries. A Canadian officer gently grabbed the woman's left arm as she held her son in the crook of her right arm, helping her up. Lawyers said families like this one were usually taken to immigration offices at the nearest legal border crossing, where they can officially ask for asylum. If they have identification and do not appear to pose a security threat, the lawyers said, they are typically released and given a bus ticket to Montreal, where they wait for a hearing on their refugee status. Many of them are staying at a YMCA there. The border crossings, despite being freighted with emotion, happen quickly and can seem almost procedural, occurring over and over every day in recent weeks. Tony George Hogle Sr. has lived on Roxham Road for almost 25 years, moving in when it was still a strip of dirt. He said that years ago the road had been an official crossing. He certainly has noticed the pickup in traffic recently. He has seen people left at the intersection, forced to drag their suitcases a mile through the snow. His sleep apnea keeps him awake, he said, and he has seen taxis creeping up the road in the dead of night. Hogle did not vote in November and said he was "leery" of Trump. On some counts, he said, the president is "doing all right." Trump's campaign promises about the economy and bringing back jobs had some appeal. There are some jobs around here, mostly in warehouses, Hogle said, but he wished there was better-paying work. He used to be a forklift driver in a warehouse before a medical condition left him on disability. His wife works at a gas station and at a discount store. "I think what he set out to do, he's doing," Hogle, 54, said of Trump. "He's a man of his word." He understood the president's motivation in pursuing his immigration policies, but the situation at his own doorstep made him question the "way he went about it." "I can see his point of view," he said. "He's trying to protect the United States. It's hard. Some are good. Not everybody's bad. Just like the white man  you have good ones and you have bad ones. There should be something better than this." Across the street from Hogle, Matthew Turner said the influx had been unsettling. "I'm not okay with it," he said of the border crossings, "but I definitely can't blame them." He recently discovered the lock on his shed had been tampered with and worried that border security was not tight enough. "I used to hunt along the border," said Parker Cashman, who was staying with Turner, "and there's too many places where it's too easy to cross." "Maybe we need to build a wall!" Turner replied, jokingly. "Have Canada pay for it!" He pointed out that Roxham Road can be hard to find. Until recently, if you typed it into Google Maps, the pinpoint landed on a roadway on the other side of the border. "It's almost like this road doesn't exist," said Turner, 21, a warehouse worker. It is unclear how the border hoppers, as some call them, first found Roxham Road. There are moments when residents are frustrated by it, like the day when local television stations discovered what was happening and came out with their satellite trucks. But, mostly, they sympathize with the people passing through. Beshaw, who stays at home to raise two grandsons in her custody, said she had never had a conversation or even shared a word with the migrants. But she has watched as the taxis arrive again and again, and she sees the passengers, especially the children, getting out and trudging through rain, snow and bitter cold. "I don't feel sorry for the adults as much as the kids," she said. Still, she understands their motivation. "All they want is a life like what we have," she said. Beshaw also wishes that life for her would return to how it was just a few weeks ago. "It was a quiet road," she said wistfully. As dusk settled in, dogs could be heard yapping through the woods, and Beshaw's grandsons pedaled around on their bicycles, chasing each other. Before long, darkness blanketed the trees and stars freckled the vast country sky. All was quiet on Roxham Road, except for the babbling water in the ditch. Still, just over the border, Mounties were posted on a muddy hill, waiting for the next car to arrive. A member of the Canadian Mounted Police helps a child step out of a muddy area as a family from Turkey seeking asylum in Canada crossed the border from Champlain, N.Y., on Feb. 23. [New York Times] Since Trump, a quiet New York road has become a busy exit from U.S. (w/video) 03/08/17 [Last modified: Wednesday, March 8, 2017 1:03am] Photo reprints | Article reprints Copyright: For copyright information, please check with the distributor of this item, New York Times.      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Click here to sign up for our 'Day Starter' newsletter Get the top headlines from the Tampa Bay Times' and what you need to know to start your day in your inbox every morning.   Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Login Classifieds Menu Contact Us Login Register Customer Service Subscribe Renew Your Subscription Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop Change of Address Delivery Issue Carrier Information Newspapers in Education e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections Marketplace Search Ads Place an Ad Employment Public Notices Real Estate Guide Automotive Garage Sales E-edition Print Ads Public Notices Since 1875 Winner of the 2016 ONPA General Excellence Award Subscribe Menu Staff Directory Advertise With Us Submission Forms Anniversary Births Delivery Issues Engagements Feedback Letter to the Editor Obituary Submit News Weddings Vacation Start & Stop Work at the EO About Us Photos, Videos & Podcasts Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints EO Audio Podcast Submit Photos Videos Login Register Subscribe Delivery Issue Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop News Local News Northwest Nation & World Business Closures Agriculture Submit News & Photos Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Community Community News Calendar Your EO News Eat, Drink & Explore Celebrations In Uniform Student Honors Days Gone By Out of the Vault Book Reviews Contests Sports Local Sports College Sports College Basketball Experience College Football Experience Pro Sports Auto Racing Experience Pro Football Experience Winter Games Experience Scoreboard Outside Rodeo & Round-Up Obituaries Obituaries & Death Notices Submit an Obituary Tips for Writing Obituaries Records Births Public Meetings Public Safety Logs Jail Roster Most Wanted Courts Public Notices Lotteries e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections 1-800-522-0255 Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Home News Local News I Love My City looking for volunteers for Hermiston cleanup Campaign has been expanded to include multiple local church congregations. Jade McDowell East Oregonian Published on March 7, 2017 12:01AM Last changed on March 7, 2017 9:23PM Contributed photo by Clayton Haight Dillon Spencer hands out candy canes at Wal-Mart during an I Love My City event in December. More Hermiston residents are joining forces with the “I Love My City” campaign. The volunteers, clad in distinctive red shirts, will be spread throughout town again on April 8. Their day of service, which organizers expect will draw 400 to 500 volunteers, will include free car washes, cleaning up downtown Hermiston, picking up garbage along the railroad tracks, helping run the city’s annual spring recycling day and going door to door with offers to help clean up yards. “It will be a spring cleaning for the city,” Clayton Haight said. Haight is a staff pastor at Hermiston Assembly of God, which began the I Love My City concept last fall in response to tragedies that had struck the community. New Hope Community Church and Templo de Fe Esperanza y Amor have now joined the effort, and they’re inviting any and all community members who are interested to volunteer for the April 8 event. Previously, Hermiston Assembly members had donned the red I Love My City shirts for free car washes in the fall and free gift wrapping in front of Wal-Mart before Christmas. Haight said there were a few people who were suspicious of being offered something for free and declined to participate after the volunteers refused to take a donation. But for the most part, people said they appreciated the positive message that the group was portraying. “We’re not marketing anything except we love our city,” Haight said. “We’re just loving people, because that’s what Jesus did.” They plan to do some sort of I Love My City event every 90 days. Haight said they hope to do a free community barbecue over the summer, or possibly rent out the aquatic center. The April 8 event coincides with Hermiston’s annual spring recycling event. Residents can bring everything from old tires to unused paint to paper in need of shredding down to the Umatilla Electric Cooperative parking lot (at 750 W. Elm Ave.) from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. that day to get them recycled for free. “What many of those stations require is a supervisor to make sure that the right stuff goes in the right bin,” parks and recreation director Larry Fetter said. If individuals and families aren’t interested in volunteering there, they can sign up to pick up trash around town, or to wash cars for free at various locations around town. Haight said organizers have some back-up projects in mind if they get too many volunteers to accommodate at currently planned locations. Chris Hankel, pastor of worship ministries for New Hope, said church members were excited to join the other churches for the event. When it was announced on Sunday, 80 families signed up to participate. Hankel said the church wants to be a positive part of the community beyond just their own congregation. It also wants to facilitate service opportunities for families who attend New Hope. “Part of church is learning to serve people for no other reason than just to serve, without any expectation of reciprocation,” he said. Anyone interested in volunteering on April 8, whether a member of a church or not, can sign up online at www.ilovehermiston.com. ——— Contact Jade McDowell at jmcdowell@eastoregonian.com or 541-564-4536. Share and Discuss Guidelines User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Our Guidelines Stay on topic - This helps keep the thread focused on the discussion at hand. If you would like to discuss another topic, look for a relevant article. Share with Us - We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article, and smart, constructive criticism. Be Civil - It's OK to have a difference in opinion but there's no need to be a jerk. We reserve the right to delete any comments that we feel are spammy, off-topic, or reckless to the community. Be proactive - Use the 'Flag as Inappropriate' link at the upper right corner of each comment to let us know of abusive posts. × Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Most Read Comments Trending Traffic stop ends with self-inflicted gunshot ( 31002 ) Family and pet iguana unhurt in Pendleton house fire ( 22773 ) Adam Corey Guenther ( 20141 ) Hermiston rancher indicted on 200 counts of cattle neglect ( 16325 ) Kind Leaf welcomes customers on first day ( 16082 ) First Pendleton pot shop to open Saturday ( 14813 ) Water rising in the Umatilla River ( 576 ) Six new state symbols proposed ( 254 ) Lane County boosts age to 21 for buying and using tobacco ( 179 ) Rowan addresses ACLU questions on immigration and civil rights ( 94 ) Barrier to prevent ag pad closure at Pendleton airport ( 76 ) Boardman Chamber of Commerce luncheon focuses on rail safety ( 64 ) News Business Local News Nation & World Northwest Submit News & Photos Sports College Sports Local Sports Rodeo & Roundup Photos & Videos Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints Obituaries All Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Letters Submit a Letter Our Media Family Blue Mountain Eagle Cannon Beach Gazette Capital Press Ag Weekly Chinook Observer Coast River Business Journal The Daily Astorian East Oregonian The Hermiston Herald Oregon Coast Today Seaside Signal Wallowa County Chieftain Subscriptions Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Newspapers in Education Vacation Start & Stop Contact Us Staff Directory © 2017 East Oregonian Privacy Policy Terms of Service
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2017 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Missing Kenner man last seen leaving work 2 weeks ago: Kenner police Troy-Babin.jpg Troy Babin, 47, was reported missing Monday (March 6, 2017), but family members and witnesses told police he was last seen Feb. 22 as he left his job at the Walmart Supercenter at 300 W. Esplanade Avenue in Kenner. Babin's car, a 2006 Kia bearing Louisiana license plate YLE902, is also missing, according to the Kenner Police Department. (Kenner Police Department) Print Email Laura McKnight, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune By Laura McKnight, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune The Times-Picayune Follow on Twitter on March 07, 2017 at 11:08 PM comments Kenner police are asking for the public's help in finding a 47-year-old Kenner man last seen leaving his workplace two weeks ago. Troy Babin was reported missing Monday (March 6), but his family members and witnesses told police Babin was last seen Feb. 22 as he left his job at the Walmart Supercenter at 300 W. Esplanade Avenue in Kenner. Babin's car, a 2006 Kia bearing Louisiana license plate YLE902, is also missing, according to the Kenner Police Department.        Babin is described as 5-foot-7-inches tall and 160 pounds with black hair and brown eyes. Anyone who knows the whereabouts of Troy Babin is urged to call Kenner police at 504.712.2222 or Crimestoppers at 504.822.1111.  follow us Twitter Facebook LInkedIn Google+ Pinterest Tumblr special report The New Orleans Gun Pipeline An exploration of the complex, violent ecosystem that keeps New Orleans criminals armed. Follow continuing coverage » Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries 2016 murder count 0 Latest Incident: 2016 map of N.O homicides Active Discussions About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines State Supreme Court sides with Port of Vancouver in oil terminal suit School responds to transgender teen bullying allegations Man arrested after alleged drive-by shooting near Vancouver Mall Police: Suspected burglar fought with residents prior to death Two injured in head-on crash near Battle Ground Clark County has strong Irish presence Clark Talks: More bridge talk in this week’s podcast Carl’s Jr. fundraiser to donate all Sunday sales Weather Eye: Downpours expected to clear as spring arrives Landslide keeps state Highway 503 closed Two injured in head-on crash near Battle Ground Two people were injured in a head-on crash near Battle Ground Wednesday night. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Mathews helps Zags slowly pull away from South Dakota State Report: Fernandez was likely operating boat in deadly crash Indiana fires Tom Crean after 9 seasons Oregon to reconsider salmon reforms Friday Fishing report 3/16 Gifford Pinchot National Forest snow report 3/16 Ocean salmon fishing options unveiled Registration open for March 25 boating safety class High school scoreboard 3/16 All-Region gymnastics: Sarah Ellis, Columbia River All-Region gymnastics: Sarah Ellis, Columbia River Ellis' season started with injury, then ended with a state title Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories REI reports climbing sales and hike in membership Judge to decide if groups can intervene in export suit New digs for dog groomer in Orchards Americans spent millions on sign-making materials in January Final check out for Red Lion   Indexes steady as Fed-fueled rally fades Hanford contractors to cut 300 jobs by fall Google adds ‘offensive’ category, hopes to improve quality of search results State Supreme Court sides with Port of Vancouver in oil terminal suit Ivanka Trump meets with Latina business owners Vancouver FedEx driver speaks to youth on safe driving Chris Outen can’t forget the day his dad left for work and never came home. Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Sierra Leone pastor finds 706-carat diamond in village February was a warm month, short of record Clark County has strong Irish presence Basement decor options endless Scientists bite into Neanderthals’ diet Energy Adviser: Please, ‘call before you dig’ If bulbs don’t bloom, consider possible reasons Good test for a gardener: When do you get your first peas? Study could help protect ‘super reefs’ Maintaining old homes a challenge Clark County has strong Irish presence Irish is the second most commonly reported ancestry in Clark County, behind German. Nearly 12 percent of the population, or… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Block 10 News Exciting Parker: States’ rights don’t include cruel, illogical legislation Letter: Officials must listen — and be heard Letter: Herrera Beutler unavailable Letter: Support consumer protections Letter: Pitch in to prevent litter Letter: Time to improve U.S. health care In Our View: Don’t Dismiss CBO Report Camden: Good start, but don’t bet on Legislature beating clock Letter: Trump not equipped for greatness Editorial Cartoons March 12-18 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News County still chipping at nuisance property in Orchards Students hear bevy of options for post-high school life Everybody Has a Story: Circus source of happy memories Scouts earn First Responder badges Volunteer Opportunities Mountain View students top DECA competition Green Mountain students plant trees near Lewis River Ridgefield Library fund gets grant from car dealerships Blazers surprise teens at parks event in Vancouver Knowledge Bowl team places first in regional finals County still chipping at nuisance property in Orchards A years-long effort to bring the nuisance house across the street from Covington Middle School back into compliance is now… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Police seek suspects in alcohol theft at Battle Ground Wal-Mart Police are trying to identify these suspects, who allegedly stole alcohol and assaulted a store worker Monday night at the Battle Ground Wal-Mart. (Battle Ground Police Department) Police are trying to identify these suspects, who allegedly stole alcohol and assaulted a store worker Monday night at the Battle Ground Wal-Mart. (Battle Ground Police Department) Police are trying to identify these suspects, who allegedly stole alcohol and assaulted a store worker Monday night at the Battle Ground Wal-Mart. (Battle Ground Police Department) By Andy Matarrese, Columbian Breaking News Reporter Published: March 7, 2017, 8:37 PM A   A Police are asking for the public to help identify three men who reportedly stole alcohol and assaulted a store employee Monday night at the Battle Ground Wal-Mart. The police said the suspects entered the store together, stole some alcohol, then left. Two of them then re-entered the store, apparently to steal more, but an employee confronted them. The police said the two assaulted the employee as they fled. The department asked anyone who can identify the three to contact Detective Sgt. Kim Armstrong at 360-342-5252 or kim.armstrong@cityofbg.org. Anonymous tips can be submitted to the department at www.cityofbg.org/tips.   Andy Matarrese Columbian Breaking News Reporter  360-735-4457  @col_cops  Send an Email Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
null
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 49° View Live Radar Fri H 62° L 53° Sat H 67° L 38° Sun H 62° L 40° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Russell Gilbert wins re-election for District 5 City Council seat Russell Gilbert wins re-election for District 5 City Council seat March 7th, 2017 by Tyler Jett in Breaking News Russell Gilbert Photo by Contributed Photo /Times Free Press. Related Article Berke defeats three challengers in re-election bid, wins 64 percent of the vote Read more 2017 Chattanooga election results stories Two City Council seats headed for runoffs; Anthony Byrd upsets Moses Freeman in District 8 race Andy Berke wins second term as Chattanooga mayor Anthony Byrd defeats incumbent Moses Freeman to take City Council's District 8 seat Yusuf Hakeem to face Demetrus Coonrod in runoff for District 9 City Council seat Chris Anderson will face Erskine Oglesby in runoff for District 7 City Council seat Russell Gilbert wins re-election for District 5 City Council seat Jerry Mitchell beats Mickey McCamish in race for Chattanooga's District 2 City Council seat Chip Henderson wins re-election to City Council's District 1 Ken Smith, Darrin Ledford, Carol Berz win unopposed Russell Gilbert won tonight's election for the District 5 Chattanooga City Council seat. He received 1,450 votes, or 58.3 percent. Cynthia Stanley-Cash came in second with 831 votes, and Jeffrey Evans finished last with 186 votes. District 5 includes Bonny Oaks, Dalewood, Eastgate, Woodmore and Lake Hills. Gilbert, the incumbent, has been in office since 2008. Among his accomplishments, he lists infrastructure improvements to Lightfoot Mill Road and Tunnel Boulevard. He also helped add sidewalks next to schools in his district, as well as a Wal-Mart Market next to Dalewood Middle School. Gilbert is proud of the new subdivision developing in the Woodmore neighborhood. He hopes to bring a life-skills and trade center to the area and wants to expand early education development programs. Gilbert, 56, is the food service director at Parkridge Valley Hospital. Stanley-Cash said during her campaign that Gilbert is not aggressive enough as a council members. She wants more economic development, more emphasis on neighborhood problems and more government transparency. She also wanted to support local law enforcement for crime-reduction initiatives. She said the city should transform abandoned, foreclosed and deteriorated homes into affordable housing. She also hoped to form community-based small business councils. Stanley-Cash, 62, is a retired UTC administrator. Evans, a pastor, wanted more local resources for released felons, a trade or career center in the district and improved public works. Document: 2017 city election results The 2017 Chattanooga mayoral and City Council election results. View Document More Articles Read previous article Ken Smith, Darrin Ledford, Carol Berz win unopposed Read next article Ex-UTC employee allegedly bought sex toys with stolen funds from Harvard Chattanooga Times Free Press Latest Articles Woman taken to hospital after crashing into pole LIVE: Hamilton County school board meets to discuss financing, agenda Daisy Elementary worker charged with stealing more than $60,000 from child care fund Record number of Hamilton County students are going to college after graduation Fifty-four area arrests made as multiple agencies crack down on crime Highway 153 crash stalls traffic Chattanoogans at Trump speech impressed with message [video] Hamilton County: Application withdrawn for tax break for affordable housing units A third defendant goes to grand jury for fireworks fracas 'Stop movement' order issued after avian flu suspected in Jackson County chickens Luncheon honors Chattanooga Girls Leadership Academy's success Volunteers of America helps 60 veterans find employment
Skip to main navigation Top Navigation SECTIONS News Arts Life Sports Opinion Obituaries Events Galleries Classified CapRegion Cars CapRegion Homes CapRegion Jobs Classified Rentals Login Subscribe Home News Local State National/World Business Education Arts Theater & Dance Music Movies Books Galleries & Museums Life Food Health History Home Restaurants Sports Local High School College National Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Blogs & Columns Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Blogs & Columns Obituaries Events Galleries Classified Hide Advanced Search Narrow your search News Arts Life Sports Opinion All Date Range FROM TO   Subscriber login Enter your email address. Enter the password that accompanies your email address. Forgot Password? Leave this field blank Thursday, March 16, 2017 News What you need to know for 03/16/2017 Lake George, resort areas rely on foreign workers for summer workforce — so what now?9:24 PMHousing board agrees to recognize employees as unionized8:57 PMNow cleared, de Blasio gets out of his own way in mayor's race8:46 PMSchumer: 'We are sounding the alarm now'8:33 PMReport: Driver dies in Colonie crash8:15 PM Since Trump, quiet upstate N.Y. road becomes busy exit from U.S. Since Trump, quiet upstate N.Y. road becomes busy exit from U.S. 'People just want to live their life and not be scared' RICK ROJAS/The New York Times | March 7, 2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL A woman comforts her son as his father is handcuffed by a Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer. Photographer: Todd Heisler/The New York Times CHAMPLAIN, N.Y. — Roxham Road is a quiet country road jutting off another quiet country road, where a couple of horses munch on soggy hay and a ditch running along the muddy pavement flows with melted snow. It cuts through a thicket of dormant trees, passing a half-dozen trailer homes and after almost a mile runs into a line of boulders and a rusted railing with a sign: Road Closed. Chris Crowningshiele has been driving a cab, on and off, for 30 years in this rural corner of upstate New York known as the North Country. He lives south of here in Plattsburgh, and his fares usually come from ferrying students from a state university there or picking shoppers up at a Wal-Mart in his gray minivan. But in recent weeks, riders have been asking him — two, three, sometimes as many as seven times a day — to bring them to the end of Roxham Road. He is carrying them on the last leg of their journey out of the United States. Just on the other side of that sign is Canada. Border officials and aid workers there say there has been a surge in people illegally crossing from the United States in the months since President Donald Trump was elected, many of them natives of Muslim countries making bids for asylum. Roxham Road, just a brief detour from a major border crossing on Interstate 87, has become one of the busier illegal points of entry. Crowningshiele picks up passengers in Plattsburgh, mostly at the airport or the bus station, and over the 25-mile drive north, they have told him that they had traveled from across the country. Some were migrants from Yemen and Turkey. They confided that they were fearful, of what was happening in the countries they wanted to leave behind — not just their homeland but now also the United States — and of what they faced once they stepped out of Crowningshiele’s cab. “You wonder what’s going through their heads, you know?” he said. Many of his passengers have been families, with parents carrying young children and whatever possessions they could take with them. “People just want to live their life,” Crowningshiele, 48, said, “and not be scared.” Given their proximity to Canada, people around here have always had some awareness of the world beyond the border. A pop music station in Montreal comes through clearly on the radio, and it is not all that unusual to make a run to the other side to shop. But the steady stream of cabs that have started driving up Roxham Road has forced them to reckon with life on the border and decisions made in Washington in ways they never have before. This is not exactly Trump Country. In Clinton County, which includes Champlain, Hillary Clinton eclipsed Trump by 610 votes. Many residents on Roxham Road said they did not bother to vote and had followed politics just enough to feel disenchanted, if not disgusted. “I used to just blow everything off,” said Melissa Beshaw, whose house is the second to last before the border. “I was never into politics until this road became famous.” She, like some others, was quick to assign blame to Trump. Immigration advocates in Canada said the reasons for fleeing were more complicated: The president’s executive order in January on immigration that affected countries that are mostly Muslim was certainly a factor, but so were frustration with the immigration process in general and concern over anti-Muslim rhetoric. Migrants have been coming to places like Roxham Road not because they want to sneak over the border; the expectation is to walk right into the arms of the Canadian authorities. An agreement between the United States and Canada makes it virtually impossible for them to ask for asylum at a legal border crossing; Canadian border officials would have to turn them back. But a technicality allows them to bypass the agreement by illegally setting foot in Canada. “Once they get arrested, they’re already on Canadian soil,” said Jean-Sébastien Boudreault, the president of the Quebec Immigration Lawyers Association, “so we have to let them do a refugee claim.” Just after a gentle rain let up on a recent afternoon, a blue Prius with a yellow taxi sign perched on its roof approached the border. A husband and wife got out. He loaded on a backpack, a duffel bag and several shopping bags. She carried a young boy. The couple declined to speak with a reporter, though the man said they were Turkish. The family was the second spotted arriving that day on Roxham Road, with at least two other cabs coming later. By the count of the people living on the road, it was a slow day. Almost 20 people had come the day before. As the family approached the border, a member of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police told them it was not legal for them to enter here. If they continued, he said, they would be arrested. “I apologize about this,” the man replied, his voice unsure, “but I have to break your rules.” He paused. “I’m sorry.” The couple hopped across a narrow, mucky creek that divides the two countries. A Canadian officer gently grabbed the woman’s left arm as she held her son in the crook of her right arm, helping her up. Lawyers said families like this one are usually taken to immigration offices at the nearest legal border crossing, where they can officially ask for asylum. If they have identification and do not appear to pose a security threat, the lawyers said, they are typically released and given a bus ticket to Montreal, where they wait for a hearing on their refugee status. Many of them are staying at a YMCA there. The border crossings, despite being freighted with emotion, happen quickly and can seem almost procedural, occurring over and over every day in recent weeks. Tony George Hogle Sr. has lived on Roxham Road for almost 25 years, moving in when it was still a strip of dirt. He said that years ago the road had been an official crossing. He certainly has noticed the pickup in traffic recently. He has seen people left at the intersection, forced to drag their suitcases a mile through the snow. His sleep apnea keeps him awake, he said, and he has seen taxis creeping up the road in the dead of night. Hogle did not vote in November and said he was “leery” of Trump. On some counts, he said, the president is “doing all right.” Trump’s campaign promises about the economy and bringing back jobs had some appeal. There are some jobs around here, mostly in warehouses, Hogle said, but he wished there was better-paying work. He used to be a forklift driver in a warehouse before a medical condition left him on disability. His wife works at a gas station and at a discount store. “I think what he set out to do, he’s doing,” Hogle, 54, said of Trump. “He’s a man of his word.” He understood the president’s motivation in pursuing his immigration policies, but the situation at his own doorstep made him question the “way he went about it.” “I can see his point of view,” he said. “He’s trying to protect the United States. It’s hard. Some are good. Not everybody’s bad. Just like the white man — you have good ones and you have bad ones. There should be something better than this.” Across the street from Hogle, Matthew Turner said the influx has been unsettling. “I’m not OK with it,” he said of the border crossings, “but I definitely can’t blame them.” He recently discovered the lock on his shed had been tampered with and worried that border security was not tight enough. “I used to hunt along the border,” said Parker Cashman, who was staying with Turner, “and there’s too many places where it’s too easy to cross.” “Maybe we need to build a wall!” Turner replied, jokingly. “Have Canada pay for it!” He pointed out that Roxham Road can be hard to find. Type it into Google Maps, and the pinpoint lands on a roadway on the other side of the border. “It’s almost like this road doesn’t exist,” said Turner, 21, a warehouse worker. It is unclear how the border hoppers, as some call them, first found Roxham Road. There are moments when residents are frustrated by it, like the day when local television stations discovered what was happening and came out with their satellite trucks. But, mostly, they sympathize with the people passing through. Beshaw, who stays at home to raise two grandsons in her custody, said she has never had a conversation or even shared a word with the migrants. But she has watched as the taxis arrive again and again, and she sees the passengers, especially the children, getting out and trudging through rain, snow and bitter cold. “I don’t feel sorry for the adults as much as the kids,” she said. Still, she understands their motivation. “All they want is a life like what we have,” she said. Beshaw also wishes that life for her would return to how it was just a few weeks ago. “It was a quiet road,” she said wistfully. As dusk settled in, dogs could be heard yapping through the woods, and Beshaw's grandsons pedaled around on their bicycles, chasing each other. Before long, darkness blanketed the trees and stars freckled the vast country sky. All was quiet on Roxham Road, except for the babbling water in the ditch. Still, just over the border, Mounties were posted on a muddy hill, waiting for the next car to arrive. View Comments Hide Comments Related Content Schumer: 'We are sounding the alarm now' Wells Fargo leaders reaped lavish pay even as scandal unfolded Flynn was paid by Russian-linked firms, letter shows Trump proposes eliminating arts, humanities endowments How Trump budget cuts would hurt locally Lack of Oxford comma costs Maine company millions in overtime dispute SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Premium Content Lake George, resort areas rely on foreign workers for summer workforce — so what now? 9:24 PM Proposed shop at former Chubby's Pizza in Schenectady sparks debate 6:40 PM How Trump budget cuts would hurt locally 5:38 PM 'Shark Tank' winner visits Schenectady alma mater 5:30 PM Stay up-to-date with the Daily Gazette's PM Edition The latest news delivered directly to your inbox every day at 2 p.m. Email Address Most read in News The problem with being named Rotterdam Schenectady man opens new gym Schenectady police investigate State Street shooting Missing Schenectady teen located Changes in works at Rivers Casino, including poker tournaments The locally owned voice of the capital region Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Plus Pintrest RSS The Daily Gazette Co. 2345 Maxon Rd Ext. PO Box 1090 Schenectady, NY 12301 Get Directions (518) 374-4141 © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service Learn more about the Daily Gazette Advertise with the Daily Gazette Services Contact Us Activate Online Access Missed Delivery Vacation Stop FAQ Careers Read the E-Edition Quick Links Ask a Doc Fun & Games Area Legislators Places of Worship Closings Weather TV Listings All Blogs & Columns Submit a Letter Buy Photos Other Publications & Events 50+ Living Expo Your Niskayuna Your Clifton Park CapRegion Pets Footer menu © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service You have 0 articles 1 articles 2 articles 3 articles 4 articles 5 articles 6 articles 7 articles remaining of Daily Gazette free premium content. You have reached your monthly premium content limit. Continue to enjoy Daily Gazette premium content by becoming a subscriber. Start here Already a subscriber? Log In
Hot Topics: Latest police blotters Fall Harvest Car Show top 50 Addressing FM biz rumors Alzheimer's Walk Chat with Coroner Obits Print   Email   Font Resize Police & Courts Fort Morgan Police Department Posted:   03/07/2017 05:11:45 PM MST Editor's Note: The Fort Morgan Times relies on reports from law enforcement to create the blotter. All charges are alleged by law enforcement and may not reflect the charges filed by the court. All individuals are considered innocent until proven guilty by the law.February 12 Jesus Calderon-Jacquez, 19, of Fort Morgan was released on a summons for underage possession of marijuana in the 100 block of W. 7th Ave. February 17 Police investigated a no injury traffic accident at the intersection of Railroad and Lake. Marco Juan-Juan, 48, of Fort Morgan was charged with improper backing. February 18 Police investigated a hit and run incident when a 72-year-old Fort Morgan resident was hit while walking at the intersection of Aspen and Ram. February 22 Police investigated a no injury traffic accident at the intersection of Railroad and Sherman. Ali Farhiya, 27, of Fort Morgan was charged with careless driving. February 24 Police investigated an attempted burglary in the 100 block of West Street. Duztin Spelts, 27, of Fort Morgan was arrested for vandalism, harassment, violation of a restraining order and domestic violence in the 400 block of Cherry. No bond. February 25 Police investigated a no injury traffic accident at the intersection of Arapahoe and Cheyenne. Douglas Schossow, 55, of Fort Morgan was charged with failure to drive on the right side of the road. February 26 Sarera Barton, 31, of Fort Morgan was arrested for shoplifting and attempting to influence a public servant. No bond. Advertisement Robert Dilka, 33, of Wiggins was charged with bigamy. No bond. Police investigated a first degree criminal trespass and theft report in the 1000 block of Ram Avenue. Items reported stolen included a gym bag, protein and workout supplements, shoes and shirts valued at $450. Katherine Murphy, 41, of Fort Morgan was charged with shoplifting and theft at Walmart. Items recovered included a shelf bracket and wristband valued at $26.54. Bond $300. February 27 Dylan Kahrs, 32, of Brush was charged with shoplifting and theft at Walmart. Item recovered was a bicycle light valued at $24.87. Released on a summons to appear. Christopher Hammond, 25, transient was arrested on a felony warrant and held on $40,000 bond and Byron Stieb, 22, transient, was arrested on a felony warrant, $1,000 bond in the 1600 block of Main Street. February 28 Jessica Perry, 31, unknown address was charged with obstructing police and trespass in the 300 block of Main Street. $300 bond. March 2 Jessica Hoyt, 27, of Wiggins was charged with violation of a restraining order and violation of bail bond conditions in the 200 block of Main Street. No bond. Joann Urrutia, 35, of Brush was arrested on a warrant out of Morgan County. No bond. March 4 Jay Carmen Cano, 38, of Fort Morgan was arrested for possession of a schedule II controlled substance, violation of bail bond conditions, tampering with physical evidence, resisting arrest and on a warrant out of Morgan County. No bond. Jonathan Cano, 29, of Fort Morgan was charged with possession of a schedule II substance, theft and 3rd degree criminal trespass. No bond. Musab Arbab, 31, of Fort Morgan was arrested on a warrant out of Fort Morgan in the 500 block of East Kiowa, $750 bond. Jesus Alberto Hernandez-Mata, 27, of Fort Morgan was arrested for criminal mischief and domestic violence. No bond. March 5 Sarera Barton, 31, of Fort Morgan was charged with aggravated motor vehicle theft in the 600 block of Deuel. Property stolen and recovered was a 1995 Oldsmobile valued at $805. No bond. Pedro Albelo, 31, of Fort Morgan was released on a summons after being charged with excreting in public in the 100 block of West Kiowa. Ricardo Rivera-Cruz, 24, of Fort Morgan was charged with DUI, driving without a valid drivers license, uninsured vehicle and expired license plates in the 300 block of Prospect. $2,500 bond. Return to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Morgan County Sheriff's Department Police launch adopt-a-school program St. Patrick's Day DUI enforcement begins Friday   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 48° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Occasional late night drizzle. Tonight Cloudy with drizzle developing overnight. Low 42F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: March 16, 2017 @ 3:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Glen Carbon news and events for the week of March 8 Mar 8, 2017 (…) Glen Carbon Library programs Upcoming events at the Glen Carbon Library include: • Stop by for these upcoming youth events — Preschool Learning Lab ("World Holidays") at 6:30 p.m. March 8; STARS with Dogs at 6:30 p.m. March 8; Escape Room for Kids at 1 p.m. March 11; and Junior Friends of the Library at 6:30 p.m. March 15. • The Glen Carbon Library is starting an Adult Coloring Club where people can enjoy this relaxing past time with friends and meet new people. The first meeting will be from 6:30 to 7:30 p.m. March 13. All needed supplies will be provided by the library or participants are welcome to bring their own. For all programs requiring registration, call 618-288-1212, register at the Help Desk or visit glencarbonlibrary.org. Bereavement support sessions Individuals mourning the loss of a loved one are invited to attend one or all of the 2017 bereavement offerings sponsored by SSM Health at Home – Hospice of Glen Carbon. These bereavement sessions are free and open to anyone in the area who has experienced the loss of a loved one within the past year. The upcoming SSM Hospice Bereavement offerings will be held over three Thursdays in 2017: March 9; June 29; and Sept. 21. Each session begins at 11:30 a.m., concludes by 1 p.m. and includes a light lunch. These sessions will be held at the SSM Health at Home office, 20 Junction Drive West, Suite 4, in Glen Carbon. If you have questions or would like to reserve your place at an upcoming session, call the SSM Health at Home office at 618-288-8023. Corned Beef & Cabbage Corned beef and cabbage, including potatoes, green beans, dessert and a drink, will be served from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. March 12, at the Edwardsville Masonic Lodge, 90 Kriege Farm Road, in Glen Carbon (behind Walmart). Eat-in or carry-out is available. The cost is $10 for adults and $3 for children 10 and under. For more information, call 618-656-7137. Glen Carbon Seniors Group The Glen Carbon Seniors Group meets from 12:30 to 3 p.m. every Tuesday at the Glen Carbon Senior/Community Center, 157 N. Main St., in Glen Carbon. Join them each week for fun and fellowship, card and table games and shuffleboard when weather permits. For more information, call Russ Marti at 618-288-3165, Bill Newman at 618-288-7748 or Peggy Watson at 618-692-1714. Tags Glen Carbon Il Food Ssm Health Offering Bereavement View (…) comments Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Expert View LATEST NEWS Stock indices hit record, rupee at 16-month high after US Fed sticks to stance on gradual rate hike European shares end at 15-month high after Fed, Dutch vote ICICI Bank raises Rs 3,425 cr via Basel III complaint bonds How Rupee rise helps overseas borrowers Investors will now assume BJP win in 2019 elections, says CLSA’s Chris Wood ET in the Classroom: Things to know about depositories Hospitals stocks to garner more interest OPG Securities moves to Delhi High Court Midcap pharma stocks could be a worthwhile bet Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions ET Home›Markets›Expert View 04:05 PM | 16 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,586187.74 NIFTY 50 9,15468.90 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,425440.00 USD/INR 65.41-0.28 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Bulls take charge on D-St! Sensex rallies 188 pts; Nifty50 at all-time high Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Bullish on HCL Tech & Tech Mahindra, not Infosys: Abhimanyu Sofat, IIFL By ET Now | Updated: Mar 08, 2017, 11.25 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Wipro | Tech Mahindra | TCS | Royal Enfield | Reliance Power | QIP | markets " D-Mart issue is a good opportunity for investors to enter the market.." Company Summary NSE BSE Wipro Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Tech Mahindra Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES TCS Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Reliance Power Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Kotak Bank Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Infosys Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Hindalco Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES HCL Tech Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Reliance PowerKotak BankInfosysHindalcoHCL Tech EXPAND TO VIEW ALL Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 In a chat with ET Now, Abhimanyu Sofat, VP- Research, IIFL, says continues to be bullish on Kotak bank. The capital market business is doing well and that is another area where Kotak has an edge over other banks so I think so it is a stock to hold for long term. Edited excerpts: One is getting a sense that now within IT, it is time to look differently. Earlier IT stocks would be all together but now it is getting very stock specific. Wipro is doing its own bit, there is a buyback in TCS, Infosys may consider a buyback, HCL Tech is outperforming the industry in a sluggish environment. What is your take in largecap IT? I would agree with you. We believe that going forward, the trigger for the sector has to be things like higher dividend payout as well as buyback because from the growth perspective, volatility will continue to be there with challenges on H1-B front. Today we heard about the dependence. So there could be some curbs on that also. So going forward, if you look at the sector, stocks like Tech Mahindra and HCL Tech would be the kind of stocks that we will be more bullish in relation to something like an Infosys. There is a bit of a selling which has come in metal stocks. Are you getting a sense that the spring time for metal is over both for traders and investors? Is it time to get out and that typically happens when a QIP or a large M&A happens or when there is a huge supply which comes in the metal sector. Some of the stocks top out. Last week, Hindalco came out with a mega QIP that got subscribed and guess what after that, metal stocks are topping up. Yes. Structurally concerns still remain in the sector. We are still not sure what is going to happen with China going forward. Having said that. between ferrous and non-ferrous, we will continue to be overweight relatively on the non-ferrous side. So we would be a bit overweight on stocks like Hindalco and Vedanta. As you rightly said, whenever a QIP happens, stocks do tend to go and correct from those levels but if you look at a two-year view, considering the operating leverage advantage that these companies are going to have, we think these are the decent plays within the metal pack as of now. D-Mart is expected to be the Wall Mart of India. The issue is now finally hitting the primary markets. What is the take? Is it a blind subscribe and an obvious one at that? Yes, absolutely. I personally have been going to the D-Mart store for more than a decade. If you look at per square feet revenue that they do, the same store sales growth that is happening there as well as more importantly the model at which they operate which is that they own the property and the payment cycle to the vendors is quite less and are able to do heavy discounting to the consumers. So considering those kind of facts, it is absolute buy and investors especially the retail investors should all go out and invest in this particular issue. It is not that overvalued relative to what one would find a Reliance Power in 2008. It is a good opportunity for investors to enter the market. What is there for investors in the next three months and in next one year because bear in mind D-Mart may be a great company, very smartly crafted business, it is throwing back a lot of cash. It is a cut above all other retail companies but it is price to perfection. If you buy a stop at a PE of 60 you will not make money in the short term or in the medium term? If you look at the current business, they are just spread out in Maharashtra, Gujarat and a little bit in Karnataka. The opportunity on the overall Indian market is quite large for D-Mart relative to the kind of market cap they are getting. There is still a lot of potential in retail. Second, one does not always need to look at the PE. If your operating cash flow is quite good and growth continues, giving a higher multiple for investors should not be a problem and we have seen that in the case of stocks especially in case of Royal Enfield. We have seen that in case of Eicher. If growth is good, investor will continue to give you those kind of higher multiples. Any thoughts on Kotak Bank? Kotak is one of the best managed banks in India and with some kind of M&A related stuff happening or more fund raising, it is going to go stronger and stronger from a long term perspective so we continue to be bullish on the bank. The capital market business is doing well and that is another area where Kotak has an edge over other banks so I think so it is a stock to hold for long term. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Are you a strategic thinker? Test your skills with million.. Online Strategy Game Have You Seen These Luxury Sedans? Luxury Sedan Sponsored Ads This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.comMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Trade secrets of Baniyas that make them super rich From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times This Is How Much A Crossover Should Cost! Crossover Offers Why Should You Get Burial Insurance? Burial Insurance Sponsored Ads Credit Card Reviews. Choose The Best Cash Back Credit Car.. Credit Card Sponsored Ads Women Are Racing To This Site Tophatter 5 old premium smartphones that are still a good buy Tata just unveiled its first sports coupe - TaMo RaceMo Miss Universe: Miss France Iris Mittenaere Wins Crown Samsung Galaxy Note 5 launched in India at Rs 53,900 READ MORE ON » Wipro | Tech Mahindra | TCS | Royal Enfield | Reliance Power | QIP | markets To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Is your bank FD really growing money? Think again and consider this magic trick As indices hit new high, you will have to wait to buy on dips: 10 stocks to look at Two stocks to help in wealth creation: Rajesh Agarwal, AUM Capital Indian stock market beats Pakistan, China, leads global equity markets; what’s next? Tech View: Nifty50 forms 'Maruabozu' pattern, suggests bulls in complete control More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive: Uttarakhand election results|Elections Results 2017 Sensex|Gold rate today Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home National Security Politics Issues Culture Columns Washington Free Beacon National Security Politics Issues Culture Columns Store Maxine Waters Creates Graphic to Show Trump’s ‘Kremlin Klan’ Secret Service Agents Under Investigation for Taking Selfies With Trump’s Sleeping Grandson Van Jones Says Oprah Winfrey Could Beat Trump in 2020 Women’s March Strike Organized By Group With All-Male Leadership 'We want this to be a day where women feel empowered to take a stance on their value in the workplace and the world beyond' Share Tweet Email Getty Images BY: Joe Schoffstall Follow @JoeSchoffstall March 7, 2017 3:05 pm Leaders of the "Day Without a Woman" strike are working with a group that does not have a single female in a leadership position. The Women's March protest group is asking female employees to skip work on March 8 to draw attention to the importance of females in the workplace and highlight "hiring discrimination" against women. "We believe that creating workforce opportunities that reduce discrimination against women and mothers allow economies to thrive," the Women's March website states. "Nations and industries that support and invest in caregiving and basic workplace protections—including benefits like paid family leave, access to affordable childcare, sick days, healthcare, fair pay, vacation time, and healthy work environments—have shown growth and increased capacity." Despite striking for equal opportunities for women in the workplace, the Women's March is working with the Action Network, a group that does not have a single female in its leadership. The Action Network is a Washington, D.C.-based "progressive online organizing platform" that is managing the website and email lists of the Women's March. The group's work is "specifically designed to help organizers channel scattered grassroots energy into something more focused," Vox reported. “The Women's March is a great real-world example of what we were trying to build from the beginning,” Brian Young, executive director of the Action Network, told Vox. Young said the Women's March originally began on Facebook but grew into a organizing hub with its own website. Young is one of five men on the Action Network's board of directors. The board also includes Mark Fleischman, the president of the Action Network Fund, Douglas Land, the group's chairman, Jason Rosenbaum, the fund's director of technology, and Jeffrey Dugas, the group's special projects director. The Action Network Fund is frequently used to mobilize protests against President Donald Trump. The Action Network has partnered with major progressive groups, including the AFL-CIO and National Education Association. The group touts its partnership with Indivisible, a group that provides a "practical guide for resisting the Trump agenda." The group manages lists of volunteers and supporters for the Town Hall Project, a protest group founded by a former Hillary Clinton campaign staffer that encourages people to show up at town halls and protest for progressive policies. The Action Network promotes Women's March events, posting maps to help activists locate marches in their area. It also has organized protests against Walmart. The Action Network shares the same Washington, D.C. address as Change to Win, an SEIU and Teamsters-affiliated labor group. Change to Win is chaired by James P. Hoffa, the president of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. Its secretary is Mary Kay Henry, the president of the SEIU. School closures have been announced in numerous cities due to the Day Without a Woman protest. The protests are placing a "burden on parents" in Alexandria, Virginia, where over 300 female teachers have requested the day off from work. "We want this to be a day where women feel empowered to take a stance on their value in the workplace and the world beyond," Women's March spokeswoman Cassady Fendlay told NBC Washington. Fendlay did not return requests for comment asking why the Women's March is working with a progressive organizing group that does not have any women in leadership positions. This entry was posted in Politics and tagged Protests. Bookmark the permalink. Share Tweet Email Joe Schoffstall   Email Joe | Full Bio | RSS Joe Schoffstall is a staff writer for the Washington Free Beacon. Previously, he spent three years with the Media Research Center and was most recently with the Capitol City Project. He can be reached at Schoffstall@freebeacon.com. His Twitter handle is @JoeSchoffstall. Follow @JoeSchoffstall Today’s STORIES Inside the Ring: Iran Behind Yemeni Rebels’ Explosive Boats Economists Forecast Increasing Growth Over Next Two Years Wendy Davis Says Trump ‘Exhibited Tremendous Sexism’ Before Arrival of Trump Envoy, Palestinian Authority Glorified Terrorist Who Murdered 38 Israelis  Dem Sen. Attends Cocktail Party for Trump Nominee He Opposed Dem Senator Makes Embarrassing On Air Slip Up When Addressing Rachel Maddow NY Senate Democrat Attacks Colleague for His ‘White Privilege’ GOP Senator Praises Dina Powell’s Promotion to Deputy National Security Adviser Suspected Hack Attack Snagging Cell Phone Data Across D.C. Liberals Decry Trump’s ‘Death Star’ Budget: ‘It’s a Kill List’ After Hawaii Strikes Down Trump Travel Ban, Elizabeth Warren Tweets at the President A New Biopic About Hillary Clinton’s Post-Law School Gap Year Is Currently Being Made Washington Free Beacon About Us Masthead Tips Terms of Use Privacy Policy Topics Editor’s Blog ©2017 All Rights Reserved | Site Map
Buyer's Guide Jobs/Classifieds Subscribe About Us Advertise Contact Us RSS Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Trailer Body Builders Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Trailer Output Trailers Truck Bodies Trailer Dealers Distributors, Upfitters Chassis Equipment & Parts Aftermarket Parts Snow & Ice Trailer Components Truck Equipment Fabrication Market Stats Advertisement Home > Market Stats > ‘Strong start’ predicted for 2017 ‘Strong start’ predicted for 2017 Dieli says Truckable Economic Activity will improve this year as rising consumer confidence drives consumption higher Mar 7, 2017 Rick Weber | Trailer/Body Builders EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Advertisement A year ago, Dr Bob Dieli, president & founder of RDLB Inc, predicted the economic mood for 2016 by leaving the audience with some lyrics from “Blank Space,” Taylor Swift’s #1 Billboard hit: It’ll leave you breathless, or with a nasty scar. It was intended to reflect some of the uncertainty that Dieli thought was facing the trucking industry and the heavy-duty aftermarket. “I think it turned out to be a pretty good description of the election,” he said. “Some of us were breathless and some of us have nasty scars. Some of that is going to be part of the issue going forward.” But overall, he believes 2017 will get off to a “strong start,” based on his projections for Truckable Economic Activity (TEA) to improve from the growth in the first three quarters of 2016 (1.8%, 1.2% and 1.6%). “Consumption, buoyed by rising consumer confidence, is expected to continue to lead TEA growth,” he said in a presentation, “The Economics of the HD Aftermarket,” which he shared with Bill Strauss, senior economist and economic advisor for the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. “On the investment front, residential construction should remain in the forefront. Headwinds elsewhere appear to be abating. The recent sideways trend in exports is not expected to change for most of 2017. With consumption still strong, some pick-up in imports is likely in 2017. State and local structures will be the key to whether the government sector is a net plus in 2017. “The expansion phase of the business cycle appears likely to continue through 2017. Domestic events, mainly those surrounding fiscal policy, are expected to have the most effect on TEA over the course of 2017 and 2018. The composition of TEA growth will continue to change. We expect improvements in Truckable Fixed Investment and Truckable Exports. We think they will both do better than they did before. The adjustment to structural transformation will continue—of special concern is the implementation of the ELD regulations.” He said the Enhanced Aggregate Spread is an indicator of the direction of the economy and the first part of what he needs to make a forecast. TEA is a subset of the economy and has its own set of characteristics. “We were not surprised to see the numbers (in 2016),” he said. “We had some trends going on and components that made us feel this forecast was pretty much what it should have been. We see expansion through at least the third quarter of 2017, if not well into next year.” TEA has five components: consumption 45%; investment, 24%; exports, 14%; imports, 10%; and government, 7%. “It’s based on the concept that most everything spends time in a truck,” he said. “It takes the part of GDP that spends time in a truck. Freight has to get from the dock to wherever it’s going, so the arrival of merchandise on our shores creates demand for trucks. As a consequence, we include it in our calculations. “TEA is an early participant in recessions. So we spend time figuring out when a recession will happen. The hit to TEA was quite severe in the last recession in 2009.” But we’re a long way from a recession. The current expansion period, which started in June 2009, is now the third-longest in American history behind March 1991-March 2001 (120 months), February 1961-December 1969 (106 months), and November 1982 to July 1990 (92 months). “TEA and GDP tend to track each other, with TEA generally outperforming GDP in expansions,” he said. “The flip side is that it severely underperforms GDP in recessions. The expectation for rising GDP growth will be reflected in TEA growth. As a consequence, the Aggregate Spread is remaining positive. We still anticipate TEA growth will be positive and probably slightly larger than it was in 2016, in part because of some of the aspects relating to business and consumer confidence we already saw in the fourth quarter.” He said that when TEA goes up, drivers get hired, and when TEA goes down, drivers get fired. Truck transportation employment has been on a steady rise since the middle of 2016. Dieli said hiring patterns are both timely and reliable indicators of trucking activity. He said that as of November 2016, total employment was 1,472,700, with general freight accounting for 69% and specialized freight 31%. “While these data provide an excellent perspective, they do not include the trucking-related hiring at firms that are not in NAICS code 484,” he said. “For example, the drivers at Walmart are counted under retail employment. “Looking at the level and trend of employment is only the first step. Previously, the level and trend of hiring correlated well with the level and trend of trucking activity. We think that the ELD mandate will materially affect how, where, and why freight moves by truck.” He reminded the audience of Stu MacKay’s oft-repeated mantra: “This is not your father’s trucking business.” “Structural change has been the rule,” Dieli said, “and things today are different from what they have been.” What does the Trump Administration mean for the economy? What kind of impact will it have this year and going forward? “I’ll tell you the honest answer: I don’t know,” Strauss said. “The reality is, I don’t think anybody knows. There are certainly proposals that have been stated during the election campaign. Whether those are the ones that are going to be pushed heavily … It’s also an understanding that there are equal branches of government, and he’s going to work with Congress, many of whom have signed a pledge not to increase the deficit. Given the kind of stimulus spending he has talked about, it’s going to be tough to balance that. There is discussion about tax-policy changes, lowering the corporate tax rate. But how do you do that and make it revenue-neutral? Do the rates come down to 25%, 20%, 10%? There is lots of uncertainty. “So when you talk about what the future holds from the economy with this administration, you actually have to first make an assumption of what actually comes into being law. And that’s a big assumption. It is an assumption, in fact, that the Fed does not make. We don’t make those kind of assumptions. In fact, it’s inappropriate for the Fed to make judgments about what fiscal policy will be doing. When we have actions that have been taken that will have an impact on the economy, we analyze that and put it into our model with regard to how its impact on the economy will be. But until that stuff happens, we just don’t make assumptions or changes to the policy.” Strauss said the Fed isn’t the only one reacting in this manner: At the 30th annual Economic Outlook Symposium in December, the view was that the economy is going to grow this year, and it’s going to grow a bit better than last year, but it’s “not going to be anything of a substantial note.” “We heard from people in the steel industry, heavy machinery, banking sectors,” he said. “All the presentations talked about the fact that they’re not ready to change their outlook at this point. However, they all indicated there’s absolute upside risk to economic growth. So I think that’s the way we need to be thinking about some of the numbers. These numbers have a better chance of being a bit stronger. How much stronger, we will have to wait and see.” Strauss said GDP has expanded by 1.7% over the past year—now the third-longest expansion in history—but all in all, “it has not been a very impressive recovery. It’s been kind of just trend-like. In fact, in December, the 17 members of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) put together their outlook, and they expect GDP to grow just above trend over the next three years after what is expected to be between 1.8% and 1.9% for 2016: 1.9% to 2.3% this year, 1.8% to 2.2% in 2018, and 1.8% to 2.0% in 2019.” “If this materializes and we end up going all the way through 2019 without a recession, we will have the longest expansion in our economic history,” he said. He said employment increased by 2.16 million jobs in 2016 and the unemployment rate has fallen to 4.7%, but wages and benefit costs continue to increase at a slow pace. The FOMC forecasts that the unemployment rate will be just below the neutral rate through 2019: 4.5% to 4.6% this year, 4.3% to 4.7% in 2018, and 4.3% to 4.8% in 2019. The FOMC anticipates that Personal Consumption Expenditure (PCE) inflation will be around its 2% target over the next three years: 1.7% to 2.0% this year, 1.9% to 2.0% in 2018, and 2.0% to 2.1% to 2019. The FOMC anticipates that “core” PCE inflation (minus food and energy) will increase every year and reach 2% by 2018. Strauss said slow productivity growth helps explain why relatively strong employment growth has not translated into higher income. “A large part of the weakness in productivity growth has been the weak pace of investment,” he said. He said manufacturing output is flat compared with a year earlier, noting it declined in one of four quarters in 2016. Capacity utilization has been edging lower, the supply managers’ composite index has been strengthening, and industrial production is forecast to improve next year, but expand at a pace below its historical rate. The Blue Chip IP forecast is for 2.5% growth this year and 2.3% in 2018. Strauss said monetary policy has been very aggressive, keeping the Fed Funds Rate very low since December 2008. The Federal Funds Rate is expected to reach neutral (3%) at the end of 2019. Strauss’ summary: •  The outlook is for the US economy to expand at a pace around trend through 2019. •  Employment is expected to rise moderately with the unemployment rate remaining very low. • Disappearing slack in the economy will lead to a gradually rising inflation rate. ♦ Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles ACT Research Predicts Lukewarm Economy Surge Predicted for Light-Truck Sales Moderate GDP growth predicted East European Trailer Market Projected to Grow 5% in 2017 EPA Inc reports strong growth in trailer shipments Advertisement Current Issue Top-25 Trailer Build Off 5.2% Utility Trailer upbeat as 2017 begins Greenkraft opens new plant to build low-emission trucks CURRENT ISSUE  / ARCHIVE Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Connect With Us Facebook RSS Advertisement Trailer-BodyBuilders.com Trailer Output Trailers Truck Bodies Trailer Dealers Distributors, Upfitters Chassis Equipment & Parts Fabrication Market Stats Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Facebook RSS Search Trailer-Bodybuilders.com Search: PISCES Trailer/Body Builders Related Sites Bulk Transporter Refrigerated Transporter American Trucker FleetSeek Fleet Owner WardsAuto American Trucker Equipment Search Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Home News Local Kansas Agriculture KSN Investigates National / World Politics Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Weekly Quiz Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Get Text Alerts Satellite / Radar Threat Tracker blog Alerts Closings & Delays Earthquake Map KSN Metrocam Sports State of Madness Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games More Contact Us TV Schedule Our Team Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Telemundo in Kansas Work for Us Honor a Kansas Nurse St. Jude Dream Home Live Video Report It Experts 66° F Broken Clouds Hi: 74° F Lo: 54° F Radar Forecast Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Kansas Agriculture KSN Investigates National / World Politics Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Weekly Quiz Featured: Auto Recalls Kansas Wildfires Product Recalls Latest Headlines Wichita police, bars prepare for NCAA tournament and St. Patty’s Updated: 21 mins ago Wichita restaurants and bars spent Thursday preparing for a busy weekend. KU fans pack BOK Center for Jayhawks’ first practice at NCAA tourney 7:15 pm KU fans packed into the Bok Center, giving the arena the feel of the opening day of the tourney. Shockers, fans ready for Friday night NCAA tip-off 6:19 pm Children help care for orphaned calves 6:16 pm Incorrect addresses being used in Barton County 5:20 pm Weather Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Get Text Alerts Satellite / Radar Threat Tracker blog Alerts Closings & Delays Earthquake Map KSN Metrocam Current Conditions 66° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 66° F Wind: SSE 16 Humidity: 65% Dewpoint: 54° F Sunrise: 7:37 AM Sunset: 7:37 PM Kansas Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Temperatures Mobile App Sponsored by: Sports Sports State of Madness Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Sports Latest Headlines KU fans pack BOK Center for Jayhawks’ first practice at NCAA tourney 7:15 pm KU fans packed into the Bok Center, giving the arena the feel of the opening day of the tourney. Shockers, fans ready for Friday night NCAA tip-off 6:19 pm The Wichita State Shockers may not play until Friday in the NCAA Men’s Basketball Tournament, but fans are already starting to flock into In… Kansas’ NCAA entries ranked as ‘military friendly’ schools 5:08 pm Shocker fans arrive in Indianapolis 2:50 pm Dave Stallworth, All American Shocker player, passes away 12:54 pm Entertainment Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games Latest Headlines Target is counting on Victoria Beckham to spice up sales 4:10 pm Target is counting on Victoria Beckham to spice up sales. Google hopes to improve search quality with ‘offensive’ flag 4:54 pm Google is now directing its review teams to flag content that might come across as upsetting or offensive in search results. Shaq furnishes home of Atlanta girl who survived dog attack 10:34 am Demi Lovato on 5 years sober: ‘It’s been quite the journey’ 7:59 am Ivana Trump writing memoir about her children with Donald March 15, 2017 More Contact Us TV Schedule Our Team Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Telemundo in Kansas Work for Us Honor a Kansas Nurse St. Jude Dream Home Live Video Report It Experts Search for: Search the site 66° F Broken Clouds Hi: 74° F Lo: 54° F Some Reno County residents allowed to return home KSN-TV Published: March 7, 2017, 7:53 pm Updated: March 8, 2017, 10:14 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Many residents who were evacuated from the Highlands area in Reno County return home Tuesday night. (Photo: KSN/Chris Arnold) RENO COUNTY, Kan. (KSNW) – Some residents of Reno County who were evacuated due to wildfires the re-ignited Monday night are being allowed to return home. Click on map to enlarge. Sheriff Randy Henderson said in a news release residents who present a photo ID are being allowed to return to their residents in The Highlands area. The entry point for those residents is a checkpoint at 82nd Avenue and Monroe. Some areas, however, will remain closed, Henderson said. Residents of the Highlands area will be allowed back into their homes. Because of damage in Highlands, residents will be required to show a photo ID, proving that they live in the area. The area from south of 82nd street and west of Plum will now be opened as well. Henderson said residents will not be going through security to re-populate that area. Henderson said 43rd Ave to 108th Ave/County Line, and from Plum Street to Old K-61 Highway are still closed. In addition 82nd Ave between Plum Street and Monroe Street will remain closed. “How does it feel to have this all opened up now?  Um nice,” said resident Lisa Voth. “Very excited, I think my wife is even more excited and I think my son is even more excited,” said another resident, Ron Kyker. But, while many Highlands residents are returning home, fire crews are are still battling areas deemed dangerous. The area that remains closed is still considered dangerous due to hot spots and “islands” within the perimeter that have not previously burned and other hazards such as downed power lines, Henderson said. Officials said eight homes and one vehicle so far have been destroyed. So far, no one has been injured. An estimated 6,300 acres of Reno and Rice County have burned. Hutchinson Interim Fire Chief Doug Hanen says crews will continue to work hard to maintain the fire line. “We’ll be doing the same thing we’ve been doing, we’ll make sure that line is what we call cold.” Law enforcement officers continue to provide security in the evacuation zone. The shelter at the Encampment Building at the Kansas State Fairgrounds remains open. This includes a pet shelter and also space for horses. For information and updates, residents can call 2-1-1, which is an information hotline run by United Way. Also the United Way will be taking financial donations for those impacted by the fire. You can contact 2-1-1 about the donations. One hundred percent of those donations will come back to the local community. Donations of items for responders and evacuees are being accepted at the Garden Center at Wal-Mart, 1905 E. 17th in Hutchinson until 8 p.m. Please do not bring any donations to the fire stations. Salvation Army and Red Cross are coordinating the feeding of first responders. A special recognition to the Hutchinson/Reno County Emergency Communications dispatchers as they handled over 2500 calls in the past four days. TERT (Telecommunication Emergency Response Team) deployed to Reno County and has manned the Emergency Operation Center non-emergency call center the past two days. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest Google Tumblr More Send to Kindle LinkedIn Pocket Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Black Hawk helicopters help battle grass fires in Reno and Rice counties Officials on Reno County wildfire: ‘This is a long way from being over’ Kansas community says thank you to first responders Hutchinson residents react to fire damage Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending now on KSN.com Popular on KSN KSN LINKS as mentioned on KSN News Photo Galleries local weather and news Report It! Submit a photo to KSN Contests Enter to win! Download KSN App [iPhone/iPad] [Android] Text Alerts Breaking News, Weather, Closings Email Breaking News, Weather, Headlines Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNW-TV © 1998-2017 KSN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Sports Entertainment Weather Station About Us Our Team Mobile Text Alerts Email Alerts Jobs at KSN Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File (KSNW) FCC Public File (KSNC) FCC Public File (KSNG) FCC Public File (KSNK) EEO Report FCC Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1iioykx1nml4ve/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
News Sports Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Sheriff's dive team on standby as crews continue search for Noah Abbott Tuesday Mar 7, 2017 at 5:43 PM Mar 7, 2017 at 5:43 PM Jose Quintero Staff Writer @DD_jquintero HESPERIA — The San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department’s dive team is on standby in the event Noah Abbott’s body is found in the California Aqueduct, according to team commander Doug Wolfe. The 2-year-old has been missing since the tragic single-vehicle crash that claimed the lives of his brother Jeremiah Abbott, 3, and their mother Christina Eileen Estrada, 31, of Hesperia, when their red Volkswagen convertible went through a fence on Main Street and into the aqueduct on Thursday night. Noah’s brother Elijah Estrada, 10, was pulled from the water by Dustin and Rod DeYoung, who were driving by when they saw the Volkswagen crash into the aqueduct. Elijah was transported to Loma Linda University Medical Center, authorities said. Elijah suffered a gash on his head, but was recovering well and has since been released from the hospital, according to family members. Wolfe, who is a lieutenant assigned to the Central Sheriff’s Station, said on Twitter the team is on standby and grounds crews and aqueduct employees continue to search a 7-mile stretch of the California Aqueduct. Sheriff’s officials say there is no update on the investigation into the crash, which continues, and the Hesperia Sheriff’s Station deputies and volunteers are continuing to search for Noah. Authorities and volunteers were spotted at several points along the California Aqueduct. Sheriff’s volunteer forces mounted on horses also spotted along the aqueduct. “Unfortunately we don’t have any further updates. We’ve brought in our search-and-rescue team and our citizens patrol, along with deputies to keep looking for Noah,” Hesperia Sheriff’s Station spokeswoman Jackie Chambers told the Daily Press near the California Aqueduct, just off Summit Valley Road on Tuesday afternoon. “We are staffing this as much as we can with our volunteers and our deputies to come out and continue the search.” Hesperia resident Sean Skare said he is a next-door neighbor of the family and said Noah and Jeremiah were his daughter Faith’s best friends. Skare was in Texas when he heard the tragic news and did not fly home until Monday night. “This is such a tragic event and it was heartbreaking learning about what happened and not being able to come home and talk to Kevin (Noah’s father),” Skare said as he stood near the California Aqueduct. “My heart hurts for this family and I wish they could just get the closure they need. "We really lost amazing kids. My wife and I loved those kids just as if they were ours. These boys were really loved by their father. They were his life. He was raising them right. You spend time with them and you would know that they were going to grow to be good men. They were so polite and it hurts to know my daughter’s best friends are gone. We still don’t know how to tell her.” On Monday, dozens of people met in the parking lot of Wal-Mart in Hesperia to take part in a sight search for Noah's body. The search was organized by several residents who have been following the story waiting to hear if “baby Noah” had been found. The sight search Monday took several large groups of people to various points along the aqueduct. Some of those residents were seen along various points of the aqueduct Tuesday. The organizers thought of the idea after authorities concluded the search due to zero visibility in the water for the divers and the team was removed from the water due to unsafe conditions Saturday afternoon. “We really appreciate the help from residents but there are safety issues it could cause,” Chambers said. “This is a public area so we will not kick anyone off the aqueduct. We just encourage the public to stay safe and alert while walking along the water.” About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Report a problem Online Services RSS Feeds Newsletters/Alerts Archives Article archive Advertising Info Advertise with us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. DesertDispatch.com ~ Coolwater Lane, Barstow, CA, 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Photo Galleries Nation & World Shareable Databases Obituaries Sports Auto Racing Opinion Business Customer Service Self Service: E-paper Self-Service: Home delivery Subscribe E-Paper Help Request a Temporary Stop RSS Feeds More Photos Videos Calendar Place an Ad Route 66 Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Real Estate Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications false
Local News Broward News Two arrested in car burglaries outside Dania beach synagogue Jamal Meyeres and Deneisha Bruce Broward Sheriff's Office/Courtesy Jamal Meyers, 29, of Davie and Deneisha Bruce, 23, of Dania Beach, are facing charges related to eight car burglaries and using stolen credit cards. Jamal Meyers, 29, of Davie and Deneisha Bruce, 23, of Dania Beach, are facing charges related to eight car burglaries and using stolen credit cards. (Broward Sheriff's Office/Courtesy) Rebeca PiccardoContact ReporterSun Sentinel Privacy Policy Like any other Friday, Moshe Elbilia attended synagogue with his wife and kids, leaving his car parked there overnight, intending to pick it up once the Sabbath ended on Saturday evening. But last month, Elbilia and at least seven other people returned to find each of their cars with the driver’s side window smashed. “It’s not something you expect to see,” Elbilia said. “It’s not something pleasant.” The Broward Sheriff’s Office on Tuesday announced two arrests in connection with the Feb. 3 car burglaries at 2615 Stirling Road, near Eliyahu Hanavi Beit Midrash synagogue in Dania Beach. Jamal Meyers, 29, of Davie and Deneisha Bruce, 23, of Dania Beach, are facing charges related to the car burglaries and credit card fraud. Investigators say someone, later identified as Meyers, broke into the cars that had been left parked overnight by members of the synagogue. Elbilia said that during the Sabbath, he and other members walk home from the synagogue and pick up their cars the next day. “As a religious person, you don’t drive on the Sabbath,” Elbilia said. “We [also] don’t use cellphones [during the Sabbath], so we had to wait until Saturday night to call police.” Each car had been rummaged through, but only three had items missing, according to an incident report. Some of the items stolen were driver licenses, credit cards and GPS systems. During the investigation, detectives discovered that Meyers used one of the victim’s credit cards at the Chevron gas station about an hour after the car burglaries. On that same night, Bruce gave her name and address when she ordered $100 worth of food from a Pizza Hut using one of the stolen credit cards and had it delivered to her house, according to her arrest report. The next morning, Bruce also tried to buy more than $500 worth of items from a Walmart with another one of the stolen cards. She was caught on surveillance video inside the Walmart, her arrest report said. During the investigation, someone related to Meyers identified him to authorities, according to his arrest report. After the two arrests, Investigators were able to return the stolen items back to their rightful owners, the sheriff’s office said. Bruce was released Saturday on a $3,100 bond, the sheriff’s office said. Meyers is being held on a $7,400 bond at the Broward Main Jail. rpiccardo@sun-sentinel.com, 954-356-4544 or Twitter @rebecapiccardo Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Crime Theft All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 62°
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NBA MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL NFL Football Frenzy NCAA Football Scholar Athlete of the Week Report It! Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Scholar Athlete of the Week Hidden History Full Court Bracket Buster Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Work for Us Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 65° F Clear Hi: 67° F Lo: 49° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Latest Headlines Olathe shooting victims honored at Kansas Statehouse Updated: 31 mins ago “I want everyone to remember Srinivas as a man of patience, a man of perseverance, hard work and that’s what he is, what he will be and we w… Former Wildcat Marcus Foster catches up with former teammates Updated: 39 mins ago “Oh yeah i just finished talking to (Wesley Iwundu) just a bit ago,” Foster said. “I know he’s excited about what Kansas State is doing. I’m… Butler does it, topping Winthrop 76-64 behind Avery Woodson 7:00 pm Robinson gets hot, No. 4 seed Florida beats ETSU 80-65 6:52 pm Four Topeka men charged in triple murder 6:47 pm Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 65° F Clear Feels Like: 65° F Wind: SSE 14 Humidity: 63% Dewpoint: 52° F Sunrise: 7:31 AM Sunset: 7:30 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NBA MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL NFL Football Frenzy NCAA Football Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Former Wildcat Marcus Foster catches up with former teammates Updated: 42 mins ago “Oh yeah i just finished talking to (Wesley Iwundu) just a bit ago,” Foster said. “I know he’s excited about what Kansas State is doing. I’m… Butler does it, topping Winthrop 76-64 behind Avery Woodson 7:00 pm Butler moves on to a second-round matchup Saturday against fifth-seeded Minnesota or 12th-seeded Middle Tennessee. Robinson gets hot, No. 4 seed Florida beats ETSU 80-65 6:52 pm NCAA Tournament will cost employers an estimated $4 billion 6:36 pm NCAA Tournament: Meet the 2017 Mascots 6:35 pm Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Scholar Athlete of the Week Hidden History Full Court Bracket Buster Latest Headlines Family and community join to celebrate the life of Blake Cazier #TeamBlake 7:36 am “Blake touched so many and he will always be in the hearts of his many followers.” Kaw Valley Bank to be sold to Kansas bank holding company March 15, 2017 “The proposed new owners have good experience with community banking and they understand the importance of a bank to the community.” Memorial service set for victim of Topeka triple murder March 15, 2017 Girl Scouts having fun with Westar Energy March 15, 2017 Family remembers man after Goodyear plant death March 15, 2017 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Work for Us Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 65° F Clear Hi: 67° F Lo: 49° F Some Reno County residents allowed to return home KSN TV Published: March 7, 2017, 11:51 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Firefighters from across Kansas and Oklahoma battle a wildfire near Protection, Kan., Monday, March 6, 2017. (Bo Rader/The Wichita Eagle via AP) RENO COUNTY, Kan. (KSNW) – Some residents of Reno County who were evacuated due to wildfires the re-ignited Monday night are being allowed to return home. Click on map to enlarge. Sheriff Randy Henderson said in a news release residents who present a photo ID are being allowed to return to their residents in The Highlands area. The entry point for those residents is a checkpoint at 82nd Avenue and Monroe. Some areas, however, will remain closed, Henderson said. Residents of the Highlands area will be allowed back into their homes. Because of damage in Highlands, residents will be required to show a photo ID, proving that they live in the area.   The area from south of 82nd street and west of Plum will now be opened as well. Henderson said residents will not be going through security to re-populate that area. Henderson said 43rd Ave to 108th Ave/County Line, and from Plum Street to Old K-61 Highway are still closed. In addition 82nd Ave between Plum Street and Monroe Street will remain closed. “How does it feel to have this all opened up now?  Um nice,” said resident Lisa Voth. “Very excited, I think my wife is even more excited and I think my son is even more excited,” said another resident, Ron Kyker. But, while many Highlands residents are returning home, fire crews are are still battling areas deemed dangerous. The area that remains closed is still considered dangerous due to hot spots and “islands” within the perimeter that have not previously burned and other hazards such as downed power lines, Henderson said. Officials said eight homes and one vehicle so far have been destroyed. So far, no one has been injured. An estimated 6,300 acres of Reno and Rice County have burned. Hutchinson Interim Fire Chief Doug Hanen says crews will continue to work hard to maintain the fire line. “We’ll be doing the same thing we’ve been doing, we’ll make sure that line is what we call cold.” Law enforcement officers continue to provide security in the evacuation zone. The shelter at the Encampment Building at the Kansas State Fairgrounds remains open. This includes a pet shelter and also space for horses. For information and updates, residents can call 2-1-1, which is an information hotline run by United Way. Also the United Way will be taking financial donations for those impacted by the fire. You can contact 2-1-1 about the donations.  One hundred percent of those donations will come back to the local community. Donations of items for responders and evacuees are being accepted at the Garden Center at Wal-Mart, 1905 E. 17th in Hutchinson until 8 p.m. Please do not bring any donations to the fire stations. Salvation Army and Red Cross are coordinating the feeding of first responders. A special recognition to the Hutchinson/Reno County Emergency Communications dispatchers as they handled over 2500 calls in the past four days. TERT (Telecommunication Emergency Response Team) deployed to Reno County and has manned the Emergency Operation Center non-emergency call center the past two days. Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Officials on Reno County wildfire: ‘This is a long way from being over’ Officials on Reno County wildfire: ‘This is a long way from being over’ Black Hawk helicopters help battle grass fires in Reno and Rice counties Reno County fire crews battle two grass fires Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 1998-2017 KSNT.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NBA MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL NFL Football Frenzy NCAA Football Scholar Athlete of the Week Report It! Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Scholar Athlete of the Week Hidden History Full Court Bracket Buster Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Work for Us Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 65° F Clear Hi: 67° F Lo: 49° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Latest Headlines Olathe shooting victims honored at Kansas Statehouse Updated: 31 mins ago “I want everyone to remember Srinivas as a man of patience, a man of perseverance, hard work and that’s what he is, what he will be and we w… Former Wildcat Marcus Foster catches up with former teammates Updated: 39 mins ago “Oh yeah i just finished talking to (Wesley Iwundu) just a bit ago,” Foster said. “I know he’s excited about what Kansas State is doing. I’m… Butler does it, topping Winthrop 76-64 behind Avery Woodson 7:00 pm Robinson gets hot, No. 4 seed Florida beats ETSU 80-65 6:52 pm Four Topeka men charged in triple murder 6:47 pm Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 65° F Clear Feels Like: 65° F Wind: SSE 14 Humidity: 63% Dewpoint: 52° F Sunrise: 7:31 AM Sunset: 7:30 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NBA MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL NFL Football Frenzy NCAA Football Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Former Wildcat Marcus Foster catches up with former teammates Updated: 42 mins ago “Oh yeah i just finished talking to (Wesley Iwundu) just a bit ago,” Foster said. “I know he’s excited about what Kansas State is doing. I’m… Butler does it, topping Winthrop 76-64 behind Avery Woodson 7:00 pm Butler moves on to a second-round matchup Saturday against fifth-seeded Minnesota or 12th-seeded Middle Tennessee. Robinson gets hot, No. 4 seed Florida beats ETSU 80-65 6:52 pm NCAA Tournament will cost employers an estimated $4 billion 6:36 pm NCAA Tournament: Meet the 2017 Mascots 6:35 pm Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Scholar Athlete of the Week Hidden History Full Court Bracket Buster Latest Headlines Family and community join to celebrate the life of Blake Cazier #TeamBlake 7:36 am “Blake touched so many and he will always be in the hearts of his many followers.” Kaw Valley Bank to be sold to Kansas bank holding company March 15, 2017 “The proposed new owners have good experience with community banking and they understand the importance of a bank to the community.” Memorial service set for victim of Topeka triple murder March 15, 2017 Girl Scouts having fun with Westar Energy March 15, 2017 Family remembers man after Goodyear plant death March 15, 2017 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Work for Us Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 65° F Clear Hi: 67° F Lo: 49° F Officials on Reno County wildfire: ‘This is a long way from being over’ KSN TV Published: March 7, 2017, 9:02 pm Updated: March 7, 2017, 9:03 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) HUTCHINSON, Kan. (KSNW) – A fire in the Highlands area in Hutchinson continues to burn according to Reno County officials. The fire escaped the fire line Monday evening at 6 p.m. Currently, there are over 230 responders helping with the fire from 116 agencies. In an afternoon press briefing, officials confirmed that seven properties were destroyed and 6,300 acres have been burned in Reno and Rice counties. There have been no confirmed injuries or fatalities to human or domesticated animals. There have also been no responder injuries reported. The fire forced 10,000 to 12,000 people to voluntarily evacuate their homes according to the Kansas Department of Emergency Management. The evacuation area covers Hendricks Street to Highway 61 from 30th Avenue to 108th Avenue. However, those with physical addresses on 30th Street were allowed to return. “We have not been able to, at this point, determine damage estimates,” said Sheriff Randy Henderson. “However, a flyover is planned with a Hutchinson firefighter and Kansas Highway Patrol trooper to get an accurate picture of the damage.” At this point, residents are not allowed to go back into the affected areas. Once first responders can evaluate the area, a determination will be made if it is safe for the public to re-enter. “We know many residences were evacuated and anxious for information about their properties and homes,” said Henderson. “We hope to begin damage assessment later today so we can give out accurate information.” The National Guard will be in Hutchinson to continue water drops as long as there is flight time and daylight. Drones are prohibited during the air drops. A shelter location set up at the Encampment Building at the Kansas State Fairgrounds remains open. Officials say that includes a pet shelter and space for horses. Officials said about 70 people are there. Residents in Reno County can call the United Way or 211 for information. The United Way is also taking financial donations for fire victims. Also evacuees are encouraged to register as “Safe and Well” on the American Red Cross website: www.safeandwell.communityos.org so that loved ones know you are safe. Officials ask those wishing to donate items for responders and evacuees bring the items to the Garden Center at Walmart, 1905 E 17th Street in Hutchinson. For the future needs of evacuees, they are requesting cleaning supplies, latex and rubber gloves, trash bags, dust masks, safety glasses, rakes and shovels. Follow Reno County Emergency Management on Facebook for the latest. Crews are bravely fighting the windy , fiery conditions pic.twitter.com/KWwsQcThmV — John Asebes (@JohnAsebesKSN) March 7, 2017 Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Officials on Reno County wildfire: ‘This is a long way from being over’ Some Reno County residents allowed to return home Reno County fire crews battle two grass fires Fire forces evacuations again in Hutchinson Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 1998-2017 KSNT.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All Continue to Business Insider » You will be redirected in seconds. × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A commercial mocking the GOP's controversial tax plan will air during 'SNL' Mary Hanbury Mar. 2, 2017, 11:40 AM 6,012 facebook linkedin twitter email print Youtube/NRF A parody commercial mocking House Republicans' proposed tax on imports will run this weekend during "Saturday Night Live." The commercial was produced by the National Retail Federation, a retail trade organization, as part of a campaign to rally opposition to the provision, which would impose a tariff on imports. Retailers would be hit hard by the tax: an estimated 97% of all clothing and footwear sold in the US is imported. The infomercial sarcastically jokes about the "benefits" of the BAT: "Too much dough got you feeling low? Too much cash breaking your back? Then you need… the BAT TAX!"  According to NRF, the retail sector provides one out of four U.S. jobs, or 42 million positions, and is America's largest private-sector employer. The BAT tax could put millions of these jobs at risk, the NRF says. "As a special bonus, we’ll include the new job-killing formula — for free," the commercial jokes.  According to the NRF, the ad began airing on Tuesday on the Fox News' morning show, "FOX and Friends," which President Donald Trump is known to watch.  "BAT could cause retailers to see tax bills three to five times the amount of their profits," the NRF said in a press release accompanying the ad. "The small retailers that make up 98 percent of the retail industry and provide 40 percent of its jobs would be at the biggest risk." NRF claims that the effects of this new tax will be passed on to the consumer. The organization expects costs of everyday necessities like food, gas, clothing and prescription medicines for the average family to increase by as much as $1,700 in the first year.     Major US retailers, including Target and Walmart, have expressed their concerns with the tax and are rallying behind the NRF. "The border adjustment tax, for us, is a concern," Walmart CFO Brett Biggs said on a call with reporters in February. "Clearly anything that would potentially raise prices for our customers in the US is a concern for us."  The infomercial calls for consumers to contact  their members of Congress and express opposition. Watch the full ad here:    Get the latest Walmart stock price here. NOW WATCH: CaliBurger plans on using these burger-flipping robots Loading video... More: Retail Walmart Trump Border Adjustment Tax SNL facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A commercial mocking the GOP's controversial tax plan will air during 'SNL' A commercial mocking the GOP's controversial tax plan will air during 'SNL' A parody commercial mocking House... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured This man dropped out of college twice and now directs MIT's Media Lab — here's how he did it More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Starburst to release All-Pink pack - KFDA - NewsChannel 10 / Amarillo News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home NewsChannel 10 TOO Telemundo Amarillo Mundo FM 102.9 Texas News Now News Pay It Forward Perspective with Brent McClure National International Courts & Crimes The Early Show Money & Business Eastern New Mexico Cheerios is mailing wildflower seeds to people to save bees Weather Weather Main StormTrack 10 Interactive Radar NewsChannel 10 SkyTracker Camera - Boyd's Equipment I-27 & Arden Rd NewsChannel 10 SkyTracker Camera - First Baptist Church - Downtown Video Sports Local Sports Texas Sports Headlines Sports Galleries Realtime Brackets sponsored by All Star Dodge Recipes LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Community Food Entertainment Health SLIDESHOWS About Us Main Contact Info Jobs at NewsChannel 10 TV Programming Watch CBS Programming Online here! KFDA, KEYU and KEYU-FM: Job Openings KFDA Annual EEO Public File Report 2015-2016 Closed Captioning Certification News Staff Contests & Coupons Starburst to release All-Pink pack 2017-03-07T21:38:38Z2017-03-07T21:38:38Z Posted by Nathan Vicar, Digital Content Producer Email Connect nvicar@fox19.com (Provided by Starburst) FOX19 - Starburst is giving fans what they want -- all pink flavor packages.  In April, the company will release packs of "All Pink" Starburst. The packs will be available for a limited time.  "On social media we’re seeing people talk about pink Starburst more than any other flavor; there’s even a meme about being treated 'like a Pink Starburst,'" Matt Montei, senior director of confections at Wrigley, told Mashable. "The Pink conversation and fanfare has continued to grow so we decided to act." A post shared by ShanStar (@shanstarlive) on Feb 7, 2017 at 11:30am PST The packs will be available in retailers including Walmart, Walgreens, Target, Kroger, Meijer, and even Amazon, according to Mashable.  Copyright 2017 WXIX. All rights reserved.  Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> April the Giraffe Giraffe watch: April's baby repositioning Giraffe watch: April's baby repositioning Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 5:40 PM EDT2017-03-16 21:40:36 GMT Though the park didn't specify what behavior they were referring to, some live feed watchers said April got into a ball and also seemed very uncomfortable. Though the park didn't specify what behavior they were referring to, some live feed watchers said April got into a ball and also seemed very uncomfortable. GRAPHIC: Man's hands, feet amputated after strep throat GRAPHIC: Man's hands, feet amputated after strep throat Posted: Thursday, March 16 2017 2:20 AM EDT2017-03-16 06:20:55 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 11:45 AM EDT2017-03-16 15:45:54 GMT The rare case of strep throat almost killed the man and started causing his organs to fail before doctors could figure out what the disease was. The rare case of strep throat almost killed the man and started causing his organs to fail before doctors could figure out what the disease was. Teen finds 7.44 carat 'Superman's Diamond' at state park Teen finds 7.44 carat 'Superman's Diamond' at state park Posted: Thursday, March 16 2017 12:22 PM EDT2017-03-16 16:22:21 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 4:43 PM EDT2017-03-16 20:43:30 GMT Kalel Langford with the 7.44 carat diamond he found. (Source: Crater of Diamonds State Park) When a 14-year-old baseball player traveled to south Arkansas to play on a diamond, little did he know he would leave with one. When a 14-year-old baseball player traveled to south Arkansas to play on a diamond, little did he know he would leave with one. Police: Homeowner fatally shoots home invasion suspect, 2nd suspect arrested Police: Homeowner fatally shoots home invasion suspect, 2nd suspect arrested Updated: Wednesday, March 15 2017 10:29 PM EDT2017-03-16 02:29:56 GMT Source: Live 5 News Police say a fatal shooting Tuesday night at a Moncks Corner home was justified because the homeowner was protecing his family from a home invasion. Police say a fatal shooting Tuesday night at a Moncks Corner home was justified because the homeowner was protecting his family from a home invasion. If you get a call from these area codes, don't respond If you get a call from these area codes, don't respond Updated: Sunday, March 12 2017 7:15 PM EDT2017-03-12 23:15:07 GMT Source: WDAM Scammers are always coming up with different ways to take your hard-earned cash, especially with smart phones and changing technology.  Now, there are over 35 area codes you need to be aware of before you pick-up your next phone call. Scammers are always coming up with different ways to take your hard-earned cash, especially with smart phones and changing technology.  Now, there are over 35 area codes you need to be aware of before you pick-up your next phone call.    Can't Find Something? 7900 Broadway Amarillo, TX 79105 (806) 383-1010 FCC Public File publicfile@kfda.com (806) 383-1010 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
