Share 85 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-27 Who Is JP Sears? ‘Ultra Spiritual’ YouTube Sensation Actually Believes All That Stuff Entertainment 2017-05-27 ‘Stranger Things’ Director Shawn Levy: Season 2 Will Be Bigger And Scarier [Video] Entertainment 2017-05-26 ‘Love Actually’ 16 Minute Sequel Shows What Everyone Is Up To 14 Years Later Entertainment 2017-05-26 Clint Eastwood, Johnny Depp, Tim Allen And Thomas Gibson: Camille Paglia Making Room For ‘Manly’ Men [Opinion] News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-28 Tim Kaine’s Son Among Those Charged For Involvement With Masked, Anti-Trump Rioting At Rally News 2017-05-28 World War 3 Alert: North Korea Fires New Anti-Aircraft Missile, Kim Jong-Un Says U.S. Will Not ‘Command Skies’ News 2017-05-27 Newark Liberty International Airport Evacuated Following Discovery Of Suspicious Pressure Cooker News 2017-05-27 Gregg Allman Dead At 69 — Cher Tweets Her Sadness Of Ex-Husband’s Death Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Baseball 2017-05-28 LA Dodgers Trade Rumors: Sonny Gray, Ryan Braun Could Become Dodgers Acquisitions Before MLB Trade Deadline Basketball 2017-05-27 Is Dwyane Wade Staying With The Chicago Bulls, Or Is He Opting Out? [Opinion] Basketball 2017-05-27 NBA Trade Rumors: Carmelo Anthony To Cavs Trade Revisited, Kevin Love And Kay Felder To Knicks? NASCAR 2017-05-27 Memorial Day Weekend Racing 2017: Watch Coca-Cola 600, Indy 500 Live Stream Online, TV Info, Start Times, Odds Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-25 National Wine Day: Quotes, GIFs, Recipes, And More Lifestyle 2017-05-24 Memorial Day 2017: Freebies, Discounts, Deals, & More Lifestyle 2017-05-21 Tired Of Being Single? Embrace ‘Sologamy’ And Marry Yourself Lifestyle 2017-05-19 Dunkin’ Donuts Gives Away Free Frozen Coffee Samples Today, And ‘Freeze The Day With $1K’ Giveaway Ends Today Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-27 Lazarus Syndrome Cases Grossly Underreported, Some Scientists Suggest Passive Monitoring After Death Health 2017-05-26 Penis Transplant In South Africa Gives Patient The Right Organ With The Wrong Color Health 2017-05-25 Magic Mushrooms Are ‘Safest’ Recreational Drug Says New Study, But How Safe Are They? Health, Medicine 2017-05-24 Merck & Co. Gain FDA Approval For Pembrolizumab, A Groundbreaking New Cancer Medication Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-27 PS Plus June 2017 Lineup Leaked? Free Games Include ‘Life Is Strange’ And ‘Killing Floor 2’ Technology 2017-05-27 Intel Powers Mini Drone That Can Be Controlled By Hand Gestures Gaming 2017-05-27 ‘GTA Online’ Bonuses: Double GTA$, RP & Discounts While Waiting For Gunrunning DLC Gaming 2017-05-26 ‘Tekken’ Is Ready To Take The World By Storm — World Tour And $200K eSports League Announced BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-27 Obama Visit To Prince Harry Giving Fuel To Shadow Government Conspiracy? [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-27 Ben And Jerry’s Supports LGBT Rights, Bans Australian Customers From Ordering Two Scoops Of The Same Flavors BuzzWorthy 2017-05-27 Sand, And Scully, And Bear, Oh My BuzzWorthy 2017-05-27 Are Fidget Spinners Safe? Incidents Spark Concern Among Parents And Officials About Dangers Of Latest Toy Fad SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Utah Mother Who Allegedly Locked Her Two Kids In The Trunk Of Her Car As She Shopped At Walmart Arrested Crime 85 0 0 May 27, 2017 Utah Mother Who Allegedly Locked Her Two Kids In The Trunk Of Her Car As She Shopped At Walmart Arrested Rahul Srinivas Tori Castillo, a resident of Riverdale, Utah, was arrested after she allegedly locked her two young kids in the trunk of her car and went shopping. According to a KTLA report, Castillo, a 39-year-old mother of two, drove to the local Walmart with her children on Thursday, May 25, 2017; parked the car in the parking lot; and then allegedly locked her kids aged 2 and 5 inside the trunk of the car and walked into Walmart to complete her shopping trip. However, Tori’s alleged act caught the attention of a bystander who decided to call 911 — who then informed the local police department about the rather disturbing incident. According to Lieutenant Casey Warren from the Riverdale Police Department, after they received the call from the good Samaritan, officers reached the parking lot within minutes and rescued the children. According to Lt. Warren, by the time responding officers reached there, the children had started making noises and were moving frantically inside the trunk in a bid to escape. The kids were reportedly desperately trying to get out of the trunk, and their repeated movements caused the vehicle to shake violently. A small crowd had gathered at the parking lot by then. With the help of several bystanders, the cops asked the 5-year-old kid inside the trunk not to panic and directed her to use the emergency latch inside the trunk to open it from the inside. The elder child was then able to successfully open the trunk much to everyone’s relief. Tori Castillo, who was still inside Walmart the entire time, was arrested a few minutes later when she came back outside following her shopping trip. Tori was also interrogated by the officers in the parking lot. Following Tori’s arrest, Officers from the Riverdale Police Department called the Child and Family Services who then took both the children under their care. Currently, both the children are under the care of a responsible party. Following a lengthy interrogation, Tori was booked into Weber County Jail and an investigation has been launched. Tori is likely to face multiple child abuse charges. However, authorities are also likely to evaluate her mental health condition before she is tried and eventually convicted for her actions. While several cases of parents and caretakers forgetting their kids inside hot cars, often leading to injuries and death, have been reported in the past, cases of parents who deliberately put their children at risk are less common. As of now, it is still not known whether Tori had deliberately forced her kids into the trunk of the car or if her actions were the result of some form of mental illness. Officers are still investigating all possible angles so that they can come to a believable conclusion. Justin Ross Harris, the father of a toddler who died after being in a hot car for seven hours [Image by Marietta Daily Journal, Kelly J. Huff, Pool/AP Images] Hot car deaths in the U.S. have been on the rise since the past few years. According to statistics from Jan Null, CCM, Department of Meteorology and Climate Science, San Jose State University, in 2017 alone there have been 11 deaths of children who were left inside cars. In 2016, 39 children died of the same cause. In fact, since the year 1998 — the year from which agencies started to collect data from heatstroke deaths of children left in hot cars — an astounding 709 children have died inside hot cars. On average, 37 kids in the U.S. die of heatstroke, many of them inside hot cars. In the most recent incident, two children from Texas, a 2-year-old and a 16-month-old, were found dead inside a car. Two children die after being locked in a hot car as Texas temperatures soared to 96 degrees, police say https://t.co/NhPoWKAOWV pic.twitter.com/pC22uRoERG — ABC News (@ABC) May 27, 2017 Both the kids were found locked inside the car. The children were identified as Juliet and Cavanaugh Ramirez. An investigation into the incident is still underway. [Featured Image by Weber County Sheriff’s Office/AP Images] Share 85 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Rahul Srinivas Tags: careless parents, hot car, parenting May 27, 2017 Jennifer Lopez Disses Drake, Calls Rapper A ‘Booty Call’ [Video] May 27, 2017 T.I. ‘Happy’ To Be Divorcing Tiny Harris, Reveals Real Reason For Split [Video] Comments LATEST HEADLINES Ivanka Trump Leaving Washington, D.C.? She May Return To Private Life In NYC LA Dodgers Trade Rumors: Sonny Gray, Ryan Braun Could Become Dodgers Acquisitions Before MLB Trade Deadline ‘Days Of Our Lives’ Summer Spoilers: Deimos Kiriakis Involved With Epidemic, Chad DiMera Missing Tim Kaine’s Son Among Those Charged For Involvement With Masked, Anti-Trump Rioting At Rally World War 3 Alert: North Korea Fires New Anti-Aircraft Missile, Kim Jong-Un Says U.S. Will Not ‘Command Skies’ Michael Jackson, Paris Jackson’s Father, Gave Personal Homeless Focus To Charity Work Is ‘The Walking Dead’ Season 8 Still A Horror TV Show? [Opinion] Is Dwyane Wade Staying With The Chicago Bulls, Or Is He Opting Out? [Opinion] ‘Pretty Little Liars’ Spoilers: Marlene King On Season 7 Finale, ‘PLL’ Stars On ‘A.D.’ Reveal, Aria Going Dark ‘The Office’ Reunion: 2018 Reboot Not Happening Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Roger Waters Brings Powerful Anti-Trump Message On New Tour, Offending Some Fans 23.4k 0 0 Piers Morgan Slams Ariana Grande For Flying Home Following Manchester Terror Attack: ‘She Should Have Stayed’ 16.8k 0 0 Donald Trump Wants Over $1 Trillion Cut From Social Programs, Adds $25 Billion To Ivanka’s Parental Leave Plan 17.6k 0 0 Walmart To Ban Woman Caught On Viral Racist Rant Video 12.5k 0 0 Cher In A Thong And Bodysuit At 71 Years Of Age: ‘I Can Do A 5-Minute Plank, Okay?’ [Video] 27.9k 0 0 Supporting POTUS, ‘Pawn Stars’ Rick Harrison Blames Obama For All Of His Business Woes 22.5k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
﻿Celebrity Fashion Beauty Hair Love Lifestyle News Videos Festival Follow Us Celebrity Pregnant Beyoncé Channels Michael Jackson in $4,950 Rhinestone Jacket at Jessica Alba's Birthday Party Celebrity Kendra Foster Says Happy Birthday To Lauryn Hill With This Heartfelt Love Letter Celebrity Stepping Into Greatness: Reginae Carter Says Sayonara To High School Celebrity Adrienne Bailon Finally Apologizes To Naturi Naughton For 3LW Drama More ﻿Celebrity 'Yes. Girl!' Podcast Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood Entertainment Fashion Tracee Ellis Ross Channels Her Mom Diana Ross in Red Sequin Gown at the 2017 amfAR Gala Fashion Rihanna Debuts FENTY x PUMA Jelly Slides Just in Time for Summer   Fashion What I Screenshot This Week: A Midsummer Night Dream Dress Fashion Your Ultimate Memorial Day Weekend Packing List More Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty 7 Memorial Day Beauty Sales That Are Actually Worth Shopping Beauty Kelis Debuts Stunning Purple Hued Hair And It's Totally 'Bananas'  Makeup Black Girl-Approved: Our Quest For The Perfect Foundation Beauty Products & Tools Dope Stuff On My Desk: The Light Up Tweezers That Changed My Life and More Amazing Finds More Beauty Best in Black Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair 'Growing Up Hip Hop: Atlanta' Star Zonnique Is Turning Into Quite The Hair Chameleon Hair 19 Blushing Brides Serving The Ultimate Natural Hair Inspo  Hair 'Dear White People' Star Logan Browning Has A Message For Those Who 'Don't See Color'   Braids Massachusetts Charter School Officially Suspends Its Controversial Braids Policy  More Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love & Sex Couple Who Tried To Conceive For 17 Years Welcomes Sextuplets Love & Sex DWTS Champ Rashad Jennings Needs A Dance Partner: 'If You Can't Get Along With My Mom, Something's Wrong' Love & Sex Ask Dr. Sherry: 'I Haven't Been Intimate With My Husband In 10 Years, Should I Leave Him?' Love & Sex 'Bachelorette' Star Rachel Lindsay: 'My Journey For Love Isn't Different Just Because I Am Black' More Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Travel 12 Underrated Destinations That Make Amazing Summer Vacation Spots Health & Wellness What Your Belly Fat Can Tell You About Your Future Cancer Risk Food & Drinks Chef Sunny Anderson Shares 3 Ways to Use Tea For Delicious Summer Food and Drink Recipes Health & Wellness The Latest Findings On Alcohol, Heart Disease, And Breast Cancer Are Kind Of A Buzzkill More Lifestyle A Day in Her Busy Beautiful Life Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel News Son Graduates College Alongside His Immigrant Father: 'His Drive Inspired Me to Keep Going' News Miss Black Texas Accuses Police Chief Of False Arrest After Road Rage Incident News Judge Throws Out Life Sentences for D.C. Sniper Lee Boyd Malvo News Hillary Clinton Threw Major Shade at President Trump at Wellesley's Graduation More News Politics Culture Videos It's Time To Analyze These 'Get Out' Theories From The Comfort Of Your Home Essence Live This Happened: Steve Harvey’s Ex-Wife Sues Him For 'Soul Murder' Videos Aisha Hinds On Her Unique Style And Why She Went Bald Essence Live Is Graduation The Time To Protest?  More Videos 7 Things ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic 2017 ESSENCE Festival Master P's Team Hope NOLA Foundation Is Fostering A New Generation Of Leaders One Young Person At A Time 2017 ESSENCE Festival The Ultimate Holiday Weekend Playlist Featuring Must-Haves From Our 2017 ESSENCE Fest Artists 2017 ESSENCE Festival Rep. Maxine Waters Talks ESSENCE Fest & Which Trump Legislation Stands To Hurt Black Communities The Most 2017 ESSENCE Festival Master P To Host First-Ever ESSENCE Fest Celebrity Basketball Game Featuring Trey Songz, Terrence J, Juvenile & More More Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival Artists Buy Tickets! Woke Wonderland ESSENCE Festival Durban ESSENCE Africa Close Search by typing... Search ﻿Celebrity 'Yes. Girl!' Podcast Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood Entertainment Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty Best in Black Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Lifestyle A Day in Her Busy Beautiful Life Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel News Politics Culture Videos 7 Things ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival Artists Buy Tickets! Woke Wonderland ESSENCE Festival Durban ESSENCE Africa Subscribe Home News Miss Black Texas Accuses Police Chief Of False Arrest After Road Rage Incident RELATED VIDEO "Black Women Unbothered By Police" Is The Photo Series We Never Knew We Needed See Video Photo by Carmen Ponder By Paula Rogo May, 27, 2017 A Texas police chief called Carmen Ponder a “black b**** during the confrontation   Carmen Ponder, Miss Black Texas 2016, was driving to a North Texas Walmart when she decided to pass a black truck. The driver, she says, was driving erratically and she believed they could be drunk.  When she parked her car outside the Walmart, she realized the black truck had followed her. What followed was an incident that now has the recent Texas A&M graduate calling for the resignation of Terry Crews, the police chief in Commerce, Texas. https://twitter.com/CarmenSierraaa/status/866673510739058688 Police brutality and Abuse of Power from a Police Chief. Let me talk to my lawyer and I'll fill y'all in #blacklivesmatter— Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 22, 2017 RELATED: Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest in hair, beauty, style and celebrity news. Crews had apparently been in the passenger’s seat of the car, teaching his 14-year-old daughter how to drive. He was angered when Ponder decided to pass him, and followed her all the way to the Walmart to confront her. According to Ponder, who shared her experience in a tweet, Crews began yelling aggressively at her for passing him and did not identify himself as a cop. “He continued yelling and cussing me out and I finally turned around and said, “it’s illegal” when he kept saying it was a 14 year old driving,” she wrote. “That’s when he screamed ‘oh whatever, you black b****!’”  RELATED: Viral Video Allegedly Shows San Antonio Police Punching 14-Year-Old Girl https://twitter.com/CarmenSierraaa/status/867170450408968192 @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM— Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Ponder decided to extricate herself from the situation by entering the store, but Crews and a group of men were waiting for her upon her exit. When they demanded an apology for the now-acknowledged police chief, Ponder refused, trying to get to her car. That is when she notified that she was being detained, and another individual, also a police officer, grabbed her. More police eventually arrived on the scene, siding with the police chief and the other individuals who claimed she was resisting arrest. “The cop then pulled out his cuffs and arrested me,” she said. “I spent 24 hours in jail and currently have a charge for avoiding arrest.” RELATED: Police Chief Admits To Getting Key Detail Wrong In Fatal Shooting Of Black Teen In Texas https://twitter.com/MeritLaw/status/868094046429990916 Facts: #CarmenPonder was called a "black bitch" by a city official. #CarmenPonder was wrongfully arrested. #CarmenPonder faces false charges pic.twitter.com/PpHAreyp1K— S. Lee Merritt, Esq. (@MeritLaw) May 26, 2017 “It’s just a reminder that our skin color, speaking specifically about the African-American community, is seen as something hostile, dangerous and illegal,” civil rights lawyer Lee Merritt, Ponder’s lawyer,  told the Huffington Post. He is calling for Ponder’s charge to be dropped, and for for Crews to resign. action. RELATED: Police Kill Suspect In A Fatal San Diego Pool Party Shooting Crews has yet to release a statement. He has been placed on administrative leave. Read More Latest In Video Mack Wilds Performs ''Explore'' From New Album 'AfterHours' See More Videos More From Essence News Son Graduates College Alongside His Immigrant Father: 'His Drive Inspired Me to Keep Going' News Judge Throws Out Life Sentences for D.C. Sniper Lee Boyd Malvo News Hillary Clinton Threw Major Shade at President Trump at Wellesley's Graduation News White House Refuses to Address Reports That Jared Kushner Wanted Secret Line With Russia News For Women Of Color, The Stakes Are Even Higher For ACA Repeal Bill News Richard Collins III Laid To Rest As UMD President Announces Anti-Hate Action Plan Filed under: News Latest News Son Graduates College Alongside His Immigrant Father: 'His Drive Inspired Me to Keep Going' May 27 Mother Of ‘Marack Obama’ Viral Sensation: 'My Daughter Asks Me Thousands Of Questions ALL Of The Time' May 27 Judge Throws Out Life Sentences for D.C. Sniper Lee Boyd Malvo May 27 Hillary Clinton Threw Major Shade at President Trump at Wellesley's Graduation May 27 White House Refuses to Address Reports That Jared Kushner Wanted Secret Line With Russia May 27 Pregnant Beyoncé Channels Michael Jackson in $4,950 Rhinestone Jacket at Jessica Alba's Birthday Party May 27   Latest In Video Mack Wilds Performs ''Explore'' From New Album 'AfterHours' See More Videos SUBSCRIBE TO THE MAGAZINE Plus, receive digital access and a free gift with your purchase! SUBSCRIBE NOW Sign Up To The Newsletter Get The Essence Newsletter and Special Offers delivered to your inbox! By clicking Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. ESSENCE MAKES A SPECIAL GIFT Share your love of ESSENCE with a gift subscription to the Magazine. Give a Gift! Follow us on Help and Information Our Company Customer Service Change Your Address Contact Us Job Opportunities Internships Media Kit Subscribe Newsletters Give a Gift of ESSENCE Magazine Tablet Edition More on essence Home Love Celebrity Beauty Hair Fashion ESSENCE Festival Essence.com is part of the Time Inc. Style Collection and the Time Inc. Lifestyle Network. © 2017 Essence Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Your California Privacy Rights | Terms of Use | Essence.com Advertising Terms | AD CHOICES
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Crime Held hostage for 25 hours: Kissimmee man targeted by accused serial kidnapper For 25 hours, Frank Novak says he drove around Kissimmee with a weapon held to the back of his head. He was told he would die if he tried anything. His accused kidnapper only wanted one thing: money. Since Novak said he only had a dollar left in his account, his abductor kept him until his paycheck cleared in his account the next day, police say.  For 25 hours, Frank Novak says he drove around Kissimmee with a weapon held to the back of his head. He was told he would die if he tried anything. His accused kidnapper only wanted one thing: money. Since Novak said he only had a dollar left in his account, his abductor kept him until his paycheck cleared in his account the next day, police say.  Christal Hayes Contact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Frank Novak just wanted to survive. For 25 hours, he drove around Kissimmee with a weapon held to the back of his head. He was told he would die if he tried to escape. “I tried to stay calm, but I kept shaking,” Novak said. “All I was thinking was, ‘I’ve got to do whatever this guy wants so he doesn’t hurt me,’ because he said he had a gun.” Police say his accused kidnapper was after one thing: money. But Novak wasn’t the only victim. Gabriel Rene chose his prey based on where they worked or what their cars looked like, usually targeting people who were alone and vulnerable, police say. He has been charged with kidnapping five people over two months. For weeks, police say, he got away with it. Court records reveal he would force his victims to drive around Kissimmee and Osceola County, give him money, then sometimes help him find his next target. Rene, 22, would then ditch his victims after getting what he wanted, which police say included sexually battering one woman. He even taunted authorities over the course of his crimes, which police say led to his undoing. The hunt for Rene started in February, just a day after he was released from the Osceola County Jail on unrelated charges. Novak had gotten off work from Wal-Mart on Feb. 9 and was on Oak Street near John Young Parkway when police say Rene grabbed him from behind, held a weapon to his back and said: “You’re being robbed. Give me your money.” He pulled out his wallet, took out $20 and an old Wal-Mart gift card, and handed it over. That wasn’t enough. Rene asked how much more money he had in his bank account, police said. Novak was broke but told Rene he was getting paid the next morning. “I have to get mines before I let you go,” Rene told Novak. “I can’t just let you leave.” For a full day, Novak said, Rene had him drive around the city, stopping at several places throughout the day, including a Wal-Mart, a 7-Eleven, a Burger King and a Subway. Courtesy Frank Novak Novak's sister texted him during his ordeal. Rene forced him to answer her like everything was normal. Novak's sister texted him during his ordeal. Rene forced him to answer her like everything was normal. (Courtesy Frank Novak) He held a pair of scissors to the back of his head most of the time, telling Novak, “You got a gun pointed at your back,” police records show. “Throughout the day, I had some opportunities where I could have made a break for it, but I just wanted to survive,” Novak said. “That was my thing: doing what he asked, keeping him happy, so he wouldn’t hurt me.” Police say Rene acted erratically, at times friendly, but then telling Novak he planned to kill him. “I should have killed you right back there when I first picked you up, but you were carrying those Catholic beads,” Rene told him, according to Novak. “I couldn’t bring myself to kill you because you believe in God.” After Novak’s paycheck cleared in his account, they drove to an ATM. He took out the $800 and handed it over. Novak didn’t know Rene was recording their interactions on Rene’s cellphone. Toward the end of the 25-hour ordeal, Novak says, Rene forced him to go back to where he’d first abducted him to re-enact the kidnapping. A video shows suspect Gabriel Rene kidnap Frank Novak, hold him for hours and force him to drive around the Osceola County with a weapon to his back, police said. Novak was forced to take out $800 from an ATM before he was let go, records show.  A video shows suspect Gabriel Rene kidnap Frank Novak, hold him for hours and force him to drive around the Osceola County with a weapon to his back, police said. Novak was forced to take out $800 from an ATM before he was let go, records show.  See more videos Police said Rene then edited together an 8-minute video that condensed the 25 hours and put it on Novak’s phone. At the end, a message for law-enforcement officers scrolls across the screen: “Happy Hunting Mother F****** Pigs.” Rene let Novak go the next morning. Novak went straight to police and gave them the video. During the next two months, four others were kidnapped, including an employee at Osceola Regional Medical Center. Each time, police say Rene’s actions intensified, replacing his scissors with a gun and a mask, and ultimately resorting to physical violence when his demands weren’t met. Police say Rene’s crimes escalated April 12, when he kidnapped a woman at gunpoint as she was watching Disney World fireworks from a Target parking lot along U.S. Highway 192, records show. When she said she didn’t have any money, Rene told her if he “was not going to get money out of her, he was going to get something else out of her,” an arrest affidavit said. For several hours, he punched her, sexually assaulted her and then forced her to drive him around, looking for other victims before she was released, deputies said. The Kissimmee Police Department and the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office followed tips, which led to them finding Rene’s gun and clothing behind a business where he had tried to sell his gun, police said. He was found April 14 at the Dakin Avenue LYNX station, two days after the last kidnapping. He denied abducting anyone, an arrest affidavit said. There was no response to calls to Rene’s lawyer. Kissimmee Police Chief Jeffrey O’Dell said he’s glad Rene is behind bars. “This man was certainly dangerous, and what was worrying was with each of these crimes, his actions were intensifying and getting worse,” he said. Since Novak’s abduction, he has taken off several weeks from his job, is going through counseling and had an alarm system installed in his home. “Sometimes something will just trigger it, and I’m back there,” he said. “For weeks I didn’t even want to go outside, but it’s like everywhere I go, I am conscious of my surroundings and worried someone is going to come up behind me. I am just glad I don’t have to worry about this guy anymore.” chayes@orlandosentinel.com, 407-420-5493 or Twitter: @journo_christal Caption A 22-year-old man was arrested by UCF Police on Wednesday for changing a grade in an engineering class.  A 22-year-old man was arrested by UCF Police on Wednesday for changing a grade in an engineering class.  Caption A 22-year-old man was arrested by UCF Police on Wednesday for changing a grade in an engineering class.  A 22-year-old man was arrested by UCF Police on Wednesday for changing a grade in an engineering class.  Caption Orange County deputies are searching for a person of interest related to a murder investigation of 56-year-old Dale Eric Floren. Floren was found in the parking lot of the Florida Mall. Orange County deputies are searching for a person of interest related to a murder investigation of 56-year-old Dale Eric Floren. Floren was found in the parking lot of the Florida Mall. Caption Marc Edward Knotts, member of the Outlaws Motorcycle Club, was arrested along with two other people for their suspected involvement in a shooting that left one man dead last month. Newly released arrest reports describe a "coordinated attack" outside a Circle K. Marc Edward Knotts, member of the Outlaws Motorcycle Club, was arrested along with two other people for their suspected involvement in a shooting that left one man dead last month. Newly released arrest reports describe a "coordinated attack" outside a Circle K. Caption A woman in DeBary discovered a blue recycling bin full of decapitated animals.  A woman in DeBary discovered a blue recycling bin full of decapitated animals.  Caption Allen Cashe told a police detective he didn’t set out to kill his girlfriend and her 8-year-old son , but he wanted to get what was his. Allen Cashe told a police detective he didn’t set out to kill his girlfriend and her 8-year-old son , but he wanted to get what was his. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Law Enforcement Kidnapping Kissimmee News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 72°
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment Events EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 81° 81° Low 78° High 92° Sun 74° 91° Mon 72° 79° Tue 72° 83° See complete forecast Severe weather alert What to make of these viral racist tirades? Posted 9:17 AM, May 27, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email (CNN) — The cell phone videos show the underbelly of American society. Racist vitriol, mostly directly at Latinos, shared on social media. In an Arkansas Walmart, an unidentified shopper told a woman “go back to Mexico,” and called another woman the N-word. At a Nevada airport, one man yelled profanities at another man speaking Spanish on the phone to his mother. And in a Virginia Sprint store, a woman hurled a racist slur at a customer named Juan, saying: “This is my f***ing country.” Walmart said it would ask the customer to no longer shop at their stores. Sprint’s CEO said he and colleagues were “disgusted” by the woman’s actions. We asked experts to weigh in on the racist rants and what may be fueling them. Here is what they said: People feel emboldened “It means that America is back where it was … decades ago. That kind of thing went out of fashion with the Civil Rights movement; the Trump campaign brought it back into fashion,” said the Rev. Joseph A. Darby, vice president of the Charleston, South Carolina, NAACP branch. President Donald Trump “tapped into seething anger” that was already boiling in those who couldn’t accept an African-American President, Darby said. Trump “legitimized bigotry by the way he campaigned.” “People who found their hope in him feel emboldened to say and do things that they wouldn’t do before … It leads to all kinds of foolishness that people have kept under wraps before because now they feel empowered because they think they have a President.” Darby said he believes some of the rants also stem from “fear on the part of some misguided, for the lack of a better word, ignorant people who believe they are losing their country, with their country being a white country.” He said: “They feel that they’re going to lose the privilege of being white, and when you have fear, you do ugly things sometimes.” It’s not new; it’s cyclical Teresa Carrillo said the rants illustrate an anti-immigrant sentiment in the country, which isn’t new. The nation has experienced rants and derogatory language that created hostile environments for immigrants, including anti-immigrant campaigns that preceded deportations in the Depression-era, she said. “It’s cyclical. It goes along with the policies of the day and the ideology of the day,” said Carrillo, a political scientist and professor with San Francisco State University’s Department of Latina/Latino Studies. But cell phones now bring it “into our consciousness in a much more emotional way,” she said. “There’s one part of this that could move us forward as a society … It’s in our face now, and we can’t deny that it’s happening,” Carrillo said. She said: “People who are recording them may feel like it’s an injustice, and that’s why they are recording it — and you can see some of the responses.” But she said while the rants are bothersome for people to witness, “it’s kind of uncomfortable for people to talk about the ugly side of racism.” Carrillo said hopefully the videos will spur discussions and actions. “We have to decide as a multicultural society are we going to look away when this happens or are we going to work to move towards change, and publicly show that that is not the popular sentiment,” she said. It’s a push back against diversity “There is a clear push back against diversity in our society. When you look at the battle on college campuses, you see that there’s been a rise in hate groups that have spurred up across the country,” said education consultant Andre Perry, citing speeches by white nationalist Richard Spencer on campuses. Perry, a columnist for The Hechinger Report and a contributor to CNN.com, pointed to the recent stabbing death of Richard Collins III, a black Bowie State University student. Police charged University of Maryland College Park student Sean Urbanski, 22, who is white, with killing Collins, 23. Police said Urbanski was a member of a Facebook group called “Alt-Reich,” which spewed hate toward black people and other minorities. Authorities plan to investigate whether the killing is a hate crime. Perry said “Collins was made a target by white nationalists and separatists feeling comfortable spewing their hate.” “When a President of the United States installs a cabinet member who hosts a virtual salon for white nationalists — I’m talking about (Steve) Bannon being the publisher of Breitbart News — it’s not surprising that people are feeling comfortable spewing hate wherever they see threats to whiteness,” Perry said. He added: “There are white people who are feeling the cultural and linguistic threat of diversity, and the only way for them to handle that anxiety is to hurt others.” Social media has helped bring these rants to light “What they reflect more than anything else is similar to what we are seeing with police shootings is that this is not a new phenomenon,” said Jack Glaser, a professor of public policy at University of California, Berkeley. “What’s new is the ability to record it.” Glaser, who studies police shootings, specializes in stereotyping, prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice system and law enforcement. “I think we have a certain percent of the population that is virulently racist, and that they will express that from time to time,” he said. Glaser, who is also a social psychologist, said the widespread condemnation of the videos is one positive outcome. And he said it is possible that there are higher rates of these incidents as evidenced by hate crime statistics. Glaser said the rants force the public to confront them, in the same way videos of police shootings sparked a national conversation about police conduct and race. “There is no evidence the rate of which African Americans are being shot by police is any higher in the last few years than it was decades before,” he said. “But what’s clearly changed is our ability to document it and people to transmit that information instantly through social media.” 37.431573 -78.656894 Related stories Final Confederate statue comes down in New Orleans ACLU claims police department in Mississippi is targeting black people White cop sues for racial discrimination after finding out he’s part African Trademark and Copyright 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Connect with Eye Opener! Keep up with EO online! Popular Two Texas children die in hot car Viral ‘Cash Me Outside’ girl coming to Houston to…perform? Inside one of Houston’s most notorious apartment complexes: Haverstock Hill ‘It lasted forever’: Owner, customers inside Sealy bar as possible tornado tore through building Latest News Abraham Lincoln document from Civil War up for sale NewsFix in Space: Juno jumps all around Jupiter, a partial solar eclipse spotted by NASA, and the first 3D-printed rocket blasts off! New Jersey Muslim group sues for mosque on Ramadan eve Musical legend Gregg Allman dies at 69 Nation/World Prominent Memphis couple reportedly caught in racist rant Nation/World Copperhead snake bites man inside Arkansas Walmart Nation/World Racial slur gets man banned from Boston’s Fenway Park for life Nation/World Target has terrible holiday and warns of awful 2017 Texas Video: Man swears at family, yells ‘Trump will stop you’ in anti-Muslim tirade at Texas beach Nation/World NewsFix Stranger interrupts Asian funeral and makes racist remarks; family is very offended Nation/World Serena Williams slams Ilie Nastase over ‘racist’ comments Local NewsFix Police arrest Humble man, Houston woman nicknamed ‘Checked up Stanka’ wanted for string of Kroger store robberies Nation/World ‘One word says it all. Asian.’ Woman denied Airbnb during snowstorm because of her race  Local Mother fatally shot after husband chases hit-and-run driver riding around in stolen car Nation/World Passengers get into fistfight aboard Southwest flight Local Man charged in cold-blooded killing of Deputy Darren Goforth found competent to stand trial Nation/World American Airlines investigating confrontation captured on video Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / National News / What to make of these viral racist tirades? What to make of these viral racist tirades? Posted on Saturday, May 27, 2017 by CNN in National News The cell phone videos show the underbelly of American society. Racist vitriol, mostly directly at Latinos, shared on social media. In an Arkansas Walmart, an unidentified shopper told a woman “go back to Mexico,” and called another woman the N-word. At a Nevada airport, one man yelled profanities at another man speaking Spanish on the phone to his mother. And in a Virginia Sprint store, a woman hurled a racist slur at a customer named Juan, saying: “This is my f***ing country.” Walmart said it would ask the customer to no longer shop at their stores. Sprint’s CEO said he and colleagues were “disgusted” by the woman’s actions. We asked experts to weigh in on the racist rants and what may be fueling them. Here is what they said: People feel emboldened “It means that America is back where it was … decades ago. That kind of thing went out of fashion with the Civil Rights movement; the Trump campaign brought it back into fashion,” said the Rev. Joseph A. Darby, vice president of the Charleston, South Carolina, NAACP branch. President Donald Trump “tapped into seething anger” that was already boiling in those who couldn’t accept an African-American President, Darby said. Trump “legitimized bigotry by the way he campaigned.” “People who found their hope in him feel emboldened to say and do things that they wouldn’t do before … It leads to all kinds of foolishness that people have kept under wraps before because now they feel empowered because they think they have a President.” Darby said he believes some of the rants also stem from “fear on the part of some misguided, for the lack of a better word, ignorant people who believe they are losing their country, with their country being a white country.” He said: “They feel that they’re going to lose the privilege of being white, and when you have fear, you do ugly things sometimes.” It’s not new; it’s cyclical Teresa Carrillo said the rants illustrate an anti-immigrant sentiment in the country, which isn’t new. The nation has experienced rants and derogatory language that created hostile environments for immigrants, including anti-immigrant campaigns that preceded deportations in the Depression-era, she said. “It’s cyclical. It goes along with the policies of the day and the ideology of the day,” said Carrillo, a political scientist and professor with San Francisco State University’s Department of Latina/Latino Studies. But cell phones now bring it “into our consciousness in a much more emotional way,” she said. “There’s one part of this that could move us forward as a society … It’s in our face now, and we can’t deny that it’s happening,” Carrillo said. She said: “People who are recording them may feel like it’s an injustice, and that’s why they are recording it — and you can see some of the responses.” But she said while the rants are bothersome for people to witness, “it’s kind of uncomfortable for people to talk about the ugly side of racism.” Carrillo said hopefully the videos will spur discussions and actions. “We have to decide as a multicultural society are we going to look away when this happens or are we going to work to move towards change, and publicly show that that is not the popular sentiment,” she said. It’s a push back against diversity “There is a clear push back against diversity in our society. When you look at the battle on college campuses, you see that there’s been a rise in hate groups that have spurred up across the country,” said education consultant Andre Perry, citing speeches by white nationalist Richard Spencer on campuses. Perry, a columnist for The Hechinger Report and a contributor to CNN.com, pointed to the recent stabbing death of Richard Collins III, a black Bowie State University student. Police charged University of Maryland College Park student Sean Urbanski, 22, who is white, with killing Collins, 23. Police said Urbanski was a member of a Facebook group called “Alt-Reich,” which spewed hate toward black people and other minorities. Authorities plan to investigate whether the killing is a hate crime. Perry said “Collins was made a target by white nationalists and separatists feeling comfortable spewing their hate.” “When a President of the United States installs a cabinet member who hosts a virtual salon for white nationalists — I’m talking about (Steve) Bannon being the publisher of Breitbart News — it’s not surprising that people are feeling comfortable spewing hate wherever they see threats to whiteness,” Perry said. He added: “There are white people who are feeling the cultural and linguistic threat of diversity, and the only way for them to handle that anxiety is to hurt others.” Social media has helped bring these rants to light “What they reflect more than anything else is similar to what we are seeing with police shootings is that this is not a new phenomenon,” said Jack Glaser, a professor of public policy at University of California, Berkeley. “What’s new is the ability to record it.” Glaser, who studies police shootings, specializes in stereotyping, prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice system and law enforcement. “I think we have a certain percent of the population that is virulently racist, and that they will express that from time to time,” he said. Glaser, who is also a social psychologist, said the widespread condemnation of the videos is one positive outcome. And he said it is possible that there are higher rates of these incidents as evidenced by hate crime statistics. Glaser said the rants force the public to confront them, in the same way videos of police shootings sparked a national conversation about police conduct and race. “There is no evidence the rate of which African Americans are being shot by police is any higher in the last few years than it was decades before,” he said. “But what’s clearly changed is our ability to document it and people to transmit that information instantly through social media.” Abraham Lincoln document from Civil War up for sale Two South Carolina men charged for forcing alligator to drink beer Related Posts Bill Cosby arraigned; TV star’s attorneys vow to fight ‘unjustified’ charge Heroic strangers pull woman from fiery crash Aaron Hernandez maintains his swagger in court Capturing Armageddon: Nuke test films digitized in the nick of time Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Stephen Black, founder of Impact America, to keynote Iowa Ideas higher education track LEARN MORE Most Popular Most Recent He never knows what tomorrow holds Cedar Rapids Trump rally postponed Marion boys' soccer turnaround results in first state tournament appearance Hlas: From bottom of pile to king of mound at Wartburg Following $2.4 million renovation, Pleasant Creek open for business Iowa back in Big Ten baseball tournament championship after 13-inning win over Minnesota East Buchanan wins 1A boys’ state golf crown He never knows what tomorrow holds Sean Poppen gets the Kernels poppin’ with 7 shutout innings in win over Kane County Iowa City West boys’ tennis sweeps 2A state singles and doubles, eyes ‘triple crown’ Amazon opens grocery pickup kiosks Goal is to compete with Wal-Mart, Target Video Photo Photo illustration by Liz Martin/The Gazette By Bloomberg News May 26, 2017 at 3:44 pm | Print View Amazon.com opened two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle, part of its latest effort to enter the $800 billion grocery market and compete with “click and collect” shopping options from big box competitors such as Wal-Mart Stores. The AmazonFresh Pickup spots let shoppers buy groceries online and pick them up in as little as 15 minutes rather than having them delivered to their homes. The service is open to Amazon Prime members who pay $99 a year for delivery discounts and video and music streaming. Each location has parking spaces beneath canopies similar to those seen at gas stations. Grocery sales have been slow to shift online, unlike books and electronics, leaving Amazon at a disadvantage to competitors such as Wal-Mart, Target Corp. and supermarket chain Kroger Co. Amazon is experimenting with brick-and-mortar concepts to get a toehold in grocery sales while its competitors add online options to their existing stores. Amazon also opened a convenience store format called Amazon Go that lets shoppers check in with a smartphone app, grab sandwiches, salads and other items they want from shelves and leave without having to check out. Instead, customers get billed automatically. The format is being tested by employees, who have found the technology crashes when the store gets too crowded, according to people familiar with the matter. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles Food megabrands turn to small start-ups ... Washington zoo hopes to get lucky again ... G7 leaders remain split on climate chang ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
News News Crime Business Politics Local News Local News Temecula Riverside San Bernardino Moreno Valley Corona Lake Elsinore Murrieta Riverside County Hemet San Jacinto Norco Sports Sports HS GameTime Rams Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels Padres Chargers USC UCLA College Sports Kings Ducks MMA/Boxing Soccer Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Casinos Music + Concerts Movies + TV Theater Events Home + Garden Travel Best of Inland Empire Obituaries Opinion The Cannifornian Newsletters E-edition Subscribe + Subscriber Services News News Crime Business Politics Local News Local News Temecula Riverside San Bernardino Moreno Valley Corona Lake Elsinore Murrieta Riverside County Hemet San Jacinto Norco Sports Sports HS GameTime Rams Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels Padres Chargers USC UCLA College Sports Kings Ducks MMA/Boxing Soccer Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Casinos Music + Concerts Movies + TV Theater Events Home + Garden Travel Best of Inland Empire Obituaries Opinion The Cannifornian $500,000 grant will help Norco College build… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: 44 free things to do in the IE 40-mile Memorial Day march What’s closed, open on Memorial Day weekend? Back in the Day: Two Inland roads named for Saunders, lumber man from Maine Local News $500,000 grant will help Norco College build itself into logistics training hub Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Students break into groups to work on a class project during their programable logic controllers class at Norco College on Monday, May 22. Photo by Stan Lim, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG By Stephen Wall | PUBLISHED: May 27, 2017 at 6:00 am | UPDATED: May 27, 2017 at 10:18 pm Jonathan Monk grew up around wires, gadgets and high-powered tools. His dad was a high-voltage electrician; his grandfather an automotive technician. “It’s in my blood,” Monk said. It’s no surprise the 22-year-old Norco resident is pursuing a career involving technology and machines. Monk attends Norco College, which is becoming a training ground for the fast-growing logistics industry. The school is expanding its six-year-old supply chain technology program through a $500,000 grant from the California Community College Chancellor’s Office. Supply chain automation refers to the process of receiving, organizing and preparing products for delivery to consumers. “Basically, it’s what makes Amazon Prime and the two-day delivery stuff possible,” said Charles Henkels, Norco College’s apprenticeship director for career and technical education. The grant is seed money to launch an apprenticeship program that aims to include partnerships with companies such as Target, Fender and Walmart, Henkels said. The money pays for instruction, lab equipment and costs to start the program. The apprenticeship initiative, which is being developed, is an extension of the college’s seven-month intensive and traditional two-year program in which students can earn certificates and get jobs as industrial automation technicians. About 150 students are in the program, Henkels said. Graduates earn starting pay between $14 and $17 an hour, he added. Logistics, or goods movement, is fueling economic growth in the Inland area, which ranks second in the nation for million-square-foot “megawarehouses,” according to commercial real estate company CBRE Group. There are 13 such warehouses in the region, spanning 15.4 million square feet, including three Amazon fulfillment centers in Eastvale, Moreno Valley and San Bernardino. Logistics accounted for almost one in four jobs created in the Inland Empire from 2011 to 2016, and continues to grow, John Husing, chief economist for the Inland Empire Economic Partnership, said in a December report. Amazon, Walmart and other companies with large warehouses and distribution centers need skilled employees to install, run, upgrade and fix software, hardware and automated equipment, Henkels said. “They cannot get enough qualified workers currently,” said Glen Graham, Norco College electronics and electrician instructor. “Our job is to bridge that gap by training them in the electrical, the math, the measurements and the different related technologies to get them to be able to handle those jobs.” The apprenticeship program, which is expected to begin with 25 students and grow, combines on-the-job training with classroom lessons. Businesses can partner with the college to train new technicians and improve the skills of existing employees, Henkels said. “It’s definitely new and innovative,” Henkels said. “Typically, when employers are looking for technicians, they have an experience requirement and are looking for people that have been in the field a while.” Walmart recently hired two students from Norco’s supply chain technician program and sees the apprenticeship program as a potential source of future industrial maintenance workers. “Our work with Norco College is a great example of how we can collaborate with colleges and universities to help grow the number of skilled workers entering the workforce,” Keith Nye, Walmart’s director of logistics maintenance and reliability, said in a statement. Norco College’s supply chain technology program draws students from across the region. Thomas Valent drives 90 minutes each way from Cathedral City in the Coachella Valley desert because he can’t find another college with such a focus closer to home. Valent, who works full-time fixing printers, monitors and other electronics, uses vacation time and days off to take classes to improve his career prospects. “Some of my friends work in the warehousing industry and they tell me how good their job is,” said Valent, 40. “It’s stable and it pays well.” Matthew McCall, 24, enrolled at Norco College this spring after serving four years in the Army. The Pomona resident wants to follow in his father’s footsteps and work for a company that makes conveyor systems. “It’s challenging,” McCall said. “Machines break in different ways. There’s so much to it. I want to learn what I need to know to get ahead of the curve.” ABOUT THE PROGRAM Name: Supply Chain Technology School: Norco College Started: 2011 Enrollment: About 150 students Purpose: Prepare students to install, run, upgrade and fix equipment used at automated warehouses. What’s new: The school recently got a $500,000 grant for an apprenticeship program combining on-the-job training and classroom lessons. Information: 951-372-7166, glen.graham@norcocollege.com, http://www.norcocollege.edu Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Twin sons of murdered former NBA star Lorenzen Wright getting a new start at Murrieta Mesa Even when less than perfect, Rancho Verde track is masterful 3 active TB cases found in Hemet, Riverside hospitals Memorial Day weekend kicks off with march in Corona Lake Perris shows off new water park set to open on Memorial Day 44 free things to do in the Inland Empire this summer Tags:  education Top Stories PE Stephen Wall View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Local News Highland moves to ban marijuana businesses, outdoor cultivation Sinkhole closes one lane of Highway 243 in Idyllwild Memorial Day march from Pomona to Riverside remembers veteran suicide victims Star Wars fans come out in force to celebrate literacy at Victoria Gardens Live Traffic Map Weather Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Company Store RSS Feeds How to Advertise with Us Media Kit Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Advertising Sections Cars Classifieds Directory Real Estate Jobs Top Workplaces Find Us on Other Platforms Email Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Site Map Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Photo Reprints Reader Rewards Partners San Bernardino Sun Redlands Daily Facts The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Gemmer Asset Management LLC Sells 258 Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Oracle Co. (ORCL) Shares Sold by Asset Dedication LLC Roanoke Asset Management Corp NY Sells 39,675 Shares of Bank of America Corp (BAC) Nationwide Fund Advisors Sells 156 Shares of Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Focused Investors LLC Has $1437 Million Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Darling Ingredients Inc (DAR) Stake Raised by Nationwide Fund Advisors Nationwide Fund Advisors Raises Stake in CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP) Nationwide Fund Advisors Has $3.489 Million Position in VeriFone Systems Inc (PAY) Zillow Group, Inc. (Z) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IRWD) Short Interest Down 8.4% in May BJ's Restaurants, Inc. (BJRI) Shares Sold by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Q3 2017 Earnings Forecast for Amgen, Inc. Issued By William Blair (AMGN) Everence Capital Management Inc. Purchases 2,100 Shares of Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Shares Sold by Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Boosts Stake in PharMerica Co. (PMC) Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Position Held by Portland Global Advisors LLC Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $290,000 Stake in Alamo Group, Inc. (ALG) News Corp (NWSA) Stake Decreased by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Bristol John W & Co. Inc. NY Sells 14,398 Shares of Facebook Inc (FB) Doyle Wealth Management Invests $12.172 Million in Intel Co. (INTC) Focused Investors LLC Has $1437 Million Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) May 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Focused Investors LLC decreased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 0.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 1,984,000 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 13,700 shares during the period. Wal-Mart Stores comprises approximately 5.2% of Focused Investors LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 9th largest position. Focused Investors LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $143,007,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. bought a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $104,000. Asset Planning Services Ltd. raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,511 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 6,777.8% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 114,171 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $114,000 after buying an additional 112,511 shares during the period. Sunbelt Securities Inc. bought a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth about $125,000. Finally, Crow Point Partners LLC bought a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $127,000. Institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 78.13 on Friday. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12-month low of $65.28 and a 12-month high of $79.44. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $75.55 and its 200-day moving average price is $71.19. The company has a market cap of $237.12 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.74 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $117.01 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.98 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright law. The original version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/27/focused-investors-llc-has-1437-million-position-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on WMT shares. Vetr lowered Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $69.26 target price for the company. in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Bank of America Corp upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their target price for the company from $76.00 to $88.00 in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Gordon Haskett started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $90.00 target price for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, TheStreet upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. Wal-Mart Stores currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $78.15. In related news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total transaction of $264,012,022.57. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $756,408,072.73. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at $476,044,833.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 18,856,294 shares of company stock worth $1,396,513,400 over the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban Local News Visitors, bystanders warn residents of Raleigh apartment fire Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Sponsor Weather Funnel cloud moves through Statesville, NC DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw NC State NC State picks up UNCW transfer Bryce, Utah's Daniels Baseball Florida State beats Duke 5-1, advances to ACC title game Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Local News Chipotle data breach affected several Triangle-area locations Business CEO pay by the numbers: How big were last year's raises? Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Disguising voter suppression behind mask of voter ID DRAUGHON DRAWS: Sen. Hise, Food Stamp overseer Editorial: High court's firm ruling paves way for nonpartisan redistricting Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Free Memorial Day offers for Military 2017 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings: Fei Huang, HWY 55 Burgers, Amante 5 On Your Side Firing up your grill this weekend? Loose brush bristles can make a cookout dangerous 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Be a lifeguard: Stay alert to prevent childhood drownings National News Copperhead bites NC boy at his birthday party Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Paid to have fun: Pilots soar, share at WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Out and About Boylan Bridge Brewpub will reopen Monday Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Local News Pilots share love for flight with NC families NC Wanted NC Wanted: Teen's body found on Fort Bragg @NCCapitol 05/27: Supreme Court strikes 2011 NC congressional maps Live Video Schedule 6a WRAL Morning News 4p North Carolina FC vs. Jacksonville Armada Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › 68° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 68° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather 14 NC counties and 1 VA county are under alert, including Halifax and Northampton counties. Details Published: 2017-05-26 05:00:00 Updated: 2017-05-26 23:16:14 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks Tags: Freebies Posted 5:00 a.m. Friday Updated 11:16 p.m. Friday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18B9M Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Most Memorial Day sales are about saving you money. With Swagbucks, you'll earn money too! Right now, they are offering increased cash back (in the form of SB points) at several of your favorite merchants. If you haven't heard of Swagbucks, when you shop there you get cash back in the form of SB points for every dollar you spend. Then you redeem those points for gift cards to places like Amazon, PayPal, Starbucks, Walmart, Target, and more! Plus, if you've signed up through my links HERE, at some point this month (or do it now), you'll get a $2 (200 SB) bonus added to your account when you spend $25 or more through Swagbucks Shop before the first of June! You can earn SB in all sorts of ways, including discovering deals and trying new products/services, watching videos, taking surveys, or just searching the web! Get your shopping done early AND get points for it! Offers last through Monday, May 29th, 2017. See all the sales and bonus SB points at Swagbucks.com HERE. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks 1 Swagbucks Memorial Day Sale Swagbucks.com website Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Become a Durham County Foster Parent 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments 2 Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Faye Prosser -WRAL Smart Shopper May 26, 1:47 p.m. ascherer - you are welcome!! QUOTE Report as abuse ascherer May 26, 1:32 p.m. Faye - Thanks QUOTE Report as abuse Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Balloons soar in competition at Fuquay-Varina festival Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About WRAL Balloon Fest lights up Fuquay-Varina skies Local News One dead, three injured in Wake Forest wreck Travel Floating water park to open next week in North Myrtle Beach Strange News $10,000 bill for getting car stuck in newly poured concrete Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Sleeping in shelves, 2 students spend 48 hours in WalMart Education Budgeting for education Out and About Pilots share love for flight with NC families Out and About WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest 5 On Your Side Best gas grills: Add some sizzle to your summer barbecue Local News Vietnam Traveling Memorial Wall comes to Morehead City National News Texas man catches 13-pound bullfrog Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Food This map shows the most popular food in every state Business CEO pay by the numbers: How big were last year's raises? Green Guide Outer Banks beach named among best in US, ranking says Weather Look up: International Space Station more visible through Saturday Go Ask Mom Open, closed: Memorial Day weekend hours for family-friendly destinations High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Out and About Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Out and About Pirates of the Caribbean: Please let this be the last one Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban Business Trump's trip: Conventional images and unconventional talk Political News What if US quits climate deal? Doesn't look good for Earth Entertainment Melania Trump wears $51K Dolce & Gabbana jacket in Sicily Entertainment Southern rock founding father Gregg Allman dies at age 69 SmartShopper New Kroger Instant Win Game: Over 75,000 winners! SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend @NCCapitol Cooper again challenges lawmakers over appointment powers SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? SmartShopper Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Balloons soar in competition at Fuquay-Varina festival Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About WRAL Balloon Fest lights up Fuquay-Varina skies Local News One dead, three injured in Wake Forest wreck Travel Floating water park to open next week in North Myrtle Beach Strange News $10,000 bill for getting car stuck in newly poured concrete Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Sleeping in shelves, 2 students spend 48 hours in WalMart Education Budgeting for education Out and About Pilots share love for flight with NC families Out and About WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest 5 On Your Side Best gas grills: Add some sizzle to your summer barbecue Local News Vietnam Traveling Memorial Wall comes to Morehead City National News Texas man catches 13-pound bullfrog Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Food This map shows the most popular food in every state Business CEO pay by the numbers: How big were last year's raises? Green Guide Outer Banks beach named among best in US, ranking says Weather Look up: International Space Station more visible through Saturday Go Ask Mom Open, closed: Memorial Day weekend hours for family-friendly destinations High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Out and About Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Out and About Pirates of the Caribbean: Please let this be the last one Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban Business Trump's trip: Conventional images and unconventional talk Political News What if US quits climate deal? Doesn't look good for Earth Entertainment Melania Trump wears $51K Dolce & Gabbana jacket in Sicily Entertainment Southern rock founding father Gregg Allman dies at age 69 SmartShopper New Kroger Instant Win Game: Over 75,000 winners! SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend @NCCapitol Cooper again challenges lawmakers over appointment powers SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? SmartShopper Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Close Navigation Home Topics What's On? Weather   -   Interactive Radar   -   Road Conditions   -   Ski Report   -   SkyCams   -   Weather Kids   -   Weather Photos   -   Severe Weather Awareness Week Sports   -   Big Buck   -   Big Fish   -   Fish & Game Forecast   -   Golf Classic   -   Hello, My Name Is   -   Hilight Zone   -   Local Scores   -   National Scores   -   UPick’Em Birthday Club Station   -   Contact Us   -   Jobs at WSAW   -   Order a Copy of a Story or Newscast That Aired on NewsChannel 7   -   Sales   -   Triple 7 Productions 7 Investigates   -   Submit a News Tip Recalls Community   -   Birthday Club   -   Gas Prices   -   Obituaries Honor Flight Subscribe   -   E-News   -   Push Alerts Livestream 2 Closings Fox Wausau MomsEveryday Local X Submit Photos and Videos Features Buddy Check 7 Pet Project Share Your Holidays Your Town Marshfield Your Town Wisconsin Rapids Your Town Merrill Close Navigation Topics Close Navigation Back Agriculture Animals AP College Consumer Crime Education Entertainment Environment Health High School International Local National Politics Safety State Station Sunrise 7 Weather Weather Videos 60°F Overcast 73° 53° Wausau, WI Toggle navigation Overcast 60°F News Weather Sports Community What's On? Home Local Article Medford Walmart reopens after bomb threat By WSAW Staff |  Posted: Fri 7:52 PM, May 26, 2017  |  Updated: Fri 7:53 PM, May 26, 2017 MEDFORD, Wis. (WSAW) -- The Medford Walmart reopened late Friday afternoon after a bomb threat earlier in the day. According to the Medford Police Department’s Facebook page, the Taylor County Dispatch Center received a 911 call at 2:56 p.m. reporting that they had received a bomb threat at their store. An employee of Walmart reported that they received a phone call from an unknown male that they overheard a conversation earlier in the day at a Medford business, and that a bomb was planted by the lake by Walmart in Medford. Law enforcement and fire personnel were dispatched to the scene and the store was evacuated. Both the interior and exterior of the building were searched and nothing suspicious was found. Through the initial investigation it was determined that there was no credible threat and the store was turned back over to management. The Medford Police Department is continuing to investigate the incident. Wausau community comes together for Memorial Day parade to honor veterans Racers take on Rib Mountain Adventure Challenge Minocqua businesses get ready for crowds Medford Walmart reopens after bomb threat 6 students graduate from Project Search 7 Investigates: Grassland Dairy Pt. 2 Consumer Reports: best gas grills for your summer cook out Wausau community comes together for Memorial Day parade to honor veterans Racers take on Rib Mountain Adventure Challenge Minocqua businesses get ready for crowds Medford Walmart reopens after bomb threat 6 students graduate from Project Search   News Weather Interactive Radar Road Conditions Ski Report SkyCams Weather Kids Weather Photos Severe Weather Awareness Week Sports Big Buck Big Fish Fish & Game Forecast Golf Classic Hello, My Name Is Hilight Zone Local Scores National Scores UPick’Em Birthday Club Station Contact Us Jobs at WSAW Order a Copy of a Story or Newscast That Aired on NewsChannel 7 Sales Triple 7 Productions 7 Investigates Submit a News Tip Terms of Use Privacy Policy/YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Advertising EEO Statement Public Inspection File Copyright © 2002-2017 - Designed by Gray Digital Media - Powered by Clickability wsaw.com/a?a=424696724 × Online Public Information File Click Here to access the online Public Inspection File Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or fccinfo@fcc.gov. Public File Liaison: Jane Ploeger jane.ploeger@wsaw.com Station Contact Info: WSAW-TV 1114 Grand Ave. Wausau, WI 54403 Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May chain store sales to be released June 1 Shutterstock photo What’s Happening Mega retailer Wal-Mart ( WMT ) has traded sharply higher over the last three months, and an upbeat May chain store sales report on June 1 could drive shares even higher. WMT has appreciated 13.6% on the year. Technical Analysis WMT was recently trading at $77.99, down $1.45 from its 12-month high and $12.71 above its 12-month low. Technical indicators for WMT are bullish and the stock is in a strong upwards trend. The stock has recent support above $74.95 and has recent resistance below $79.50. Of the 22 analysts who cover the stock, nine rate it a „strong buy”, 11 rate it a „hold”, and two rate it a „strong sell”. The stock receives S&P Capital IQ’s 5 STARS „Strong Buy” ranking. Analyst’s Thoughts The recent earnings season was mixed for the retail sector, but the stocks that really got hit the hardest are those that have failed to keep pace in the digital age. Brick and mortar retailers that have failed to boost their online sales suffered, as Amazon.com ( AMZN ) continues to shake up the sector and punish traditional retailers. While there were plenty of disappointments, the overall retail picture remains upbeat. Chain store sales represent around 10% of overall retail sales, so they do paint a picture of the overall retail sector. A wide range of retailers will release their May sales numbers, and Wall Street will use these reports to gauge the health of the overall sector as we head into the summer months. Given Wal-Mart’s recent strength and its ability to boost online sales, the stock should continue moving higher as long as there are no significantly negative news in this month’s reports. Stock Only Trade If you’re looking to establish a long stock position in WMT, consider buying the stock under $78.00. Sell if it falls below $70.25 or take profits if it gets to $89.75. Bullish Trade If you want a bullish hedged trade on the stock, consider an August 70/72.50 bull-put credit spread for a 25-cent credit. That’s a potential 11.1% return (48.3% annualized*) and the stock would have to fall 6.7% to cause a problem. Bearish Trade If you are looking for a bearish hedged option trade on WMT, consider an August 82.50/85 bear-call credit spread for a 20-cent credit. That’s a potential 8.7% return (37.8% annualized*) and the stock would have to climb 6.0% to cause a problem. Covered Call Trade To purchase the stock with a lower cost basis, consider a September $80.00 covered call. Buy WMT shares (typically 100 shares, scale as appropriate), while selling the September $80.00 call for a debit of $76.50 per share. The trade has a target assigned return of 4.5%, and a target annualized return of 14.9% (for comparison purposes only). The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. Originally published on InvestorsObserver.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Adolfson & Peterson Construction Breaks Ground with Wiggins Community Next PostNext Ciena Corp. to report second-quarter results June 1 Search Recent Posts Trump Pleased With Results of First Overseas Trip Former Head of Small Business Administration Urges University of La Verne Graduates to Embrace Entrepreneurial Spirit Prof. Narayana Rao KVSS’s Lecture is a Big Hit at the Annual Conference of IISE 2017, held at Pittsburgh, PA, USA. April’s construction spending report due June 1 May auto sales numbers due June 1 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Cleveland.com Menu Home News open Politics open Local News open Opinion open Business open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate open Rentals open Videos open Photos open Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds open Find&Save Local Businesses open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists open Courts Nation World Special Reports open Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns open Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining open Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Business KeyBank customer is irate that his ATM card can be used without his PIN: Money Matters Posted on May 28, 2017 at 1:00 AM By Teresa Dixon Murray, The Plain Dealer tmurray@plaind.com File photo  Q: I recently found out by accident that the ATM-only card I received from KeyBank can also be used as a debit card. I discovered that two purchases over the last year were deducted from my checking account without my knowledge. For the last purchase, either I or a cashier at Walmart in North Olmsted chose the debit card option for a sale of $14.23 on March 4, 2017. I never entered a PIN. I still have the receipt. I was unaware of this transaction until I went on the KeyBank website and saw the purchase listed as a checking account transaction. I absolutely do not want a debit card of any sort or any credit card linked to my checking account.  I want to unlink this card from my checking account, and I would like to know how to do so.   T.R., North Olmsted   A: We'll put this in the category of You Learn Something New Every Day.   And it's a rather disturbing realization. It appears you were able to use your ATM-only card without your PIN and without a signature for small transactions. I'm a bit stunned. To be clear, an ATM-only card doesn't have a MasterCard or Visa logo, and shouldn't be ale to used without a PIN. After much back and forth with KeyBank, the bank was unclear whether you were using an ATM card, or debit card, or credit card. A credit card would not be linked to your checking account. A debit card would, but you don't have one. Your ATM card would, but would require a PIN.   You insist it was an ATM card that you used without your PIN.   Key spokeswoman Drez Jennings said people who use KeyBank ATM cards -- not a debit card with the MasterCard logo -- can indeed use those cards for point-of-sale transactions totaling up to $500 per day. Normally, consumers would have to enter their PIN, however.   But Jennings added that it's up to merchants -- not the bank -- whether to require a PIN on small point-of-sale transactions, meaning those of $50 or less. This is important.   So in theory, someone could take your ATM-only card or, worse yet, my ATM-only card, and use it at a merchant for small purchases without the PIN and of course without a signature. Just swipe and go.   You said a KeyBank representative also told you your ATM-only card could be used at the point-of-sale for purchases up to $500, with a PIN.   But how about those under $50 transactions? That was a bit of a head-scratcher.   You conducted an experiment. You went to Walmart and made a small purchase using your ATM-only card, without the PIN. "A few days later, the purchase showed up as a debit transaction from my KeyBank online checking account history. I did not need to enter a PIN during the transaction," you said.   I have long known that ATM-only cards could be used at just about any point-of-sale location where there's a PIN pad, so the four-digit PIN can be entered. But it appears that in some cases, an ATM card can be used for small purchases without the PIN, if the merchant doesn't require it for small dollar amounts. This is bad. You said you've stopped carrying your ATM-only card around in your wallet because you're concerned that, if you lose it, anyone who finds it could tap your checking account for bunches of small purchases.   I'm interested in whether anyone else has experienced this, whether you're a customer of Key or another bank: Have you been able to use an ATM-only card (one without a Visa or MasterCard log) for a small purchase without a PIN? Please let me know by emailing me at tmurray@plaind.com or text me at 216-316-7064.   Q: I wanted to give you a heads-up on a new scam. This was passed along by someone else. Here's the story: Wednesday a week ago, I had a phone call from someone saying that he was from some outfit called: "Express Couriers,"(The name could be any courier company) He asked if I was going to be home because there was a package for me that required a signature. The caller said that the delivery would arrive at my home in roughly an hour. Sure enough, about an hour later, a uniformed delivery man turned up with a beautiful basket of flowers and a bottle of wine. I was very surprised since there was no special occasion or holiday, and I certainly didn't expect anything like it. Intrigued, I inquired as to who the sender was. The courier replied, "I don't know, I'm only delivering the package." Apparently, a card was being sent separately... (the card has never arrived!) There was also a consignment note with the gift.   He then went on to explain that because the gift contained alcohol, there was a $3.50 "delivery/ verification charge," providing proof that he had actually delivered the package to an adult (of legal drinking age), and not just left it on the doorstep where it could be stolen or taken by anyone, especially a minor.   This sounded logical and I offered to pay him cash. He then said that the delivery company required payment to be by credit or debit card only, so that everything is properly accounted for, and this would help in keeping a legal record of the transaction.   He added couriers don't carry cash to avoid loss or likely targets for robbery.   My husband, who by this time was standing beside me, pulled out his debit card, and the "delivery man" asked him to swipe the card on a small mobile card machine with a small screen and keypad. My husband was asked to enter his PIN number and a receipt was printed out. He was given a copy of the transaction.  The guy said everything was in order, and wished us good day. To our horrible surprise, between Thursday and the following Monday,  $4,000 had been charged/withdrawn from our account at various ATM machines.  Apparently the "mobile credit card machine," which the deliveryman carried had all the info necessary to create a "dummy" card with all our card details including the PIN number.   Upon finding out about the illegal transactions on our card, we immediately notified the bank, which issued us a new card. We also went to the police, where it was confirmed that it is definitely a scam because several households had been similarly hit. Tim Dimoff, SACS Consulting & Investigative Services, Akron A: I almost thought this was an urban legend or old wives' tale, just because I couldn't imagine someone providing this type of information to a stranger, to pay for a shipment that hadn't been ordered and the sender was unknown.   But lo and behold, a little research indicates this scam surfaced about 10 years ago, and apparently it's back. Ugh. So, don't accept surprise shipments or gifts, especially if you're expected to pay something for them. And don't give out financial information to strangers. Ever.   View Comments About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search 24 hour Dorman At Liberty by Adam Sullivan Exact change by Lynda Waddington Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Stephen Black, founder of Impact America, to keynote Iowa Ideas higher education track LEARN MORE Submit a Letter more Ask & Answer Most Popular Most Recent He never knows what tomorrow holds Cedar Rapids Trump rally postponed Marion boys' soccer turnaround results in first state tournament appearance Hlas: From bottom of pile to king of mound at Wartburg Following $2.4 million renovation, Pleasant Creek open for business Iowa back in Big Ten baseball tournament championship after 13-inning win over Minnesota East Buchanan wins 1A boys’ state golf crown He never knows what tomorrow holds Sean Poppen gets the Kernels poppin’ with 7 shutout innings in win over Kane County Iowa City West boys’ tennis sweeps 2A state singles and doubles, eyes ‘triple crown’ CR Transit changes nearly here Video Photo Buses are reflected in the windows of the Ground Transportation Center on Monday, Dec. 2, 2013, in Cedar Rapids. (Liz Martin/The Gazette) Lynda Waddington The Gazette More stories from Lynda May 26, 2017 at 11:37 am | Print View Proposed changes to Cedar Rapids Transit passed their first public hearing hurdle this week. The upcoming changes are a result of recommendations from the 2016 Corridor Metropolitan Planning Organization (MPO) transit study, as well as current fiscal reality. In short, most transit riders will see improvements, but not a much wanted broader expansion of service. What’s included? Glad you asked. • Alternative Transfer Locations (aka Mini-Hubs) — Riders are going to see more crossover of routes, which will allow transfers to more easily take place outside of the ground transportation center in downtown Cedar Rapids. These will be located at Lindale and Westdale malls, and at the east and west side Wal-Mart stores. • Circulators — Looping routes will be implemented for Marion (Route 20) and the northeast side/Hiawatha (Route 30), making it easier for residents of those areas to run local errands. The circulators will connect with other routes through the Lindale Mall mini-hub and, for Route 30, the Wal-Mart on Blairs Ferry Rd. • Frequency Increases — Buses on heavily used Route 5, which travels First Avenue between the GTC and Lindale, will arrive every 15 minutes. The two circulators begin with one-hour frequencies. • Peak Service — Several Cedar Rapids high schools will benefit from higher bus frequency during peak hours. • Stagnant Fares & Taxes — There will be no fare or Cedar Rapids tax levy increases, and Saturday transit service remains free. • Route Efficiencies — Infrequently used bus stops are eliminated or combined, and widespread rerouting will take place. For instance, routes 2 and 9 are being combined, while routes 4 and 6 will connect at the Wal-Mart. There are multiple other changes, most minor. A complete list with maps and frequencies is on the City of Cedar Rapids website. Not (yet) included are a handful of more costly changes many transit riders want: • Sunday Service • Expanded Footprint • Express Service (to Downtown Cedar Rapids) • Night Service That last bullet point was the most requested system enhancement from those who participated in the transit survey. It’s also my biggest complaint about local bus service. To understand why, consider Tuesday’s public hearing on these proposed changes. The hearing began after local service ended for the day. So, the people most impacted by the changes were effectively cut out of the process unless they could arrange alternate transportation. Any way you slice it, that’s unfair. The good news is that CR Transit Manager Brad DeBrower is aware and exploring options. He told Cedar Rapids Council members to expect to hear from him again next year, when he hopes to present options for expanded transit hours. After the hearing he told me work being done now, specifically fleet and other equipment updates, could help pave the way to night service. So, who wants to ride the buses with me after the route changes are implemented? • Comments: @LyndaIowa, (319) 339-3144, lynda.waddington@thegazette.com Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Exact change by Lynda Waddington articles Keep it honest, take it personally A Mother's Day question: Do we really va ... Oklahoma provides template for pipeline ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Comments Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Home Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Community Announcements Weather Sports US/World National World Politics Live Better Comics/Puzzles East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Weather Sponsor Have a great story? Send a tip! 208-528-NEWS Weather Sponsored By Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Community Announcements Weather Sports US/World Idaho Utah Wyoming Montana National World Politics Live Better Comics/Puzzles East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Living the Wild Life Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Utah woman arrested after allegedly locking kids in trunk while shopping Utah 0  Updated at 9:20 am, May 27th, 2017 By: Yvette Cruz, KSL.com Share This Story We Matched Tori Lee Castillo | KSL.com RIVERDALE, Utah — A woman was arrested after locking her two children in the trunk of her car in a Wal-Mart parking lot Thursday, Riverdale police said. Police officers were dispatched to a Wal-Mart at 4848 900 West in Riverdale after a witness called 911 claiming to have seen Tori Lee Castillo, 39, leave the children in the trunk, according to Riverdale Police Lt. Casey Warren. Police said the children, ages 2 and 5 years old, began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake. Warren said several good Samaritans in the lot noticed and helped the children by telling the 5-year-old girl to pull the emergency latch in the trunk to escape. Police contacted Child and Family Services and the children were turned over to a responsible party, Warren said. Once Castillo returned to the car, she was interviewed by police and booked into Weber County Jail for investigation of child abuse. This article was originally published by KSL.com. It is used here with permission. NEVER MISS A STORY! CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FREE EASTIDAHONEWS.COM APP Managing Editor Visit Stories Stories You May Be Interested In: Human remains found in cellar of Utah residence 22 May 2017 Liesl Nielsen, KSL.com Department of Correction fugitive arrested in Idaho Falls after DUI tip 19 May 2017 Stephan Rockefeller, EastIdahoNews.com 500 gallons of nitric acid spilled in SLC streets; no known threat to public 25 May 2017 Liesl Nielsen, KSL.com Fort Hall man admits to firing rifle at group of people with bullets hitting person 25 May 2017 EastIdahoNews.com staff Images in the news Related Stories   Father dies but son survives boating accident near American Falls SCHIESS: Weasels battles and swooping songbirds Authorities searching for escapee from Nampa Juvenile Corrections Center Missing man in Franklin County found dead First look inside Disney’s new ‘Pandora: World of Avatar’ East Idaho Eats: Italian, American fusion at Fresco Kitchen and Grill Have a tip? We want to hear it!Local news comes from local people! Tell us what’s going on in your area! Send a tip ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US JOBS OUR TEAM OUR ETHICS OUR PARTNERS TERMS OF USE COPYRIGHT CLAIM PROCEDURE PRIVACY STATEMENT © 2017, EastIdahoNews.com
Blackhawk Up Home Videos About News Editorials History Rockford IcehogsRockford Icehogs Prospects Rumors Schedule Shop MoreMore Write for us Tickets Facebook Twitter May 25, 2017; Pittsburgh, PA, USA; Ottawa Senators goalie Craig Anderson (41) and defenseman Marc Methot (3) react to the game winning goal by Pittsburgh Penguins left wing Chris Kunitz (not pictured) in the second overtime in game seven of the Eastern Conference Final of the 2017 Stanley Cup Playoffs at the PPG PAINTS Arena. Mandatory Credit: Charles LeClaire-USA TODAY Sports Stanley Cup Final’s Conn Smythe Odds For Penguins, Predators by Colin Likas Chicago Blackhawks’ Marcus Kruger Celebrates His Golden Birthday by Gail Kauchak Chicago Blackhawks News Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- UnSenSational Final by Keith Schultz18 hours agoFollow @Oakforest72 Tweet Share x GPlus Pin Comment Good morning Chicago Blackhawks fans! As promised I have arrived in the wonderful world of Wal-mart errr Bentonville Arkansas for my sons wedding, and now we can talk about the Stanley Cup Final. Let’s be honest, I was hoping for an Ottawa Senators vs Nashville Predators Final with the Penguins losing in overtime of Game #7 of the Conference Finals just like the Hawks did back in 2014.  I really thought it was going to happen when the Senators tied it up a second time late in the third period when they could have folded on the road giving up a late third period goal. Of course as we know the Penguins scored in double overtime which means NBC gets the better of the two matchups of course with Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin among the headliners. I guess I will root for the Preds solely based on the fact I don’t want the Penguins to repeat since the Hawks weren’t able too, plus I think it will make the Hawks vs Preds rivalry that much better for years to come. More from Chicago Blackhawks News 5/27 - Chicago Blackhawks Sign Michal Kempny To A One Year Extension 5/27 - Chicago Blackhawks’ Marcus Kruger Celebrates His Golden Birthday 5/26 - Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- The Draft Is Coming 5/25 - Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- Game 7 Night 5/24 - Chicago Blackhawks: Defenseman Jan Rutta A Target In Free Agency Granted I don’t want either team to win, but this should be a pretty good series with the Preds the underdog with Ryan Johansen out for the rest of the playoffs. What do you think? Who will you be rooting for in the Final? Here are some morning links to start your weekend. More from Blackhawk Up Chicago Blackhawks’ Michal Kempny Re-Signing A Positive Move11h ago Chicago Blackhawks Sign Michal Kempny To A One Year Extension13h ago Chicago Blackhawks’ Marcus Kruger Celebrates His Golden Birthday14h ago Stanley Cup Final’s Conn Smythe Odds For Penguins, Predators1 d ago Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- The Draft Is Coming1 d ago Soup and Sandwich was the obvious choice for best feature of the year (Blackhawks) Why did this fan become a Chicago Blackhawks fan (Second City) The Blackhawks are reportedly in the mix for another player from Europe (Committed Indians) For the second straight year a first round exit was a wake up call (CSN) John Hayden leaves Yale with a degree and much more (Athletic) A look at Mikael Granlund‘s breakout season in Minnesota (Gone Puck Wild) The Pittsburgh Penguins march to the Finals was filled with plenty of challenges (Pro Hockey Talk) Next: What About The Blackhawks Centerman? The eulogy of the Ottawa Senators (Puck Daddy)     Load Comments Top Stories Blackhawk Up 1 d agoChicago Blackhawks Morning Links- The Draft Is Coming Sports Illustrated Extra Mustard 2w agoPatrick Kane gives up first-class seat to soldier Blackhawk Up 2d agoChicago Blackhawks Morning Links- Game 7 Night Blackhawk Up 3d agoChicago Blackhawks: Defenseman Jan Rutta A Target In Free Agency Newsletter Featured Products Amazon $28.00NHL Chicago Blackhawks Men's CCM Classic Stripe Tri-... Fanatics $49.992017 NHL Winter Classic Chicago Blackhawks vs. St. Louis ... Amazon $11.50nfinity Collection Chicago Blackhawks Hockey Bracelet Your Chicago Blackhawks. Your inbox. Every Day. Build your own custom daily newsletter with updates on your favorite teams, sent directly to your inbox. Your privacy is safe with us. We’ll never pass along your email address to spammers, scammers, or the like. About About Masthead Press Openings Swag Stay Connected Our 300+ Sites Mobile Apps FanSided Daily Google Newsstand FanSided Deals Contact Technical Support Advertise Writer Application Tips Download our mobile apps Your favorite teams, topics, and players all on your favorite mobile devices. © 2017 FanSided Inc. All Rights Reserved. FanSided NFL More NFL News » More NFL Mocks » View all NFL Sites Topics Fantasy Football NFL Draft 2016 NFL Mock Drafts NFL Scouting Combine NFL Free Agency 2016 NFL Tickets Ranking Starting QBs for Each Team Best NFL Player Born in Every State NBA More NBA News » More NBA Features » View all NBA Sites Topics All NBA Fantasy Basketball NBA Draft NBA Playoffs NBA Free Agency NBA All-Star Weekend NBA Tickets Ranking the last 50 NBA Champions 50 Greatest NBA Duos of All-Time MLB More MLB News » More Fantasy Baseball » View all MLB Sites Topics All MLB Fantasy Baseball MLB Trade Rumors MLB Free Agency Call to the Pen MLB Tickets Best Player on Every MLB Team Top 25 players 25 and under NHL More NHL News » More NHL Playoffs » View all NHL Sites Topics All NHL NHL Playoffs NHL Draft NHL Free Agency NHL Tickets Each NHL Team's Most Likely Future Hall of Famer Power Ranking Current Head Coaches SOCCER More Premier League News » More MLS News » View all SOCCER Sites Topics All Soccer Soccer Tickets Premier League MLS World Cup USMNT Champions League Serie A La Liga Bundesliga We Are Hooligans Playing for 90 30 Greatest Teams in Premier League History CFB More College Football News » More College Football Features » View all CFB Sites Topics SEC BIG 12 BIG TEN ACC PAC 12 CFB Tickets College Football Playoff 50 Best Rivalries of All-Time 30 Greatest CFB Dynasties of All-Time Best CFB Team of All-Time CBB More College Hoops News » More Busting Brackets » View all CBB Sites Topics All CBB News CBB Tickets March Madness Busting Brackets 28 most memorable buzzer beaters in March Madness history MMA More UFC News » More Bellator News » View all 300+ FanSided Sites Topics UFC Bellator MMA Newsletter MMA Tickets Interviews Golf More PGA Tour » More LPGA Tour » View all 300+ FanSided Sites Topics Power Rankings Fantasy Golf The Masters The Open Championship US Open PGA Championship Golf Tickets Top 30 Golf Courses Ranking Augusta National Racing More NASCAR » More IndyCar » View all 300+ FanSided Sites Topics NASCAR IndyCar FormulaOne Racing Newsletter Racing Tickets Top Drivers of All-Time Entertainment More Movie News » More TV News » View all Entertainment Sites Topics Netflix Originals Game of Thrones The Walking Dead Star Wars WWE Hip Hop Late Night TV 60 Best Sitcoms of All-Time Top 50 TV Shows on Netflix Top 50 Movies on Netflix Deals Tickets Apps Daily Email Our Sites Sports Illustrated More SI Top Stories » More Extra Mustard » View all Sports Illustrated Sites Features Magazine MMQB Swim SI Now SI Wire SI Longform Campush Rush The Cauldron 120 Sports Tweet Share Pin GPlus Comment ' Search for: 'Search FanSided Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- The Draft Is Coming by Keith Schultz Patrick Kane gives up first-class seat to soldier by Extra Mustard Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- Game 7 Night by Keith Schultz NFL NBA MLB NHL SOCCER CFB CBB MMA Golf Racing Entertainment Deals Tickets Apps Daily Email Our Sites Sports Illustrated About/Contact Our 300+ Sites About FanSided Newsletter Contact Us Mobile Apps Story Tipline Openings Privacy Policy Apply Terms of Use Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram Youtube iOS App Android App Our 300+ Sites About FanSided Newsletter Contact Us Mobile Apps Story Tipline Openings Privacy Policy Apply Terms of Use Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram Youtube iOS App Android App
Blog Advertorial Branding Business CSS Code Demos Comics Contests Deals Design Freebies Funny Giveaway HTML How To Inspiration JavaScript Marketing Mobile News Resources Social Media Sponsored Typography UX Design Usability Web Development WordPress Freebies Deals News Business How You Can Compete Against DIY Site Builders By Daniel Davidson · Posted 2 days ago · Reading time: 6 minutes 44 123 10 How does the little guy compete? How do you win against these giant companies? It’s inevitable right? The big guy always wins. Walmart decimated the Mom & Pops. Home Depot killed the local hardware stores. And now, it’s your turn. Squarespace, and Wix, and Webydo, and a dozen others are winning and putting you out of business. At least, if you and I are honest, sometimes late at night, lying in bed, it sure seems that way, right? Well, it sure did for me. I almost gave up. I know there is a small part of you, maybe a big part, that is concerned with the struggle we have in front of us. Big or small, competition always presents a threat. And DIY sure looks like a big one!   Site Builders Are Taking the Internet by Storm Their ads are everywhere. They have Jeff Bridges, John Malkovich, Jason Statham and a host of other celebrities selling for them. They have multi-million dollar campaigns spread across TV, YouTube, and even radio. I don’t think I can get through 5 minutes online without seeing one of their ads. I know you’re seeing the same thing. On YouTube alone, it seems like every content creator is being sponsored by Squarespace, or every other video is bumpered with a Wix commercial. Create your stunning website today. It’s easy and free! ~Wix FREE! And worse, it’s not like they’re selling the GeoCities of yesteryear. Their sites are “stunning.” They do look good. Don’t hate, and don’t be a snob. There are good looking sites on all these platforms. On top of that, their codebase is no joke. Think I’m wrong? Try running one of their sites through Google PageSpeed Insights or YSlow. They’re pretty hard to beat.   So, How Do You Compete? Want the simple answer? You can’t. At least, not directly. But that’s okay. These DIY solutions are doing you, and your business a favor.   When the Writing is on The Wall, it’s Time to Make a Change I struggled with this “problem” for quite some time. For years actually. Even before these DIY site builders arrived, I struggled with how to stay competitive against all the web design marketplaces that were popping up. I had a healthy amount of work at the time, but I could see the writing on the wall. The industry was changing and my place in it was being threatened. So, I thought, “If you can’t beat them, join them.” So, I started to research theme shops. I could start building themes to sell wholesale too. But, just as quickly as I came up with that idea, it was beaten out of me. There were far too many agencies, teams of people, dedicated to cranking out professional themes. I couldn’t compete with that. And, even if I thought I could, it wouldn’t solve anything. I would have the same problem. Bigger swifter shops doing more for less. So, I struggled with this for years. Hoping that someday I’d figure it out. In the meantime I continued to serve my clients as before. I kept trying to do better and better. All the while, web design was getting cheaper and more accessible. Then, one day, I hit “the” wall. I delivered a redesign and it flopped…hard. I launched a redesigned website for a company. It was a significant overhaul from the previous version. We changed everything. It took months, but when finished, the site looked great. I was proud of it. The company was thrilled. Their sales staff were getting compliments on the phone for weeks. I mean everyone loved it! After a few months, I peeked at the website’s analytics to see how great of a job I had done, and I was shocked. Nothing had changed. Bounce rate, page views, average time on site, and even worse, conversions, they were the same as they’d always been. After months of a redesign, the performance of the website had largely been unaffected. This made no sense! A better looking website was supposed to do better. But it hadn’t done better. It had done nothing at all. So, what was happening? I was lost. So, now, on top of the market threatening my livelihood, I now had an ethical problem on top of it all. How could I continue to sell my design services when I was no longer confident it was going to make a difference? How could I continue to market against all those “soulless” pre-built themes.   Maybe, Cheaper DIY is Just as Good I’m sure you’ve been there, or you’re there right now. It’s the problem any honest web designer is bound to face at some point. If you know what I’m talking about, If you’re feeling lost, like the market has made you obsolete, do not lose hope. There is a bright future for web designers. We’re not going anywhere, we’re not being run out of business, and we’re more needed now than ever before. But, as I’ve discovered, to get there, you have to change your perspective on the market we exist in.   To Win, You Must Know Thyself The marketplace has evolved. Not just for web designers, but for our clients and their customers as well. Meaning, showing up and looking good is no longer good enough. If you are only selling clients on getting a beautiful website with a modern code base, you are going to lose for two big reasons.   One, Web “Design” has Become Commoditized Between marketplaces like Envato, hosted e-commerce solutions like Shopify, and now site builders like Squarespace and Wix, you can get good design anywhere. And, you can get it dirt cheap. Most of it is quality work. Built by teams of talented professionals mastering their product for the masses. Today, if you want to get online with a good looking website, you can do it for the price of a Happy Meal. And you can’t dispute that. At least, not honestly. And besides, your client’s customers, they don’t care about design. Not in the way we’ve conditioned our clients to think they do.   Two, Having a Website is no Longer a Novelty And here’s the beginning of why being a web designer today can be so profitable. If you’ve been around for awhile, you probably remember having to sell clients on the importance of being online. Do you remember those times? If not, try to imagine having to sell your client on the “vision” of why their business needed to go “digital.” It wasn’t a gimmick, it was the nature of the market. If you were online, you were cutting edge. You were the company that customer’s wanted to do business with. Then a few years later, BOOM! CSS came onto the stage and erupted into “Web 2.0” And the market changed again. Everyone was getting online. It was no longer the differentiator, it was expected. Now, you had to LOOK like you knew what you were doing. Your client’s website had to look good if it was going to succeed. And this idea stuck. It stuck because it worked. And it has stuck so well, it’s given birth to the enormous DIY market. It’s the premise behind the business model of these DIY builders. To give everyone cheap and affordable access to good looking websites. And our clients are flocking to them. It’s our own fault. We’ve spent the last decade selling them that all they need to do is look good online. That, all they needed, was a good looking website. Except, we were wrong. The market has changed again and the web design community has missed it…   THIS is How You Can Compete… The market is no longer impressed into making conversions. They’re far too savvy for it. Today, the web is a tool to get things done. To find a solution to our problems as quickly as possible. To succeed online we need to focus on more than design and code. We must focus on the end user. This isn’t just so you can stay in business. It’s so you can TRULY be valuable to your clients. You can give them a website that will sell. You know design and code. That means you know more than the average joe trying to save a few bucks by doing it themselves. Teach them it’s more than cramming sales copy into pre-defined blocks of content inside a pretty theme. Help your clients form a strategy that answers their customers problems. Give your clients a website that focuses on their customers first, not their own business. Ask, “Why is a prospect on their website?”, “How did they get there?”, “What are they hoping to find?” Take that strategy and craft engaging content that is customer-focused. If you’re not comfortable writing, then try to deepen your skill set. Learn how to write conversion optimized content. Or, partner with a professional copywriter. Then, design your client’s website for their customer, around your newly crafted strategic content. Combine their messaging with your knowledge of user-behavior patterns. Use design to elicit pre-defined interactions with the content. Guide the customer to their primary goal. Stop delivering digital brochures as websites. Give your clients a 24/7 salesman that listens and responds to their customer’s needs.   And That’s Your Golden Opportunity Against DIY Site Builders They require the DIY’er to be a marketer, professional copywriter, UX expert, and more. But a roofer, chef, banker, lawyer, doctor, they’re not web professionals. They’re not familiar with how the web works and the psychology of the end user. You are! The DIY site builders are targeting those who don’t know better, those who think just being online with a good looking website is good enough. And again: It’s not! It’s categorically not good enough! You know this.   Start Doing More! Make More Wins! If you help your clients understand it’s about their customers first, then you can build their website around the customer’s end goal. You’ll unlock a gold-mine of opportunity that they could never achieve with any DIY solution. No matter what John Malkovich says. By Daniel Davidson Daniel Davidson is a web designer and marketer who has been developing his skill over the last two decades. He is the founder of By Dan Design Co., a premium web design agency that specializes in web design and conversion optimization. More articles by Daniel Davidson Popular posts This red goes to #FG0000: Wide-Gamut Color with and Cloudinary 5 Ways to Use 404 Pages Well 10 Essential Rules for UI Design What’s New for Designers, May 2017 4 Ways Use Functional Animation in UI Design Hot deals 1500+ Design Elements in 1 Huge Graphic Pack - only $8! Ends in - 6 days EXCLUSIVE! Create Up to 40 Caricatures from 1 Image with CaricatureStudio - only $5! Ends in - 4 days Get 800,000+ Stock Vectors, Photos, Icons and more from StockUnlimited - only $39! Ends in - 2 days EASYTHREE Website UX Flowchart (Sketch Version) - only $14! Ends in - 6 days Beautiful Samantha Script Font - only $17! Ends in - 4 days Sponsors Hot deals Remove Image Backgrounds with PhotoScissors version 3 - only $9.97! Fluid Mask 3 - Professional Image Masking Tool - only $49! Lifetime Access to SitePoint Premium (1000s of Developer and Designer Books & Tutorials) - only $44! 31 WordPress Themes + Bonus Elements from ThemeRex - only $27! Related posts Business The right way to increase your freelance rates without losing clients Business 10 simple steps to qualify your clients Business The secret to happy clients Business The only way to sell design Aa Join our 981,540 subscribers and get access to the latest tools, freebies, product announcements and much more! Subscribe me Home About Categories Archive Authors Newsletter Advertise Write for us Legal Contact 210,547 612,458 90,777 © 2010-2017 All Rights Reserved Articles Branding Business CSS Code Demos Comics Contests Deals Design Freebies Funny HTML How To Inspiration JavaScript Marketing Mobile News Resources Social Media Sponsored Typography UX Design Usability Web Development WordPress
Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise 500 Events Subscribe Top Trending: 10 YouTube Channels Every Entrepreneur Should Follow Older Entrepreneurs How Older Entrepreneurs Can Turn Age to Their Advantage Nearly a quarter of new entrepreneurs are boomers aged 55 to 64. They have experience, financial stability and extensive networks. Image credit: Westend61 | Getty Images Roger St. Pierre Guest Writer SVP at First Western Federal Savings Bank ---Shares May 26, 2017 Reader Resource Apply now to be an Entrepreneur 360™ company. Let us tell the world your success story. Get Started » The youthful, vibrant faces of Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk are representative of widely known entrepreneurial icons. But few people would conjure the more etched faces of Sam Walton (who founded Walmart at age 44) or Charles Flint (who founded IBM at 61) when asked to name a successful entrepreneur. Why entrepreneurship is so often correlated with youth rather than corporate experience isn’t clear, particularly considering that age is becoming a huge contributing factor to entrepreneurial success. In 1997, those between ages 55 and 64 constituted only 15 percent of burgeoning entrepreneurs. By 2016, that number reached 24 percent, according to the Kauffman Index of Entrepreneurship. Moreover, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that those 65 and over are the most likely in America to be self-employed, with nearly 16 percent fitting that description. Related: There Are More Older Americans in the Workforce Than Ever Before, Pew Says As new technologies make many traditional functions obsolete, those of older generations find themselves shut out of jobs simply because businesses can hire and train younger, less experienced people for less money. But there are other incentives for older professionals to launch new businesses or become independent contractors in their fields of expertise. By embracing entrepreneurship in the “retirement” years, they can offer a wealth of support for those who might follow in their footsteps. Older professionals with long, successful careers under their belts are leveraging their experience and talent. In a rapidly changing technology-obsessed world, what better retirement investment could there be? The middle-aged entrepreneur has a formidable range of weaponry to use against his young competitors, including depth of experience, wisdom, accumulated wealth and confidence. So how can middle-aged entrepreneurs leverage these advantages and establish their entrepreneurial prowess? 1. Cultivate a vast network. According to psychologist Adam Grant, research proves that success doesn’t come just from hard work and talent -- it’s also contingent upon whom you know. Thus, business leaders should continually explore contacts in their field and keep potential investors or business partners apprised of progress. That way, they can multiply efforts to obtain capital and conduits for new business. If others know about a new business venture, they will be likelier to refer other potential sources of expertise or capital. Luckily for older generations, who aren’t typically known for being online networking wizards, networking is actually better conducted in person. According to The Wall Street Journal, a survey found that 82 percent of respondents feel in-person meetings elicit positive responses; 85 percent feel they lead to breakthrough thinking. “You can’t beat face-to-face meetings for opening the relationship or closing the decision,” added Tom Shaughnessy, who runs Sprint’s small business segment. remember: The longer a professional is active in his industry, the more contacts he develops. However, as older professionals look to expand their networks, consider recruiting a mentor -- no, not a “seasoned” one like you’re probably thinking, but a young one who could balance your efforts and show you the new ways of this ever-evolving, digitalized and fast-paced new world. This young mentor can open doors you didn’t know existed, ultimately expanding your network. 2. Leverage your accrued business experience. It’s undeniable: Starting a business venture later in life means you now have decades of life experience to reference and use. You’re seasoned, and your business acumen is more honed than it ever was in your 20s. Know-how is invaluable. A stint in the trenches comes with a true education of the dangers that lurk and the mistakes to avoid -- something the younger entrepreneur cannot draw upon. The evidence of this is that typical American entrepreneurs are empty-nester parents aged between 55 and 65, not their Silicon Valley-educated children who spend hours coding in their bedrooms and listening to Daft Punk. While you may be eager, you’re still patient -- you’re willing to take steps slowly (even those you’d rather get over with) to give your business its best chances of success. The good news of being a more seasoned businessperson doesn’t end there: Turns out, investors would much prefer to nurture those who have “been there, done that.” Investors are far likelier to part with their funds for those who “put their money where their mouth is” and demonstrate successful track records. By the time professionals have reached middle age, they’ve likely accumulated some wealth -- a great asset when forming a new company and attracting investors. Another great asset -- one that can’t be stressed enough -- is being able to prove your know-how and worth to potential investors. Draw on your accumulated expertise to showcase your industry experience, financial stability, business model effectiveness and overall competency to investors. Related: 12 Benefits of Hiring Older Workers 3. Own your age. According to a 2014 report by Stanford Center on Longevity, older employees are considered pillars at their companies: They’re better collaborators, and they’re more loyal. They also make excellent mentors. Another report by Global Entrepreneurship Monitor highlights this further: “The world is beginning to understand how senior entrepreneurs with their wealth of work and life experience, deep networks, and eagerness to remain productive are a huge untapped resource,” said lead author of the report, Thomas Schøtt. “It is time that we stop thinking about this demographic as a liability and instead recognize them as assets, and work across sectors to help break down barriers to unleash their potential.” Pioneers really do get better with age. A Founder Institute study shows that a 55-year-old and a 65-year-old have more innovation potential than a 25-year-old. Harvard Business Review says experienced workers provide emotional and intellectual stability in the workplace, and both are essential to innovation success: “Think about it -- disruptive innovation is about playing where no one wants to play (low-end), or has thought of playing (new market).” According to the National Academies Press, studies have shown that older workers have advantages over their younger peers. In fact, age is believed to potentially enhance performance at work: “For example, crystallized knowledge (that which has accumulated and is stored, often contrasted with fluid knowledge, which refers to the flexible solution of novel problems) and its positive impact on work is likely to be greater in 50-year-old than 20-year-old workers.” So there you have it -- harness and embrace your age; use it to set an example for your younger cohorts, and remember that age is just a number. Experience is invaluable. Related: Hiring Your Mom or Dad Inspiration can be found in many famous success stories. The founder of McDonald’s, Ray Kroc, sold milkshake mixers until age 52, while Mary Kay Ash, monarch of the cosmetics industry, sold home décor items until she was 45. So often, older pioneers emulate a good Bordeaux in contrast to the age-averse Beaujolais Nouveau. The mature entrepreneur exudes depth of knowledge, rich expertise and wealth, making him a highly valuable commodity in the eyes of the investor and society. Roger St. Pierre Roger St. Pierre is senior vice president at First Western Federal Savings Bank, one of the nation’s leading brokers of IRA non recourse loans specializing in customized lending on income-producing properties. Operating... Read more Networking Baby Boomers Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Older Entrepreneurs Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Customer Care Strategies Webinar Ask Entrepreneur Entrepreneur 360™ Livestream Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Editions United States Middle East India Español Albanian Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Join Our Newsletter Get our best stories of the week direct to your inbox. Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2017 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Terms of Use © 2017 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds... OK This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our cookie collection. More information about how we collect cookies is found here. Stay Informed. Be Inspired. Receive customized news, stories and solutions direct to your inbox. Enter your email Invalid Email
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2904 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: Smith & Wesson’s M&P M2.0 Pistol 4:03 PM 05/24/2017 Why She’ll Want A Smith & Wesson M&P M2.0 4:45 PM 05/23/2017 Sheriff Jim Wilson: Understanding The Flash Sight Picture 4:14 PM 05/18/2017 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Pistol 4:41 PM 05/17/2017 Everything You Need To Know For Handgun Shooting 11:37 AM 05/16/2017 U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Police respond following theft of $5 May 26, 2017 • Police Blotter The following reports are from the Roswell Police Department and are available at rpdp2c.org. All people arrested or cited are presumed innocent. Police were dispatched to Walmart in the 4500 block [auth] of North Main Street in response to a burglary call. A $5 bill was stolen from an unlocked vehicle. Arrests and arrest citations Tricia Marie Stafford, 37, of the 1200 block of East Country Club Road, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia at 11:50 p.m. Thursday in the 400 block of 24th Street. Bronson Lee Clark, 19, of the 500 block of South Spruce, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia at 9:37 a.m. Monday in the 700 block of West Second Street. Maria Inez Lucero, 58, of the 500 block of South Wyoming Avenue, was charged with possession of marijuana at 12:25 p.m. Monday at her home. Renee Delossantos-Sanchez, 51, of the 700 block of Greenbrier Drive, was charged with possession of controlled substances at 4:53 p.m. Monday in the 3800 block of South Main Street. Michelle Lee Tyler, 35, of the 1100 block of South Missouri Avenue, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia at 10:05 p.m. Tuesday in the 400 block of East Bland Street. Shaniya Elydia Obryon, 18, of Dexter, was charged with possession of marijuana in the 1500 block of North Union Avenue at 11 p.m. Wednesday. Burglaries Police were dispatched to the 600 block of West Alameda Street at 11:12 p.m. Monday in response to a burglary call. A tablet and support equipment valued at $122 were reported stolen. Police were dispatched to the 1100 block of South Richardson Avenue at 6:34 p.m. Tuesday in response to a burglary call. A bicycle, a propane tank, a Playstation and a lawnmower valued at $520 were reported stolen. Criminal damages Police were dispatched to the 1800 block of Monroe Avenue at 2:36 p.m. Thursday in response to a criminal damage call. A glass door valued at $350 was reported damaged. Police were dispatched to the 200 block of West First Street at 8:53 a.m. Thursday in response to a criminal damage call. A glass door valued at $200 was reported damaged. Police were dispatched to the 1400 block of West Second Street at 8:35 a.m. Tuesday in response to a criminal damage call. A glass door valued at $1,000 was reported damaged. Police were dispatched to the 800 block of North Richardson Avenue at 7:10 a.m. Tuesday in response to a criminal damage call. A rear windshield valued at $250 was reported damaged. Police were dispatched to the 2800 block of North Main Street at 4:41 p.m. Wednesday in response to a criminal damage call. A chain link fence valued at $350 was reported stolen. Police were dispatched to the 300 block of Onyx Street at 2:07 p.m. Wednesday in response to a criminal damage call. A car door and window valued at $450 were reported damaged. Larceny Police were dispatched to the 1700 block of South Main Street at 4:13 p.m. Tuesday in response to a larceny call. A cell phone and clothing valued at $241.87 were reported stolen. Related Posts About the Author: - RDR Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « BLM planning prescribed burn Nation’s oldest civil rights organization is very active in Roswell » Business Review Desert Palms, LLC. Carpet & Tile Cleaning Dining Guide El Toro Bravo Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years New Mexico police to watch for drunken drivers May 27, 2017 US nuclear lab’s future up in the air after recent fire May 27, 2017 Archdiocese tells workers to ask ICE agents for warrants May 27, 2017 Man sentenced for raping women with mental disorders May 27, 2017 State Police: Wanted person fatally shot by officers May 27, 2017 New Mexico governor restores university funds, vetoes taxes May 26, 2017 Albuquerque curbs arrests, jail time for minor crimes May 26, 2017 Illinois men accused of sexually assaulting New Mexico girl May 26, 2017 Body of hiker who fell into canyon near Alamogordo recovered May 26, 2017 Renovation on New Mexico church finds new visitors: bees May 26, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah Woman arrested after allegedly locking kids in trunk while shopping By Katie McKellar @KatieMcKellar1 Published: May 26, 2017 10:50 p.m. + Leave a comment 1 of 1 View 1 Item Weber County Jail Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was booked into the Weber County Jail on Thursday, May 26, 2017 for child abuse after police say she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she went shopping at a Riverdale Wal-Mart. RIVERDALE, Weber County — A woman was arrested Thursday after police say she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at Wal-Mart. Riverdale police Lt. Casey Warren said police were dispatched to the Riverdale Wal-Mart after a witness called police, claiming to see a woman lock two children in her car before she left to go shopping. Comment on this story The children, ages 2 and 5, began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake, Warren said. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children," Warren said. They instructed the 5-year-old girl to pull the emergency latch in the trunk to escape, Warren said. Child and Family Services was contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party, Warren said. Once the children's mother returned, she was interviewed by police before being booked into the Weber County jail for child abuse, Warren said. Katie McKellar @KatieMcKellar1 kmckellar@deseretnews.com Add a comment Like that? Read this. Utah 9 hours ago Teenage amputee finds healing, inspiration at sports camp Sponsored by Utah Association of Realtors 5 pitfalls to avoid when buying a condo or townhouse Utah 9 hours ago Women paragliders from around the U.S. rally in Draper for record attempt Podcasts The Deseret News Silicon Slopes Hour An in-depth look inside Utah's growing startup and tech community. Rise & Shout The best in conversation about BYU sports. Fan talk, analysis and complete nonsense. BLEEP: The Podcast A celebration and discussion of all things geek. All awesome, all clean. The PopuList 1 Quiz: Are you more Salt Lake or Utah County? 2 9 Utah chocolate makers talk about their craft 3 Top Utah attractions for your perfect summer 'Staycation' 4 Police arrest man suspected of using hatchet in robbery 5 Book review: 'The Hundredth Queen' immerses readers in fantasy world and intrigue View all for Utah most Commented 47 Report: 23M more to be uninsured, $834B in Medicaid spending to be slashed under AHCA 36 LDS Church updates condition of President Thomas S. Monson 29 Intermountain Power Project will shutter coal-fired power plant near Delta 28 New GOP chairman will 'stay the course' on SB54 lawsuit while working toward new compromise 24 The new asylums: How Utah traps the mentally ill behind bars 23 Outdoor Retailer takes show to Denver 18 Conservationist buys Needles Outpost in Bears Ears for $2.5 million 17 Sen. Mike Lee, others introduce bill to prevent indefinite detention Sunday, May, 28, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2904 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: Smith & Wesson’s M&P M2.0 Pistol 4:03 PM 05/24/2017 Why She’ll Want A Smith & Wesson M&P M2.0 4:45 PM 05/23/2017 Sheriff Jim Wilson: Understanding The Flash Sight Picture 4:14 PM 05/18/2017 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Pistol 4:41 PM 05/17/2017 Everything You Need To Know For Handgun Shooting 11:37 AM 05/16/2017 U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix DFW CW33 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW33 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Eye Opener HomeBless Life CW Community Watch CW33 Contact Weather 83° 83° Low 73° High 89° Sun 70° 83° Mon 68° 88° Tue 69° 87° See complete forecast Severe weather alert ‘Black b*tch’: North Texas police chief under investigation after controversial arrest Posted 6:57 pm, May 26, 2017, by Rachael Sneed Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email COMMERCE, TX – The winner of Miss Black Texas 2016 says she was harassed, unlawfully arrested, and detained by a North Texas police chief. If that’s not bad enough, she also says he called her a “black b*tch.” Carmen Ponder, a recent graduate of Texas A&M University, tweeted she experienced “road rage” from the police chief of Commerce, Kerry Crews, on Tuesday. Police brutality and Abuse of Power from a Police Chief. Let me talk to my lawyer and I'll fill y'all in #blacklivesmatter — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 22, 2017 According to Ponder, she was on her way to Walmart when she encountered a black truck driving erratically in front of her. She says she decided to pass the vehicle to avoid potential danger because she believed the driver to be drunk. She realized the vehicle had followed her after parking her car outside of Walmart. Crews, who allegedly identified himself as police, yelled at her for passing his 14-year-old daughter who was learning how to drive at the time. Ponder reminded Crews that it’s illegal for a 14-year-old to drive, leading Crews to allegedly call Ponder a “black b*tch.” After the confrontation, Ponder entered Walmart, purchased her items, and headed back to her vehicle when Crews, his daughter, and another man confronted her. According to Ponder, the man informed her that Crews was a police chief and suggested that she apologize to him. Ponder refused and called the police. When police arrived on the scene, the man who approached Ponder allegedly told them that she was resisting arrest and instructed police to arrest her. Ponder was arrested and detained for 24 hours. She was charged with evading arrest. She posted her encounter on Twitter: @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Ponder is calling for her charges to be dropped, Crews to be fired, and disciplinary action for other involved officers. Commerce police released a statement on Thursday, claiming Ponder’s statements do not match  Crews’. It seems we have a classic “he said, she said” situation on our hands. Related stories A white cop is suing for racial discrimination, after he found out he’s part African Sandra Bland Act gets approved version from Texas Senate ‘Time for a tree and a rope’: Texas judge must undergo sensitivity training after Facebook comment Filed in: NewsFix Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Download the CW33 News App! Get your fix! Download the CW33 NewsFix App for iOS and Android! Popular Thinking about going to the Texas beach this weekend? There’s poo in them waters ‘Reality Steve’: The man behind the ‘The Bachelor’ & ‘The Bachelorette’ spoilers HomeBless Life: Pops went viral, but what’s next? University Park janitor gifted $53K for new home Latest News 10-year-old Kheris goes from bullied to #FlexinInMyComplexion Mark O’Mara bringing attention to Jacqueline Craig case Hitting the lake for Memorial Day? Don’t forget these water rules How to play with gargantuan machinery in North Texas National/World News Woman charged after listing boy, 14, as father of her unborn child Eye Opener 2 boys rescue 4-year-old girl with autism from Texas creek National/World News Mother abandons 2-year-old in busy grocery store NewsFix Denison teen lied about black men kidnapping, gang raping her National/World News 11-year-old girl revived with Narcan after heroin overdose, police say NewsFix Zuzu Verk’s boyfriend arrested after shallow grave found NewsFix Search for Cleveland suspect in Facebook murder video expands to 5 states National/World News ‘I don’t want to go to jail, mommy’: 8-year-old found steering car for drunk mom, police say Eye Opener Fort Worth girl killed in hit & run, search for second car continues Eye Opener Dallas woman killed in hit and run NewsFix Missing Irving mother found safe in South Texas National/World News Girl dives from truck after being kidnapped, sexually assaulted and injected with meth National/World News Mom accused of beating 71-year-old with own cane for suggesting son needs manners Mobile Apps CW33 Weather App for iPhone CW33 Weather App for iPad CW33 Weather App for Android NewsFix DFW App for iPhone NewsFix DFW App for Android Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 8001 John W. Carpenter Freeway Dallas, Texas 75247 • Copyright © 2017, KDAF • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 76° Full Menu 76° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:19 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.28 Pause 0:44 Myrtle Beach officials work deadly scene in Myrtle Beach 0:26 Musicians jam during Atlantic Beach Bikefest 1:03 Party gets started at Atlantic Beach 2:00 Time-lapse shows Ocean Boulevard action from dusk to dark 0:27 Lt. Joey Crosby says one is dead in Saturday wreck 2:10 NAACP offers new traffic plan for Bikefest; city sees too many issues with plan 1:07 NAACP leaders discuss "Operation Bike Week Justice" 0:10 Officials work deadly wreck in Myrtle Beach 0:13 Officials work scene at 10th Avenue South, Kings Highway Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Traffic could barely move on Kings Highway as locals and tourists were aggravated with the traffic patterns and the loop created for Memorial Weekend Bikefest on Saturday. Janet Blackmon Morgan jblackmon@thesunnews.com Traffic could barely move on Kings Highway as locals and tourists were aggravated with the traffic patterns and the loop created for Memorial Weekend Bikefest on Saturday. Janet Blackmon Morgan jblackmon@thesunnews.com Local May 27, 2017 11:23 PM Side streets take drivers nowhere on Kings Highway, Ocean Boulevard By Emily Weaver eweaver@thesunnews.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Traffic was jamming on South Kings Highway on Saturday with passengers of cars, souped-up mo-peds and tricked-out motorcycles dancing to tunes as they crept northward at a snail’s pace. It took Cindy Goodwin’s neighbor an hour and 17 minutes to make a two-block trek to Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market at 17th Avenue South and Kings Highway, Goodwin said outside her 15th Avenue apartment. Goodwin made the same journey in 30 minutes, she said, but only because she avoided Kings Highway by navigating alleyways and parking lots. “I’ve never seen it like this — ever,” Goodwin said. “And it’s going to be like this until Monday!” The heavy traffic congestion on the northbound lanes of South Kings Highway was compounded by the one-way only traffic on Ocean Boulevard and the closure of most side streets leading to it along with a barricaded Yaupon Avenue. Bikers and motorists in attempts to escape the slow-to-no-go traffic on Kings Highway ventured down the side streets anyway, only to be turned around. “All these cars and motorcycles will come zipping down here, thinking they’re going to get on Ocean Boulevard, they get to that little hill right there and they all turn around,” Goodwin said. The southbound-only traffic on the boulevard and the metal barricades, blocking street accesses, were up Friday and will remain up through Monday, adding to congestion through the weekend. “People that have brought their families down here for vacation, Memorial holiday, they’ll never come back,” Goodwin said. Tru Legendz, a club of bikers out of Fayetteville, N.C., rolled into a parking garage of a south-end hotel around 7 p.m., gearing up for a night of vacation fun. But the roadway congestion and the nightly 23-mile traffic loop puts a damper on the good times, they said. “The loop is kind of killing the fun for us,” said Kenneth Maxson, who’s been making the annual trek to Myrtle Beach with the 4-year-old club for two years now. “I understand they’re trying to control the traffic and make sure the locals are not stuck out in traffic and everything, but for us, if we get caught in the loop and we’re trying to get back here, it takes anywhere from three to four hours just to get back here because there’s so much traffic and so much congestion.” And stalled traffic is bad news for a motorcycle’s engine. “It’s not good for the bikes because the engines start running hot. If you let it run too hot, it will blow your engine,” Maxson said. “So what we usually do, once we hear our fans kick on, we’ll just cut the whole bike off and then we have to walk it down whatever road we’re on … until it cools down or until it opens up fast enough for us to get air to the engine.” Maxson says his club does a lot of community service projects and that Tru Legendz comes to Myrtle Beach to have a good time and mingle with other bikers. They don’t come to cause drama, he said. “I know some people come out here and cause trouble, but I think the people that’s coming out here to have a good time, we shouldn’t be punished for the troublemakers,” Maxson said. “It feels like that’s what they’re doing. They’re punishing everybody for the actions of a few.” Traffic-inspired headaches exist for visitors and residents alike. But some passengers made the most of it, jamming on tunes in the traffic jam, hours before the loop would bring more delays. Kings Highway is at a standstill in Myrtle Beach for the annual Memorial Day Bikefest on Saturday. Janet Blackmon Morgan jblackmon@thesunnews.com Kings Highway is at a standstill in Myrtle Beach for the annual Memorial Day Bikefest on Saturday. Janet Blackmon Morgan jblackmon@thesunnews.com Folks fill empty parking lots for a break from the Kings Highway traffic in Myrtle Beach for the annual Memorial Day Bikefest on Saturday. Janet Blackmon Morgan jblackmon@thesunnews.com 1 of 3 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:19 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.28 Pause 0:44 Myrtle Beach officials work deadly scene in Myrtle Beach 0:26 Musicians jam during Atlantic Beach Bikefest 1:03 Party gets started at Atlantic Beach 2:00 Time-lapse shows Ocean Boulevard action from dusk to dark 0:27 Lt. Joey Crosby says one is dead in Saturday wreck 2:10 NAACP offers new traffic plan for Bikefest; city sees too many issues with plan 1:07 NAACP leaders discuss "Operation Bike Week Justice" 0:10 Officials work deadly wreck in Myrtle Beach 0:13 Officials work scene at 10th Avenue South, Kings Highway Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.28 1:19 3 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.28 0:26 9 hours ago Musicians jam during Atlantic Beach Bikefest 1:12 a day ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.27 View More Video Local Fatal accidents, violence mark beginning of Memorial Day weekend. Now, bikefest gears up. Myrtle Beach weather forecast for May 28 All about that bass? Area bars changing tune to accommodate Bikefest visitors Maybe you’ve heard him play, but who exactly is the guitar guy at the SkyWheel? Hartsville duo’s upstart group promoting fun without violence at Bikefest Local Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:00 GMT, May 28, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica Woman locked kids in car trunk and went shopping – police Published time: 28 May, 2017 03:12 Get short URL © Robyn Beck / AFP A woman in Utah has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse after witnesses reported to police that she locked her two kids in her car’s trunk at a Walmart parking lot and went shopping. Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was arrested Thursday evening in a suspected case of child abuse, AP reports citing the Riverdale Police Department. Eyewitnesses told officers that the woman locked her two children – aged 2 and 5 – in the trunk of her car before going to the local Walmart to shop. They heard the kids scratching and making other noises inside the car and guided them to reach for an emergency latch to free themselves. Police: Utah woman locked her kids in trunk while she shopped https://t.co/c3hKBRu7M4— Supra1BqTeam (@supra1Bqteam) May 27, 2017 The police were called to the scene and arrested the careless woman on her return to the parking lot. She remains in custody while her children have been taken away by social workers and handed over to a responsible party. The reasons behind the woman’s actions remained unknown. READ MORE: Baby rescued from boiling hot car as mother auditions at strip club The bizarre incident with a fortunate ending, stands out among many similar cases where parents often “forget” their children and lock them inside their cars, but rarely deliberately put them in the trunk. READ MORE: Israeli baby dies after mother drives her to daycare but forgets her in hot car Besides being a criminal offense in some states, locking children in cars is potentially fatal as they can suffocate or die of heat stroke if the vehicle is left in the sun. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWMemorial Day Sale Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Police: Utah woman locked kids in trunk while shopping A 39-year-old Utah woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car’s trunk Post to Facebook Police: Utah woman locked kids in trunk while shopping A 39-year-old Utah woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car’s trunk  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2rakICL {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Police: Utah woman locked kids in trunk while shopping Associated Press 6:26 p.m. ET May 27, 2017 This Thursday, May 25, 2017 booking photo released by the Weber County Sheriff's Office shows Tori Lee Castillo, 39. The Utah woman was arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car's trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. (Photo: Uncredited / AP) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Riverdale, Utah — A 39-year-old Utah woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car’s trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Riverdale police say witnesses heard the children ages 2 and 5 making noise and saw the car shaking, got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called 911. Tori Lee Castillo remains jailed on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday evening when she returned to the car. Police Lt. Casey Warren says the state child welfare was contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2rakICL TOP VIDEOS Artist Louise "Ouizi" Jones 3:25 Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38 Spirit airlines unveils new maintenance hangar at DTW 1:24 Race car drivers Fittipaldi and Barbosa on Detroit 1:48 Animation: Future sculpture outside Little Caesars Arena 0:30 MoGo Launches bike share program in Midtown, Detroit 0:57 Little Caesars world headquarters hosts 'topping out' ceremony 1:33 Surveillance video of homicide suspects 0:21 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Boxing WWE Formula 1 Cricket Lions 2017 Rugby League Other Sports UFC Golf Tennis Athletics NFLExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Loans Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited Home News UK News Child abuse News Mum arrested after 'locking her two children in the boot of car' as she went shopping Onlookers saw the children trying to shake the car from the boot  Share  Comments ByHelen Whitehouse 22:45, 27 MAY 2017 News Tori-Lee Castillo allegedly locked her two children in the boot  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A woman has been accused of child abuse after leaving two young children in a locked car boot. Tori Castillo, 39, allegedly locked two children, aged two and five, in the boot of her car while she visited a Walmart. A witness told officers the children began "moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake" before "several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children". One of the witnesses told the five-year-old to pull the emergency latch on the inside of the vehicle to release the door and the children were then freed from the vehicle, reports Gephardt Daily. Read More Popular schoolboy who died after cliff fall sent 'goodbye' message to friends moments before he plunged over edge The children were spotted outside Walmart in Riverdale, US Police then contacted Child and Family services and the children were put in the care of a responsible person. When Castillo, from Riverdale, Utah, US, returned to her vehicle she was interviewed by police and booked into Weber County Jail for investigation of child abuse. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @DailyMirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Hospitals Child abuse Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. News all Most Read Most Recent Donald TrumpDonald Trump 'caught pretending to listen' at G7 summit - after crucial mistake 'gives him away' The White House has defended the video and offered an explanation, but people still aren't buying it Manchester Arena explosionHaunting final image of killer Salman Abedi with his hand on trigger of bomb moments before massacre The demeanour of the suicide bomber who killed 22 appears 'calm', apparently giving no hint of his murderous intent that was to about to follow at the Ariana Grande concert Camilla, Duchess of CornwallCamilla speaks for first time about marrying into Royal Family and admits: "I never think about becoming Queen" She makes the admission in an interview ahead of her 70th birthday in July – and also reveals how tough life can be as a Royal Domestic violenceMy daughter killed herself after her boyfriend's campaign of abuse - I fear other teens are being groomed too Emily Drouet, 18, was abused by Angus Milligan, who slapped her when he decided she had told a lie and encouraged her to sleep with other men RacismPortland train murder suspect identified after two Good Samaritans stabbed to death defending Muslim teen girls Ricky John Best and Taliesin Myrddin Namkai Meche had their throats cut as they intervened as Jeremy Joseph Christian hurled racist abuse UK holidaysWhat shops are open on Spring Bank Holiday Monday? 2017 opening times for M&S, Next, Boots, Debenhams and more The Bank Holiday weekend is the perfect time for a spot of splashing out - but what times will House of Fraser, John Lewis and more high street shops open and close? Manchester Arena explosion'Our daughter won't be the last to die': Manchester bombing victim's family urge government to 'open its eyes' The parents of Ariana Grande superfan Georgina Callander, 18, warned more parents will lose children to terror StrokeGirl suffered a stroke aged just 3 and doctors later discovered it was caused by chickenpox Lottie's mum Claire Marriott, 38, never thought such a common childhood disease could have devastating consequences, and is now helping to raise awareness of strokes in children DogsMeet the tiny talented dog with a Guinness world record for skipping When Rachael Grylls started training her puppy Jessica, she knew her pooch was special. Now, eight years on, she’s proof you can teach an old dog new tricks CrimeWoman stalked than beaten to death with a baseball bat by husband after she told him she wanted a divorce Katrina wanted freedom from her controlling husband, but there was no escape… Most Read Most Recent Donald TrumpDonald Trump 'caught pretending to listen' at G7 summit - after crucial mistake 'gives him away' The White House has defended the video and offered an explanation, but people still aren't buying it Manchester Arena explosionHaunting final image of killer Salman Abedi with his hand on trigger of bomb moments before massacre The demeanour of the suicide bomber who killed 22 appears 'calm', apparently giving no hint of his murderous intent that was to about to follow at the Ariana Grande concert Lionel MessiLionel Messi breaks ridiculous record with stunning goal as Barcelona beat Alaves 3-1 to win the Copa dey Rey The Argentine put in a man of the match performance as Barcelona won their third consecutive Copa del Rey Liverpool transfer newsLiverpool transfer news and rumours: Jose Mourinho wants defender deal done so Reds don't swoop PLUS: How the players cast aside by the Reds got on this season Wayne RooneyStoke plotting shock transfer swoop for Manchester United skipper Wayne Rooney using shirt sponsor's financial clout Online gambling firm founded by Potters chairman Peter Coates can easily afford the star if he can be persuaded to come UK holidaysWhat shops are open on Spring Bank Holiday Monday? 2017 opening times for M&S, Next, Boots, Debenhams and more The Bank Holiday weekend is the perfect time for a spot of splashing out - but what times will House of Fraser, John Lewis and more high street shops open and close? Manchester Arena explosion'Our daughter won't be the last to die': Manchester bombing victim's family urge government to 'open its eyes' The parents of Ariana Grande superfan Georgina Callander, 18, warned more parents will lose children to terror Half TermThings to do this May half-term - the best events and activities for kids including the bank holiday Monday From fun-filled days out at the farm to action-packed festivals and scenic railway tours, there's plenty to keep the kids occupied this half-term... Frank SkinnerFrank Skinner on toning down the naughty jokes after turning 60: 'Sex is very much in the rearview mirror - long gone!' The funny fella on the benefits of his great age, being the most hilarious person he knows, and the joys of late fatherhood SwimwearBest swimwear to suit your body shape - how to flatter your figure and balance out your proportions Here’s how to find the best bikini or cossie, if you're an hourglass, pear, apple or rectangle... Top Stories Domestic violenceMy daughter killed herself after her boyfriend's campaign of abuse - I fear other teens are being groomed too Emily Drouet, 18, face was red and raw after a vicious assault at the hands of Angus Milligan - she killed herself a short time later British AirwaysBritish Airways aims to resume most flights after IT crash but experts warn disruption could last DAYS Thousands of passengers were left stranded after scores of planes were grounded by the major systems failure believed to have been caused by a power supply issue United AirlinesScandal-hit United Airlines forced to apologise to gay dad falsely accused of molesting his own five-year-old son Henry Amador-Batten was flying home with five-year-old Benjamin when flight attendants observed his hands "near the genitals" of the boy and alerted police Manchester Arena explosion'Our daughter won't be the last to die': Manchester bombing victim's family urge government to 'open its eyes' The parents of Ariana Grande superfan Georgina Callander, 18, warned more parents will lose children to terror RacismSuspect identified after two Good Samaritans stabbed to death as they defended Muslim teen girls Ricky John Best and Taliesin Myrddin Namkai Meche had their throats cut as they intervened as Jeremy Joseph Christian hurled racist abuse Animal crueltyHorrific pictures show party-goers dancing with DEAD DOLPHIN in kitchen of student apartment It is understood a video of the dolphin has been released online Kent Police'Mass brawl' involving 50 people breaks out on BEACH as temperatures soared leaving teenage boy with 'head injury' The air ambulance helicopter landed on the sands amid the sunbathers at Margate to give emergency treatment to an injured male - as police rushed to the scene of the 'mass fight' Terror attacksManchester bomb attack may have been 'planned by Islamic State cell nearly two years ago' Salman Abedi's explosive and detonator was the same used in the Paris and Brussels bombings Camilla, Duchess of CornwallCamilla speaks for first time about marrying into Royal Family and admits: "I never think about becoming Queen" She makes the admission in an interview ahead of her 70th birthday in July – and also reveals how tough life can be as a Royal Britain's Got Talent finalsBritain’s Got Talent semi-finalists revealed - who made it through to next week's live shows? The series has been auditioning act upon act for this year’s semi-final Kell BrookKell Brook beaten by Errol Spence Jr in incredible 11th round stoppage at Bramall Lane Brook went down in the 10th and battled on but didn't get up in the 11th Child abuseMum arrested after 'locking her two children in the boot of car' as she went shopping Onlookers saw the children trying to shake the car from the boot Donald TrumpDonald Trump 'caught pretending to listen' at G7 summit - after crucial mistake 'gives him away' The White House has defended the video and offered an explanation, but people still aren't buying it Manchester Arena explosionHaunting final image of killer Salman Abedi with his hand on trigger of bomb moments before massacre The demeanour of the suicide bomber who killed 22 appears 'calm', apparently giving no hint of his murderous intent that was to about to follow at the Ariana Grande concert Domestic violenceMy daughter killed herself after her boyfriend's campaign of abuse - I fear other teens are being groomed too Emily Drouet, 18, was abused by Angus Milligan, who slapped her when he decided she had told a lie and encouraged her to sleep with other men Camilla, Duchess of CornwallCamilla speaks for first time about marrying into Royal Family and admits: "I never think about becoming Queen" She makes the admission in an interview ahead of her 70th birthday in July – and also reveals how tough life can be as a Royal RacismPortland train murder suspect identified after two Good Samaritans stabbed to death defending Muslim teen girls Ricky John Best and Taliesin Myrddin Namkai Meche had their throats cut as they intervened as Jeremy Joseph Christian hurled racist abuse British AirwaysBritish Airways faces huge compensation bill following IT crash as stranded passengers claim they've been left hours without information Domestic and international flights are both affected by the airline's IT systems going down around the world United AirlinesUnited Airlines forced to apologise to gay dad falsely accused of molesting his own son Henry Amador-Batten was flying home with five-year-old Benjamin when flight attendants observed his hands "near the genitals" of the boy and alerted police TwitterCity left baffled by mysterious "roaring" noises repeatedly heard in early hours of the morning Some residents are so concerned by the strange noises, they've contacted the police in a bid to get to the bottom of what's going on White HouseWhite House sparks homophobia row after excluding first gentleman of Luxembourg from photo caption Donald Trump's administration faced a backlash after failing to include Gauthier Destenay, married to prime minister Xavier Bettel, from its NATO spouses picture Kent Police'Mass brawl' involving 50 people breaks out on BEACH as temperatures soared leaving teenage boy with 'head injury' The air ambulance helicopter landed on the sands amid the sunbathers at Margate to give emergency treatment to an injured male - as police rushed to the scene of the 'mass fight' British AirwaysBritish Airways aims to resume most flights after IT crash but experts warn disruption could last DAYS Thousands of passengers were left stranded after scores of planes were grounded by the major systems failure believed to have been caused by a power supply issue Corrie McKeagueDelivery man 'saw missing Corrie McKeague near dogging site 66 minutes AFTER last known sighting of airman' Roy Hawes told police he saw a man matching the gunner’s description 12 miles from where he was last seen Manchester Arena explosionMother of rape victim claims cops ignored warnings over 'gang who knew Salman Abedi having links to terrorism' The suicide bomber who killed 22 people at the Ariana Grande concert on Monday was teenage pals with Bilal Ahmed who was jailed for gang raping a 16yr-old schoolgirl last year Michael FallonTory Michael Fallon slates 'Jeremy Corbyn quote' live on air - then realises they were Boris Johnson's words The Defence Secretary was left dumbfounded when presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy said to him: "Those are actually the words of Boris Johnson" Manchester Arena explosionMum caked in blood found part of Manchester Arena bomb in her shoe - now detectives checking it for clues Katherine Brierley and daughter Ilana, 11, were just feet from evil Salman Abedi as he detonated his rucksack of explosives at concert Animal crueltyHorrific pictures show party-goers dancing with DEAD DOLPHIN in kitchen of student apartment It is understood a video of the dolphin has been released online Child abuseMum arrested after 'locking her two children in the boot of car' as she went shopping Onlookers saw the children trying to shake the car from the boot CocaineWoman 'high on cocaine crashed Ferrari in Ibiza then tried to escape on Londoner boyfriend's private jet' The 25-year-old socialite reportedly fled the scene after hitting a lorry in the luxury £400,000 sports car during a night out Domestic violenceFiancee stabbed me 28 times and left me hour away from death just weeks after asking me to marry her Barman Martyn Brown was attacked by Harriet Sharp during a three-month-long campaign but 'was too ashamed to tell anyone' PoliceBritish dad arrested for 'leaving eight-year-old daughter alone in Tenerife hotel so he could go drinking' Reports say police acted after she came to reception with two suitcases saying her father had left her alone - before he turned up naked with a gash to his head News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Sunday, May 28th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: ENTER OUR ANNUAL FATHER'S DAY CONTEST OVI checkpoints Saturday in Boardman 8:47 p.m. Sat Kushner proposed back channel with Russia to... 6:04 p.m. Sat Southern rock music legend Greg Allman dies ... 3:57 p.m. Sat Zbigniew Brzezinski, national security advis... 10:33 p.m. Fri Leery of N. Korea, US plans 1st test of ICBM... 9:13 p.m. Fri Prosecutor: Charges to be filed for lead con... 9:10 p.m. Fri all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home Summary of police activity in Canfield and Austintown | Print Tweet Published: Sat, May 27, 2017 @ 5:18 p.m. A summary of police activity in the city of Canfield and Austintown Township: CANFIELD May 11 Theft: Dana Landis, 53, W. Garfield Road, Salem, was indicted for theft after a report of jewelry missing from a residence in the 100 block of Garwood Drive. Suicidal statements: Police responded to a female making suicidal statements at the Mahoning County Carrer and Technial Center, 7300 N. Palmyra Road. She was transported to the hospital involuntarily. May 15 Suicidal statements: Police responded for a male making suicidal statements at a home on E. Main St., and he was ultimately transported to the hospital involuntarily. May 16 Breaking and entering: Stephen Hogan, 47, of Marmion Avenue, Youngstown was arrested for breaking and entering and theft after a break-in at a home in the 500 block of West Main Street. Money was reported missing. May 19 Drug abuse: Rodney Smith, 29, of Trumbull Avenue, Warren was arrested for drug abuse. Drug abuse: Mark DiGiacomo, 30, of North Edgehill Avenue, Austintown, was arrested for drug abuse and possession of drug paraphernalia. AUSTINTOWN May 15 Protection order: A protection order was violated when gifts were sent at a home in the 3000 block of Ayrshire Drive. Theft: Six Ohio State pictures were taken from the men’s restroom at Brunch Bowl Cafe, 31 N. Canfield-Niles Road. Theft: A television and a PlayStation were taken from a home in the 4000 block of Woodmere Drive. Sex offense: Emily Haggerty, 18, of Risher Road, Youngstown was issued a summons for public indecency after she and a juvenile male were found undressed in varying degrees in the back seat of a vehicle at Austintown Township Park, 6000 Kirk Road. Warrant: Jason Bova, 41, of Wilson St., Struthers, was arrested on a warrant for Violation of a Protection Order. May 16 Sex offense: Kathryn Unick, 27, of Meadowbrook Ave., Youngstown was arrested for soliciting and possession of criminal tools, for advertising massage services and possession of heroin. May 17 Criminal mischief: A message was written on a vehicle at a home in the 2000 block of South Raccoon Road. May 18 Warrant: Tina Scritchfield, 59, of Meridian Road was arrested on a warrant for inducing panic at Phoenix House, 850 Meridian Road. Breaking and entering: Tools were taken after a break-in at a home in the 700 block of Notre Dame Avenue. Theft: A handicapped placard was stolen from an auto while the window was down at Walmart, 6001 Mahoning Ave. Theft: Jeffrey Anglin, 22, of Shady Court, New Middletown was arrested for theft, accused of taking $134.32 worth of rib-eye steaks at Giant Eagle, 5220 Mahoning Ave. Theft: Jeffrey Shorter, 48, of W. Delason Ave., Youngstown was arrested, accused of taking $140.64 worth of steaks; and Sylvia Rogers, 57, of Braeden St., Youngstown was arrested for theft of $100.41 in shrimp merchandise at Giant Eagle. Theft: A wallet and its contents were stolen at Walmart. Recovered property: A check was recovered at Huntmere Ave. at Rosemont Ave. Aggravated menacing: Aggravated menacing was reported on social media at a home in the 50 block of N. Roanoke Ave. May 19 Criminal mischief: Sugar in a gas tank was reported at a home in the 4000 block of New Road. Theft: Two UPS packages from Amazon.com were stolen from a home in the 30 block of South Yorkshire Boulevard. Overdose: An overdose was reported at a home in the 4000 block of Warwick South and the victim was transported to St. Elizabeth Youngstown Hospital. May 20 Drug overdose: An overdose was reported at Shekinah Trimz, 1408 S. Raccoon Road and the patient was transported to St. Elizabeth. Theft: A debit card was stolen from the ATM machine at the bank and used to spend $239.56 in unauthorized charges at Chemical Bank, 101 S. Canfield-Niles Road. The owner was a woman from Griffith St., Youngstown. Theft: Earrings were reported stolen at Pilot Oil, 1150 N. Canfield-Niles Road. Warrant: Salvatore Mineo, 59, of New Road, was arrested on a warrant for criminal damaging or endangering. Drug offense: Milford Sponaugle, 56, of Mahoning Ave., was arrested for possession of crack cocaine and drug paraphernalia. Drug offense: Brandon Zikeli, 32, of Compass West was issued a summons for possession of drug paraphernalia and turned over to Youngstown for a warrant for failure to comply on a theft charge. May 21 Weapons offense: Eric Smith, 31, of West Hylda Avenue, Youngstown was arrested for improper handling of a firearm. Felonious assault: A house was shot up at a home in the 200 block of North Edgehill Avenue. Other stories of interest Austintown man leads police on 13-mile chase Warren Township man being held on $2 million bond in October shooting death Man has valid gun permit, but gun he had reported stolen Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN CBS/AP May 27, 2017, 6:00 PM Mom locked kids in trunk while she shopped at Wal-Mart, police say Tori Lee Castillo Weber County Jail/AP Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email RIVERDALE, Utah -- A 39-year-old Utah woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car's trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Riverdale police say witnesses heard the children ages 2 and 5 making noise and saw the car shaking, got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called 911. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children," Police Lt. Casey Warren told Deseret News in Utah. Why hot cars are so hazardous for kids Mom accused of leaving son alone in car overnight during snowstorm Tori Lee Castillo remains jailed on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday evening when she returned to the car. Warren says the state child welfare was contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party.  © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in U.S. What the last Nuremberg prosecutor alive wants the world to know At 97, Ben Ferencz is the last Nuremberg prosecutor alive and he has a far-reaching message for today’s world Creighton killings: Was revenge the motive behind Omaha stabbing deaths? Two double murders five years apart in quiet Omaha neighborhoods -- the trail would lead police to a local hospital and an unlikely suspect Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Preview: A Survivor's March Space Archaeology Snitches Operation Car Wash Enemy of the State Play Video Trump returns home Play Video Student debt tips Play Video Kusher and Russia relations Play Video Manchester arrests Play Video Portland stabbing Play Video Blue lives matter Previous Next 67 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 66 Photos JFK at 100 71 Photos Cannes Film Festival 2017 28 Photos Stunning views of Jupiter 29 Photos "Star Wars" turns 40 Previous Next Most Discussed Former CIA chief says there were contacts between Russia and Trump aides Trump says, "I never mentioned the word or name Israel" to Russians Gianforte wins Montana's House seat, apologizes to reporter UK police: 22 confirmed dead after terror incident at Ariana Grande concert Jared Kushner is under scrutiny in FBI Russia probe New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Woman `locked her children in car boot´ while she shopped By Press Association Published: 16:33 EDT, 27 May 2017 | Updated: 16:33 EDT, 27 May 2017 e-mail A woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in the boot of her car while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Police in Riverdale, Utah, in the US, say witnesses heard the children, aged two and five, making a noise and saw the car shaking. They got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called for help. Tori Lee Castillo was arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in the boot of her car while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop (Uncredited/AP/Press A) Tori Lee Castillo, 39, is in custody on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday when she returned to the car. Police said welfare services were contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Busty Katy Perry, 32, flashes her pants in a low-cut silver dress for energetic show at Radio 1 Big Weekend... after admitting sex is 'amazing' in her thirties The Happiest (birthday) Place on Earth! Angelina Jolie takes her children and some pals to Disneyland to celebrate Shiloh turning 11  Hands full PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kimberley Garner shows off her incredible physique in a bevy of eye-popping bikinis during sizzling Cannes photoshoot Lady number Phwoar! 'Sex addict' Scott Disick leans in for a kiss with bikini-clad UK model as he enjoys FIFTH day of Cannes pool fun... hot on the heels of visits from Bella Thorne, Ella Ross and Chloe Bartoli PDA in the park! Kate Hudson's new beau Danny Fujikawa can't keep his hands off her as they take her son Bingham to the playground The kiss that says it's OK: Tearful Kieran Hayler is supported by wife Katie Price as he FINALLY breaks silence on 'untreatable' sex addiction that led to cheating scandal A mother's love knows no limits! Tamara Ecclestone reveals she has spent just SIX MINUTES away from her daughter in three years  Bombshell in black! Gal Gadot smolders in plunging gown at Mexico City premiere of Wonder Woman Showstopper SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Whitney sobs as she is confronted by enraged Shirley... following SHOCK kiss with father-in-law Mick Carter  'We just make it work': Mark Wright reveals he only sees wife Michelle ONCE a month... after branding her the 'most incredible woman' Heaven on earth! Romee Strijd cozies up to beau Laurens Van Leeuwen while stepping out in New York City Wrapped her arms around him 'The robot?! YOU KIDDING ME': Britain's Got Talent fans shocked by the choices of acts for the semi-finals... as it's revealed the judges will no longer have a say in a new twist Britain's Got Talent is praised by viewers as it pays touching tribute to victims of Manchester terror attack Emotional moment Bikini-clad Jessica Wright shows off stunning curves in sexy purple two-piece during Ibiza break... after admitting she's beat her insecurities 'Very special boy': Peter Andre wishes Harvey Price a happy 15th birthday... eight months after ex-wife Katie claims he 'no longer sees' her eldest son 'Lil bump is growing fast!' Pregnant Ferne McCann bares a hint of rounded tum in TINY crop top... yet admits her changing body means she will soon ditch sexy outfits 'It WILL cause permanent, dangerous damage': 'Frazzled' Gemma Collins is accused of being a bad role model as she appears extremely sunburnt in holiday snap Paris Jackson shows off her casual style at the gas station... after being mistaken for a homeless person  Artfully ripped jeans and  distressed Converse Cheeky! Single lady Olivia Munn shares flirty flash of her bikini-clad bottom with Instagram... just a month after splitting from Aaron Rodgers She's so fly! Lily Collins looks stylish in sophisticated trench coat and large sunglasses as she jets into LA Stylish as ever Taking a breather! Megan Fox shows off svelte physique in leggings after taking yoga class Time for herself Bestie day ever! Hilary Swank and Mariska Hargitay jump for joy at a party in the Hamptons Buddies Han no go! Harrison Ford, 74, is forced to abort takeoff TWICE from Santa Monica airport in his private jet, just months after his near-miss on the runway Has Nate popped the question?! Pregnant Danielle Bux sports eye-popping diamond on ring finger as she shows off her burgeoning bump and expectant mother glow in LA 'When the hair is perfect, you don't need clothes': Jodie Marsh flaunts her ample cleavage as she celebrates her new 'mermaid' hairdo with topless snaps Bikini-clad Storm Keating shows off her incredible post-baby body just ONE MONTH after giving birth... as she posts sweet snap of son Cooper  'I've tried... words are impossible': Cher leads tributes to ex-husband Gregg Allman after legendary father of Southern rock passes away at home aged 69 following cancer battle ROYAL EXCLUSIVE: Camilla opens up as never before - in her own words - on the pressure of public life, her early negative press, the loss of her brother and her down-to-earth style  'It is magic having a loving sister': Dannii Minogue shares a touching tribute to Kylie on her 49th birthday Strong bond Family time! Hilary Duff flashes toned tum in ripped jeans as she enjoys outing with son Luca  Fit look Making a splash! Bikini besties Vanessa Hudgens and Ashley Tisdale host twerk-a-thon as they rock sexy leopard print swimsuits Scorned Bella Thorne, 19, 'feels humiliated and used by Scott Disick, 34'... after reality star is pictured with several bikini-clad beauties in Cannes End of an era! Ben Affleck's belongings removed from home he once shared with Jennifer Garner The 'Celebpocalypse' moving company 'This is a new level of trolling': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde reveals she's been body shamed as cruel sceptics claim her baby bump is 'too small' Katie Price's coiffed appearance is ruined during hair-raising rollercoaster ride with son Harvey... while ringing in his 15th birthday at theme park Ben Stiller pictured enjoying a pizza on solo Italian vacation... days before announcing split from wife of 17 years Christine Taylor Sophie Turner flaunts her enviably long legs in denim hotpants as she cosies up to boyfriend Joe Jonas They've been dating for a blissful six months.  'Death is final. There is no rejection': Anthea Turner insists DYING is easier than divorce as she regails turmoil of split from love rat Grant Bovey She slays! Blac Chyna yields knife while showing off curvy chest and new blonde tresses in vampy Instagram Fierce Trinny Woodall cuts a chic figure in a cream summer dress as she puffs on a cigarette during lunch date with Charles Saatchi Effortless chic Forget something Kylie? Jenner rocks a fur jacket and very little else in sultry Instagram shots All fur coat, no knickers Mimi's new move! Mariah Carey 'to start beauty company alongside manager Stella Bulochnikov' Bella Thorne heads to breakfast in LA with her sister... after Scott Disick flirtation left teen 'feeling used' 'Humiliated' by flirtation Where there's a Will! Paris Hilton and boyfriend Chris Zylka get photobombed by Smith while posing for pictures in Cannes Here comes trouble! Danniella Westbrook, 43, flaunts her abs in a pink frilly bikini as she joins forces with unlikely new gal pal Lisa Appleton, 49, on Benidorm beach break Khloe Kardashian shows off her curvy rear as she jets to join Tristan Thompson for the holiday weekend Joining the LA exodus 'I give my heart and soul!' Selena Gomez opens up about romance with The Weeknd Trying to get someone's attention? Shane Warne posts another late night shirtless selfie... after getting flirty with an ex-Bachelor star on Instagram Birthday blues? Judy Finnigan, 69, fails to raise a smile as she celebrates turning a year older with her husband Richard Madeley, 61, in London Expert gardener and TV presenter Alan Titchmarsh reveals the secret of his success is down to being 'a big softie'  World travellers! Kirsten Dunst and fiance Jesse Plemons beam during romantic stroll in Italy Kate Upton sets pulses racing as she puts on a leggy display in a tiny yellow mini skirt at the Monaco Grand Prix All smiles Coming in hot! Anna Faris comically struggles to deliver a stack of pizzas on the set of the Overboard remake   Needs a helping hand Showing her support! Vanessa Williams rehearses ahead of the National Memorial Day Concert in Washington, D.C. 'Worst timing ever': Wonder Woman Gal Gadot reveals she threw her back out...right before the film's big Hollywood premiere Smoking hot! Bikini-clad Lottie Moss flashes her incredible frame through skimpy black two piece as she puffs on a cigarette poolside in Marbella Albert & Vicphwoaria! ITV drama is to explore the raunchier side of a sex-obsessed queen best remembered for having a prudish, portly matron figure  'She turned bright red and left': Liam Payne reveals the first time Cheryl heard he fancied her... as he tips their baby Bear as a future basketball star Victoria's Secret stunner Candice Swanepoel shows off her ample assets in a push-up bra before posing with her baby son Anacã Victoria Silvstedt, 42, shows off her sensational figure in a skimpy bandeau bikini as she enjoys a dip in Cannes  Is there anything he can't do? Chris Hemsworth shows off his culinary skills at a Swiss Cheese Fondue cook-off at Monaco Grand Prix boat party Just the tattoo of us! Charlotte Crosby flaunts newly trim figure as she is reunited with lover Stephen Bear after losing 7 pounds at fitness boot camp Beach babe! Victoria's Secret model Lais Ribeiro sends temperatures soaring in barely-there bikini as she takes Miami by storm So in love! Lisa Vanderpump, 57, keeps it casual in T-shirt as she goes on lunch date with husband Ken Todd Ashley James shares cheeky nude snap after revealing airline lost her luggage... before flaunting her incredible figure in a tiny bikini  Showing off her Jagger swagger! Jade rocks cute polka dot dress and enjoys a cheeky cigarette as she brunches in the London sunshine with pal Making a splash! Tallia Storm flaunts her incredible figure in a high waisted bikini as she frolicks on Ibiza beach Bouncing back A classic beauty! Singer Camilla Kerslake stuns on Nikki beach in a plunging floral swimsuit as she continues her Cannes adventure Shock split: Ben Stiller and Christine Taylor end marriage after 18 years together The split was reported on Friday, with the pair announcing the news in a joint statement. Queen Letizia of Spain looks smart in a black and white floral gown as she joins husband King Felipe at annual Armed Forces Day military parade Leggy Chloe Goodman shows off her peachy posterior in a skimpy swimsuit as she frolics with a water gun by the poolside in Marbella 'Never let one person get in the way of your love for music': Lorde and Emeli Sande break down in tears as they dedicate performances to Manchester terror victims at Radio 1's Big Weekend Women are only as old as the men that we feel! NANCY DELL'OLIO on why she's ditched ex-England boss Sven, 69, and theatre director Trevor Nunn, 77, for a 32-year-old Italian stallion  So long, city! Sarah Jessica Parker dresses down as she heads to the Hamptons for the holiday weekend Style icon 'You're missing the signs': Elizabeth Olsen and Jeremy Renner trade gunfire in first Wind River trailer Dark clip The bad news: You won't see Poldark like this again. The good... his 3 hot new co-stars will ALL go topless!  Roger darling, no one did it better than you: BRITT EKLAND and seven other Bond girls share their intimate and mischievous memories of the spy who loved them  Too busy with life to exercise? You're not alone! Samantha Cameron, Mel C and Jenni Falconer reveal how they fit a workout around their jobs and the never-ending demands of family life  'Au revoir!' Kourtney Kardashian says farewell to France as she perches on the edge of her yacht Living it up A-Rod signs with ABC: Drug cheat baseball star will appear on GMA, World News Tonight and Nightline amid burgeoning relationship with JLo  'First stop, batting practice!' Neil Patrick Harris takes son Gideon to his first baseball game at Yankee stadium Rite of passage Super mom! Charlize Theron treats her son and daughter to a roller coaster outing at the Santa Monica Pier Down time Heidi Klum flaunts her enviably tanned and toned legs in a dazzling black dress at signing for her new risque coffee-table book Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy shows off the results of her Brazilian Butt Lift in sheer silver playsuit as she steps out in Amsterdam EXCLUSIVE 'I'm in a happy, great relationship!' Busty Michelle Mone gushes over billionaire beau Douglas Barrowman as they put on glamous display at Cheshire club launch Pregnant Bar Refaeli continues to showcase her beautiful blossoming baby bump in a sweet bikini snap as she stands in between two marble sculptures Bikini-clad Elizabeth-Jayne Tierney flashes a hint of under-boob while flaunting her killer frame in Ibiza... as she parties with Ex On The Beach star Becca Edwards . 'I'm bracing myself for outrage': Eleanor Tomlinson hints her character Demelza will CHEAT on Poldark in the show's steamy third season 'I've been out f****d!': Gordon Ramsay battles Hollywood favourite Kevin Spacey in hilarious swear off during new teaser for The F Word 'Straight up disrespectful!' Deaf DWTS winner Nyle DiMarco slams Jamie Foxx and Jimmy Fallon for making fun of sign language  Busty Danielle Armstrong teases a look at her ample assets as she flaunts her slender frame in a fun-loving Moschino swimsuit for Ibiza break SPOILER ALERT: 'I can't believe what I just saw!': David Walliams drops his trousers in horrified Simon Cowell's face on Britain's Got Talent Shake it out! Bethenny Frankel shows off her Skinny Girl body and some serious underboob as she dances into Memorial Day weekend in a bikini Glamour puss! Zara Larsson dazzles in thigh-skimming hot pants and an embellished cat printed denim jacket... as she takes to the stage for Radio 1's Big Weekend 'Not tanning!' Elle Fanning shows off her perfectly porcelain skin as she poses in a vintage bikini Jessica Chastain offers a glimpse of her hourglass curves and slender waist in plunging nude dress as she enjoys her final days in Cannes The cruise that hits a high note: Singer Katherine Jenkins will serenade passengers under the stars next year Part of the family! Sandra Bullock's boyfriend Bryan Randall dotes on her two children on day out at the pier Another one!? 'Sex addict' Scott Disick parties with ex Ella Ross AND bikini-clad UK blogger... just days after racy pool parties with  Bella Thorne and then Chloe Bartoli Ariana Grande will headline star-studded fundraising concert in Manchester a week on Sunday and is persuading her friends to play Millie Mackintosh flaunts her toned abs and enviable physique in a tiny bikini as she sizzles poolside in Cannes Recovery day 'I am hoping that there will be more strong female figures': Gal Gadot took Wonder Woman role to empower her two young daughters Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her trademark pout and blossoming bump in chic black jumper dress as she she enjoys dinner in Malibu with pals Down-to-earth Ed Sheeran parties with fans in Brazil.... after revealing beefed-up security for his 2018 tour in the wake of Manchester concert tragedy Arsenal fan Mick Jagger watches his team lift the FA Cup trophy as losing Chelsea stars are slammed for FORGETTING to put on black armbands 'I'll cherish every moment we had together': Barbra Streisand's mourns the loss of her beloved 14-year-old dog Samantha Rock royalty says goodbye to Chris Cornell: Stars join Brad Pitt and Hollywood A-list at Soundgarden singer's funeral a week after he walked off stage and hanged himself Fancy seeing you here! Justin Bieber bumps into Patrick Schwarzenegger and Abby Champion in New York Vogue Williams flaunts her long legs in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends star-studded event in Marbella Can this 8-year-old cutie save Cowell's vanishing luck? It'll take a truly great trick to restore the magic touch he's lost with a parade of humiliating pop flops Angelina Jolie celebrates Shiloh's 11th birthday at Disneyland... as Brad Pitt attends Chris Cornell's funeral VIP treatment with her own plaid-clad guide Missing Strictly, Alesha? Ms. Dixon re-lives her ballroom days as she leads Amanda Holden and Britain's Got Talent team in a bit of Dirty Dancing All that glitters! Jessica Chastain oozes understated elegance as she shows off her hourglass figure in sequin-encrusted gown for Cannes premiere Lady Victoria Hervey looks uncharacteristically demure in chic nude shift dress as she fondly greets Prince of Monaco at fashion bash It's finally family time! Hugh Jackman goes running with wife Deborra-Lee Furness, daughter Ava and their two dogs  In the city of love: Age-defying Heidi Klum, 43, shows off her natural beauty as she goes make-up free for trip to Paris with handsome beau Vito Schnabel, 30 Hollyoaks beauty Nikki Sanderson puts on a stylish display in skin-tight denim dress as she enjoys date night with boyfriend Greg Whitehurst Spencer Matthews rocks a funky fedora for casual Mayfair night out with a pal... after his best man duties at brother James' wedding to Pippa Middleton Home again! Kourtney Kardashian and Kendall Jenner look subdued as they arrive in LA after frolicking in Cannes Starting another Kat(ona) fight! Grimacing Kerry cheekily pretends to strangle former foe Katie Price at charity soccer match... a DECADE after famous feud kicked off Juliette Lewis, 43, flashes a hint of sideboob as she goes braless in low-cut jacket and baggy trousers at party in Madrid To Kill A Mockingbird author Harper Lee 'set fire to second secret novel during a drunken night in New York' Lee, who died last year, is said to have written another secret novel. Now it's the veggie bikers: Britain's bestselling cookery duo reveal why they have ditched the steaks and bacon to create meat-free recipes  'OMG this is crazy!': Coronation Street fans go into meltdown as Ken Barlow's attempted murderer is revealed to be his SON Daniel Osbourne Pamela Anderson puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging gown at Formula 1's Amber Lounge Fashion show in Monaco... and displays her incredibly youthful complexion PICTURED: The lavish $35million clifftop mansion Kylie Jenner, 19, is renting in Beverly Hills while renovating her own home Eva Green cuts a sultry figure in a chic bandeau jumpsuit and scarlet red lipstick... as she puckers up for Roman Polanski's wife GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Cara Delevingne's security appear to shuffle people out of the way so the supermodel can see the ocean GIRL ABOUT TOWN:  The ultimate odd couple? Former President George W Bush and Bono hang out in Texas GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Victoria Beckham and Naomi Campbell put claws away after 4-year catfight  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex pest? I was just dad dancing, insists Pippa's colourful uncle  Gary Goldsmith last night hit back at claims that he behaved like a sex pest 'I don't crave it': Kieran Hayler no longer wants to bed 'guardian angel' wife Katie Price after sex addiction therapy... but insists he'll NEVER be cured as he breaks silence on cheating 'What have you done to yourself?': Katie Price is urged to 'leave her face alone' by fans as she shocks with latest selfie Far cry from her former self. Shirtless Jake Wood shows off his skills on the pitch at charity football match... as it's revealed his EastEnders revenge storyline will run for THREE years Meeting her fans! Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown sports playful top as she headlines day one of Argentina's Comic Con Made In Marbella! Lottie looks smoking hot in busty off-the-shoulder top on night out in Spain... after sneaking off for a cigarette Paying his respects: Brad Pitt looks pensive as he leaves friend Chris Cornell's wake Friends and family of Chris Cornell gathered to celebrate his memory  Heavily pregnant Binky Felstead proudly shows off her baby bump on babymoon with boyfriend JP... after announcing their spin-off reality show Kylie Jenner flashes her tiny waist as she poses for sultry snaps with sister Khloe for the Koko lip collection Fiery orange lips 'I'm bracing myself for outrage': Eleanor Tomlinson hints her character Demelza will CHEAT on Poldark in the show's steamy third season Newly-single Leonardo DiCaprio parties the night away with Naomi Campbell... after an evening of mingling with the world's top models Make-up free Holly Willoughby shows off her legs in a simple sundress as she enjoys a day off with her children... after joking about her noisy brood Howe do I look? Playboy model Carla flaunts her very peachy posterior in a form-fitting tracksuit in selfie session Countdown! Pregnant Beyonce puts her baby belly on display in thigh-skimming mini-dress... as mom Tina says she's 'ready to see her babies' All-star dad! Jamie Foxx dons stylish letterman's jacket while out to dinner with daughter Annalise in Malibu Cut by Cowell: Simon reportedly axes several Britain's Got Talent acts after it emerges that they are 'professional' performers 'Dangerous liars': Stephen Belafonte lashes out in midst of  Mel B divorce amid claims he's 'broke and homeless'... after hitting back at visitation ruling with snap of daughter What made Kirsten cry? Shots emerge of Dunst suddenly breaking down in tears at the Cannes Film Festival premiere of her movie The Beguiled Nothing to wear? Blac Chyna shares a topless selfie as she emerges from a shower The 29-year-old mom of two posted a near-naked photo on her Instagram captioned 'Morning' 'In your thirties it's amazing!' Katy Perry, 32, lauds sex as 'so much fun if it's consensual and beautiful'... one month after Orlando Bloom split Inside the luxury Beverly Hills hotel where Kendall Jenner and A$AP Rocky quietly started their romance with secret rendezvous  Smouldering Diane Kruger flashes her perky posterior in a daring sheer gown as she storms the red carpet at In The Fade Cannes premiere Ouch! Gwyneth Paltrow winces in pain as she hobbles around with cast on her right foot The 44-year-old actress was wearing a soft black medical boot on her right foot. Heavily pregnant Chelsee Healey, 28, shows off her burgeoning baby bump in a fitted black dress as she visits placenta pill centre  A new Mr Wright? Busty Kate puts on a raucous display and catches the eye of a male admirer as she parties in Ibiza... along with the rest of the TOWIE gang Fur babies! Ruby Rose shares photos of her adorable pet pooch being carried in a doggie sling and jokes that she's 'breaking lesbian stereotypes' Heidi Klum, 43, shows off her incredible pins in nothing but a black jacket and belt as she attends the launch of Rankin's new photography book... in which she appears NAKED Don't treat her with kid gloves! Anne Hathaway muscles through a serious early morning sweat session  Preparing for a weekend of summer BBQs Robert Pattinson is tipped for Oscar success as he receives SIX-minute standing ovation following screening of Good Time at Cannes Film Festival Leggy Lady Gaga sports leopard-print romper while filming A Star is Born with Bradley Cooper Just peachy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her pert behind and slender frame in a skimpy monochrome bikini as she suns herself in Cannes 'I miss it': Lindsay Lohan talks life out of the spotlight after leaving Hollywood for new chapter abroad Make-up free Fearne Cotton looks great in denim hotpants as she takes cute kids Rex and Honey out for a stroll in the London heatwave  Sunshine day out America's Got Talent 'won't air segment' after lawsuit is dismissed involving Tyra Banks 'humiliating and verbally abusing a minor' Specs appeal! Lucy Hale dons stylish frames and strapless top for outing in West Hollywood She's very excited about her new upcoming show Life Sentence.  Andrew O'Keefe looks tired, slurs his speech and displays bizarre behaviour during Weekend Sunrise's coverage of Schapelle Corby's return to Australia Ready to shake up the World Of Dance: Jennifer Lopez posts rehearsal video with Derek Hough, Ne-Yo and Jenna Dewan before launching new show 'Have you tried turning it on?' Orlando Bloom and James Corden perform sexy dance while playing IT geeks in funny sketch Ashley James flaunts her ample assets in a plunging lace bodysuit as she shares empowering body confidence message with sizzling snap in Sardinia Ready to rock! Demi Lovato sports Metallica sweatshirt and semi-sheer leggings as she goes shopping in LA Everything all-Wright? Mark is embroiled in a tense phone call at Malaga airport... just days after romantic anniversary with wife Michelle Keegan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lauren Goodger gives Kim K a run for her money as she flaunts her voluptuous derriere and buxom cleavage in a skimpy black bikini  Legendary Motown star Diana Ross goes grocery shopping in a colorful floral duster and black leggings Lauren Silverman cuts a glamorous figure in a pink midi dress as she cuddles up to Simon Cowell at charity afternoon tea Funky bell sleeves Britain's Got Talent finalist Tina Humphrey who wowed audiences with her dancing dog dies at the age of 45 after a battle with cancer 'I want to give her a hug': Miley Cyrus is going to be 'more cautious' and beef up her security after Ariana Grande terror attack Taking in the sea air! Nicole Richie bundles up in a chic turtleneck and leather jacket during outing to the pier with hubby Joel Madden Armie Hammer claims Johnny Depp 'lives on an entirely other planet'... as he reveals actor's 'crazy' lifestyle EXCLUSIVE: Welcome to MY paradise Pippa - hope you enjoy it as much as we do. Marlon Brando's son shows the private island where Kate's newlywed sister is honeymooning 'I'm really like an adult now': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi puts on busty display as she showcases her new  Oregon home ... after a loan to fund a weed farm Taking the Mickey mouse! Rebel Wilson has lifetime membership to Disneyland and is part of it's secret club  Lea Michele hits the town in cream satin dress as she reunites with Glee co-star Darren Criss Nostalgic? Boys' night! Justin Bieber hits the town with hipster pastor Carl Lentz in New York Enjoying down time from his Purpose tour Au revoir! Kourtney Kardashian and Kendall Jenner head to a private jet with Younes and A$AP Rocky... as their PDA-filled trip to Cannes comes to an end Checking in! Paz Vega displays her lithe frame in a shoulderless chequered gown as she attends the Cannes premiere of In The Frame 'They told me I was too fat, too unfit and too hairy to be 007': SIR ROGER MOORE's exclusive memoirs are as witty, packed with gossip and as stylish as the Bond star Who's the REAL First Lady? Trump's decision to take his wife AND his daughter on his first big trip fuels rumours of a rivalry Emma Watson, 27, makes a rare appearance with boyfriend William Mack Knight, 37, as they enjoy dinner date in New York Boyfriend of 18 months Zoe Saldana wows in white as she attends the opening of the Guardians Of The Galaxy attraction at Disney Glitzy event It's the biggest Australian tour ever! Ed Sheeran breaks records and adds three more stadium shows to his 2018 Aussie concert dates Juliette Binoche slips into a plunging figure-hugging gown while Izabel Goulart leaves little to the imagination in a sheer dress at the L'Amant Double premiere in Cannes 'Trying to tan my butt': Kendra Wilkinson shares VERY revealing sunbathing snap as she goes topless while hiking up bikini bottoms Kieron Richardson reveals he and husband Carl Hyland have welcomed baby twins Chase and Phoebe Rae into the world in sweet snap  'We don't want anyone getting angry with them!' Zoe Saldana has banned playdates for her 'rambunctious' sons As a mother of three boys, she's learnt to love noise and chaos. Designer upgrade! Dakota Johnson makes a drab look fab with a mix of quirky and classic accessories from Gucci Takeaway treats Her little ones! Savannah Guthrie's daughter Vale, two, steals the spotlight at The Today Show with brother Charley Southampton footballer Charlie Austin chats with his stunning wife Bianca as she rocks a semi-sheer bikini during Barbados getaway 'Touch of baby brain!': Pregnant Ferne McCann left red-faced on return to presenting on This Morning... as viewers brand her appearance 'cringe' 'Mr Sell' Fredrik Eklund cuts price of Bethenny Frankel's apartment after failing to find a buyer at $5.25m for over three months Katharine McPhee covers up in a grey bathrobe as she films The Lost Wife Of Robert Durst with co-star Daniel Gillies Geri Horner, 44, shows off incredible figure in a blue bikini as she soaks up the sun with son Monty just four months after giving birth Former Spice Girl Leo the Lothario is back! Newly-single DiCaprio is in his element and he mingles with Bella Hadid, Rita Ora AND a whole host of models at amfAR Gala  How I Met Your Mother's Josh Radnor 'sued by neighbor for building giant deck area over their land' The most painful shoes EVER? Bella Hadid's feet look awkwardly squeezed by her strappy heels - which left marks on her legs when she took them off to walk in amFAR fashion show 'Fans want it told':  Searching For Neverland actors respond to Michael Jackson's family denouncing the film Bikini-clad Jasmin Walia flaunts her enviable frame while soaking up the sun in Ibiza... as she cuddles up to ex Ross Worsick's best pal Joss Mooney TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off toned abs in blue lace co-ords as she enjoys girls' night out with Amber Dowding at fashion launch in Ibiza TOWIE reunion The morning after the night before! Casually clad Rita Ora goes make-up free and hides behind huge shades as she leaves Cannes The stars are leaving It's a boy! 'NSYNC's Chris Kirkpatrick and wife Karly reveal gender of their still-to-be born first child His wife held her blossoming baby bump. 'I'll be back. Love always': Ariana Grande's boyfriend Mac Miller cancels two gigs after Manchester bombing SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Billionaire phone tycoon, 64, has a ball with his 33-year-old Lithuanian cyclist lover - and his ex wife It's a new Dawn! Lucy Davis goes from playing bored receptionist in The Office to glittering on Hollywood red carpet for Wonder Woman premiere Jessica Chastain works business-chic as she arrives for board member duties in figure-hugging tweed dress at the Cannes Film Festival Ready for business  Lily Collins puts on a leggy display in edgy leather shorts and a gold pussybow blouse as she steps out in London Impeccably dressed Billi Mucklow and shirtless fiance Andy Carroll take to the sea in a speedboat as they enjoy a romantic holiday in sun-soaked Capri Living the high life They're a handful! Kelsey Grammer, 62, enjoys a paddle with his kids as wife Kayte looks stylish in patterned cover-up in Miami Liam Neeson looks VERY different as he transforms into Watergate whistleblower Deep Throat in new film The Silent Man Love Actually star That really is beastly! Dan Stevens wears a hilarious oversized bodysuit in pre-CGI Beauty and the Beast footage Behind-the-scenes Nigella Lawson shields herself from the sweltering sunshine under a white parasol as she takes a stroll through London in all-black ensemble 'She's the happiest I've ever seen her': Hollyoaks hunk Danny Mac can't wait to walk down the aisle with fiancée Carley Stenson this summer Dazzling! Melania Trump holds Donald's hand as she arrives at concert for G7 leaders  in a custom Dolce & Gabbana gown, after donning the label's $51,500 jacket earlier Charming David Beckham shares a hug with pal Rita Ora as they enjoy the glitzy festivities at the plush amfAR gala in Cannes Friends in high places 'Errr no, remove!' TOWIE's Amber Turner infuriates Jamie O'Hara's girlfriend Elizabeth-Jayne Tierney after posting snap of him in Marbella... as she DEMANDS the picture is deleted Suits you! TOWIE's Chloe Sims shows off extreme cleavage in a plunging caped tuxedo jumpsuit as she attends fashion launch in Ibiza Holiday tan It was (almost) 50 years ago today Sgt Pepper taught the band to play in what EVERYONE insists is the best Beatles album. RAY CONNOLLY, their friend, dares to disagree  Hope he remembered his credit card! Phillip Schofield treats wife Stephanie and pretty daughters Molly and Ruby to shopping on Rodeo Drive and lunch at The Ivy on trip to LA Fans' anger as acts consider pulling out of summer pop concerts in wake of Manchester bombing - but some parents admit relief Safety first? Ariana Grande's brother Frankie postpones his London gig 'out of respect' for victims of the Manchester suicide bombing Heidi Klum, 43, hosts Germany's Next Top Model final in TINY plunging leotard before packing on PDA with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in the audience Cheers to 44! Molly Sims sips on rosé as she sports low-cut swimsuit on birthday getaway to Mexico Winnie Harlow puts on a VERY cosy display with rumoured flame Lewis Hamilton at amfAR Gala in Cannes They were linked romantically last year Make-up free Holly Willoughby flaunts her flawless complexion as she jokes about parenting her 'noisy' kids Flawless Golden goddess! Jada Pinkett Smith puts on VERY leggy display in halter gown with thigh-high split after Jimmy Kimmel appearance Turned heads  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
dailyrecordLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Scottish News UK & World News Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & TechnologyExpand Politics Football Scottish Premiership Scottish Championship Scottish Cup Betfred Cup Scotland Football Team Transfer News English Premier LeagueExpand Sport Latest Sport Football Rugby Golf Tennis Boxing DartsExpand TV & Celebs Latest Celebs Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity InterviewsExpand Life & Style Scotland Now In Your Area Aberdeen Dundee Glasgow Edinburgh Inverness See all locationsExpand Business Travel My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter Motoring Property Bingo Competitions Horoscopes BuySell Dating Directory Jobs Advertising InYourArea About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Buy a Photo Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2017 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd Home News UK & World Children News Cruel mum locked two young kids in boot of her car while she went shopping Witnesses heard the children aged two and five making a noise and saw the car shaking before alerting cops in Utah.  Share ByRecord Reporter 21:01, 27 MAY 2017 News Tori Lee Castillo locked her kids in the boot of her car before going shopping  Share Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A cruel mum has been arrested after she locked her two young children in the boot of her car while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Police in Riverdale, Utah, in the USA, say witnesses heard the children , aged two and five, making a noise and saw the car shaking. They got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called for help. Read More Paramedics in desperate battle to save baby who died 'after dad left her in car for hours on hottest day of the year' Tori Lee Castillo, 39, is in custody on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested on Thursday when she returned to the car. Police said welfare services were contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party. Read More Top news stories today Heartbreaking photos of Barra teen Stalker sent revenge sex pic to ex's gf 'Nothing' spent on Craig Whyte checks Brendan Rogers: Go and be legends Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @Daily_Record Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Children News all Most Read Most Recent UK & World'Mass brawl' involving 50 people breaks out on BEACH as temperatures soared leaving teenage boy with 'head injury' The air ambulance helicopter landed on the sands amid the sunbathers at Margate to give emergency treatment to an injured male - as police rushed to the scene of the 'mass fight' Domestic violenceBullied to death: Tragic Emily Drouet’s swollen face shows damage wrought by serial abuser Angus Milligan Law student Emily lived in fear of her vicious boyfriend and the youngster's family now want people to know the truth about the brute who drove her over the edge. PoliticsDonald Trump 'caught pretending to listen' at G7 summit - after crucial mistake 'gives him away' The White House has defended the video and offered an explanation, but people still aren't buying it JusticeMystery calls between rapist footballer David Goodwillie's lawyer and court bosses revealed As victim continues fight for justice records reveal high-profile QC Paul McBride was in contact with Crown Office officials before criminal case was binned. PaisleyPaisley blade and bottle thugs in mass brawl after sunshine booze up Worried neighbours call in the cops after violence breaks out during heatwave WishawCouncil leader Jim Logue brands SNP "not fit for purpose" after re-election The new leader, along with his deputy Paul Kelly, also hit back at claims they had reached a deal with the Conservative Group in the council chamber as the Tories voted for Labour candidates for both the positions of council leader and Provost. Conservative PartySNP call for suspension of Labour councillors after "back room" deal with Tories Airdrie and Shotts MSP Alex Neil called on the Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale to suspend all 32 Labour councillors in North Lanarkshire. AyrTruck-daft dad makes final journey on the back of a lorry in unique funeral Ian Lindsay's family took comfort in being able to organise the perfect send-off following a battle with prostate cancer. Missing peopleCarer of missing Margaret Fleming moves back into home seized by police after six month search Avril Jones and partner Edward Cairney were asked to leave the house as detectives launched a search of the property for evidence of the missing woman. Domestic violenceBullied to death: Tragic Emily Drouet’s swollen face shows damage wrought by serial abuser Angus Milligan Law student Emily lived in fear of her vicious boyfriend and the youngster's family now want people to know the truth about the brute who drove her over the edge. Most Read Most Recent Aberdeen FCJayden Stockley left Kieran Tierney rolling about in agony and didn't give a hoot ... he should've seen red Gordon Parks believes the Aberdeen striker knew exactly what he was doing but overall Derek McInnes should be proud of the performance his players gave him. William Hill Scottish CupFans hit out after Celtic ace Kieran Tierney's clash with Aberdeen's Jayden Stockley Celtic ace Tierney, 19, had to be subbed after just 20 minutes after being hit in the face by the big Dons striker's elbow. UK & World'Mass brawl' involving 50 people breaks out on BEACH as temperatures soared leaving teenage boy with 'head injury' The air ambulance helicopter landed on the sands amid the sunbathers at Margate to give emergency treatment to an injured male - as police rushed to the scene of the 'mass fight' Domestic violenceBullied to death: Tragic Emily Drouet’s swollen face shows damage wrought by serial abuser Angus Milligan Law student Emily lived in fear of her vicious boyfriend and the youngster's family now want people to know the truth about the brute who drove her over the edge. PoliticsDonald Trump 'caught pretending to listen' at G7 summit - after crucial mistake 'gives him away' The White House has defended the video and offered an explanation, but people still aren't buying it WishawCouncil leader Jim Logue brands SNP "not fit for purpose" after re-election The new leader, along with his deputy Paul Kelly, also hit back at claims they had reached a deal with the Conservative Group in the council chamber as the Tories voted for Labour candidates for both the positions of council leader and Provost. Conservative PartySNP call for suspension of Labour councillors after "back room" deal with Tories Airdrie and Shotts MSP Alex Neil called on the Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale to suspend all 32 Labour councillors in North Lanarkshire. AyrTruck-daft dad makes final journey on the back of a lorry in unique funeral Ian Lindsay's family took comfort in being able to organise the perfect send-off following a battle with prostate cancer. Missing peopleCarer of missing Margaret Fleming moves back into home seized by police after six month search Avril Jones and partner Edward Cairney were asked to leave the house as detectives launched a search of the property for evidence of the missing woman. Aberdeen FCAberdeen ace Jonny Hayes insists he'll never forgive himself for blowing big Scottish Cup moment Dons winger distraught at not making it easier for Kenny McLean to beat Craig Gordon and admits losing last-gasp goal to the Hoops was a kick in the teeth for the Pittodrie side's efforts. Top Stories Missing peopleCarer of missing women moves back into home seized by police after six month search Carer Avril Jones is one of the only two people who has seen Margaret Fleming in the last 17 years. JusticeMystery calls between rapist footballer David Goodwillie's lawyer and court bosses revealed As victim continues fight for justice records reveal high-profile QC Paul McBride was in contact with Crown Office officials before criminal case was binned. Brendan RodgersCeltic boss Brendan Rodgers honoured to join Jock Stein and Martin O'Neill as he hails his INVINCI-TREBLES Hoops boss humbled by his side's achievements after securing the Treble and admits he finds it hard to think of himself alongside some Parkhead greats. Rangers FCFamily of Rangers legend Jimmy Millar reveal his secret battle with dementia Daughter Elaine has bravely decided to speak about Jimmy's struggle and is convinced the devastating disease is linked to heading the ball. Motoring NewsAA slammed after SIX HOUR wait to take driver just 15 miles to his home Ian Raeburn described the shocking incident as a bad comedy - saying he could have walked home quicker. Celtic FCCeltic prevailed in toughest test of all to end season of staggering excellence with the ultimate reward Brendan Rodgers' side were undefeated, untouchable, indestructible and ultimately Invincible as Scottish Cup victory over Aberdeen sealed a stunning Treble. Universities and CollegesScottish university could be forced to award degrees 3,000 miles away from 'white elephant' New York campus Glasgow Caledonian splurged £11.5m on their Manhattan campus which opened in 2014 but it has not yet enrolled any degree students. English Premier LeagueEnglish Premier League is not worth getting the beers out the fridge for these days - Waddell Gordon Waddell looks at the reasons why he's fallen out of love with the game down south and asks the question ... whatever happened to English football? AyrTruck-daft dad makes final journey on the back of a lorry in unique funeral Ian Lindsay's family took comfort in being able to organise the perfect send-off following a battle with prostate cancer. CourtsCowboy builder brothers caged after trying to trick pensioner out of thousands for roof work Stanley and Bryan Whyte removed sections of the roof and chimney then demanded £12,500 to repair the damage. AdoptionDad begs 'secret' daughter not to snub him after he didn’t know she existed for 28 years Derek McLean's wife managed to hide her pregnancy at 16 and give away the baby without telling her husband and now the daughter doesn't want to know her real dad. Weird NewsHorrific pictures show party-goers dancing with DEAD DOLPHIN in kitchen of student apartment It is understood a video of the dolphin has been released online UK & World'Mass brawl' involving 50 people breaks out on BEACH as temperatures soared leaving teenage boy with 'head injury' The air ambulance helicopter landed on the sands amid the sunbathers at Margate to give emergency treatment to an injured male - as police rushed to the scene of the 'mass fight' Domestic violenceBullied to death: Tragic Emily Drouet’s swollen face shows damage wrought by serial abuser Angus Milligan Law student Emily lived in fear of her vicious boyfriend and the youngster's family now want people to know the truth about the brute who drove her over the edge. PoliticsDonald Trump 'caught pretending to listen' at G7 summit - after crucial mistake 'gives him away' The White House has defended the video and offered an explanation, but people still aren't buying it JusticeMystery calls between rapist footballer David Goodwillie's lawyer and court bosses revealed As victim continues fight for justice records reveal high-profile QC Paul McBride was in contact with Crown Office officials before criminal case was binned. PaisleyPaisley blade and bottle thugs in mass brawl after sunshine booze up Worried neighbours call in the cops after violence breaks out during heatwave UK & WorldDevastated mum told she has 21 days to 'tone down' her daughter's grave after mourners 'complained' Her brother said removing the personal touches will "destroy" his mum Manchester terror attackTwo brothers arrested as police say they have crippled Manchester bomber's criminal network Yahya Werfalli and his brother Mohamed were led screaming from a house in Manchester after a police raid in connection with Monday's atrocity. AdoptionDad begs 'secret' daughter not to snub him after he didn’t know she existed for 28 years Derek McLean's wife managed to hide her pregnancy at 16 and give away the baby without telling her husband and now the daughter doesn't want to know her real dad. GlasgowErasure gig resumes after O2 Academy in Glasgow evacuated due to fire alarm Emergency services were called to the scene and concert-goers evacuated but the crowd have now been allowed back into the venue. Mhairi Black'Moving to Scotland so I can vote for Mhairi Black': SNP MP proves big hit with The Last Leg viewers The Paisley Nat impressed punters on both sides of the border, so much so English viewers say they would cross the border to cast a ballot for her. CourtsFamily of tragic Mr Scotland reveal heartache as killer escapes murder charge Michael O'Hanlon's sister is disgusted that Michael Kirkwood was found guilty of a reduced charge of culpable homicide. Manchester terror attackFirst pictures show barbaric Manchester bomber Salman Abedi moments before horrific attack CCTV Images released by the police capture the vile suicide bomber shortly before the atrocity which left 22 innocent people dead. Missing peopleCarer of missing Margaret Fleming moves back into home seized by police after six month search Avril Jones and partner Edward Cairney were asked to leave the house as detectives launched a search of the property for evidence of the missing woman. Rangers FCFamily of Rangers legend Jimmy Millar reveal his secret battle with dementia Daughter Elaine has bravely decided to speak about Jimmy's struggle and is convinced the devastating disease is linked to heading the ball. General ElectionLabour closing in on Tories at UK level as new polls show Theresa May's lead is shrinking Opinion polls last month indicated that Theresa May was on course for a landslide victory but Jeremy Corbyn is now reeling in the Tory lead. CourtsMum left young kids alone in house for more than two weeks while she went abroad The kids – one as young as three-years-old – had no adult supervision and no hot water while the mum travelled to her home country to 'visit her sick parent'. Missing peopleNew witness spotted missing RAF airman Corrie McKeague an hour after last known sighting The delivery driver has informed police that he saw the missing gunner 66 minutes after he was caught on CCTV. Weird NewsHorrific pictures show party-goers dancing with DEAD DOLPHIN in kitchen of student apartment It is understood a video of the dolphin has been released online UK & WorldEx-crimelord survived a botched hit by playing dead after being shot FIVE times by a hitman Notorious gangster John Gilligan thought he was a "goner" after suffering a fractured skull and had a piece of his nose taken out during a botched hit on him Golden Cone AwardsFamily-run café scoops Golden Cone Award 2017 – despite being 25 miles from the seaside Central Café in Barrhead, near Glasgow, took home the prestigious Sunday Mail award after wowing judges with their sweet treats and warm welcome. News Sport Celebs Life & Style Follow us facebook twitter InYourArea About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Buy a Photo Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2017 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
You are the owner of this collection. Edit Collection Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds enterprise web only ICYMI: Top stories of the week May 27, 2017 Updated 10 hrs ago The most-read stories on NWI.com during the past week. 1 of 20 1 Buy Now Son takes mom to Valpo prom Deborah Laverty Times Correspondent Updated May 26, 2017 Prom night, a fun rite of passage for most teens, is one Ali Clark, 43, of Lowell, didn't get to experience while in high school. That changed Friday night when her son, Tyler Clark, 18, took her as his date to his Valparaiso High School prom. "I'm excited and nervous. I'm all of it in one," Ali said. Ali, dressed in a strapless deep pink colored long gown she had borrowed from a friend, posed proudly for photos with her son, who had donned a white tux with matching pink bow tie. Prior to the photo session, Tyler carefully placed a corsage of pink roses on his mom's wrist while she pinned a pink rose boutonnière on his lapel. Ali said her son had earlier told her she looked beautiful after seeing her dressed in her formal gown. "I love you. Thank you," she said to her son. Tyler had asked her to the prom back in October, around her birthday, knowing his mom hadn't gone to prom as a teenager. "I'm blessed that I had a child that thought that much of me. It melts my heart to think he'd give up his senior prom to take his mom," Ali said. Ali said she became pregnant while a teenager at Hobart High School and quit her sophomore year. "I missed out on a lot," Ali said. Tyler said he got the idea sometime last fall to ask his mom to the prom but first had to check out if it was OK with school officials. Valparaiso High School Principal Reid Amones said Tyler had approached him with the idea and told him rules don't allow someone to take a date over 21 but that they could instead list his mom as a chaperone. "It will be a little special. He wanted to do something nice for his mom," Amones said. Prom night preparations for Ali started early in the day when she went to get her nails done at a Crown Point nail salon and continued with a tanning session and upsweep hairdo at Lowell businesses. "I took the day off," Ali said. Ali works at Omni Tech, making medical equipment. Ali's friend and neighbor, Brenda Anderson, and her daughter, Dani Ebert, volunteered to do her makeup for the event. Ali's husband, Alan Clark, after declaring he thought his wife going to the prom was awesome, joked with Tyler that he didn't realize it took so many hours of preparation for women to get ready. Tyler said activities for the prom night with his mom included dinner at Chili's in Hobart then off to Valparaiso High School for the grand march starting at 6:15 p.m. Prom night was to end with dancing at the Expo Center with the theme, "The Great Gatsby," Tyler said. While dining at Chili's, the two planned to meet Ashlie Tussey, Ali's 26-year-old daughter. Ali's other children include Brian Zarakas, 25, and Megan Clark, 11. She also has four grandsons and one granddaughter. 2 Buy Now Strack & Van Til, Marsh both face existential crisis Joseph S. Pete joseph.pete@nwi.com, 219-933-3316 Updated May 26, 2017 Indiana’s two largest independent grocers, Strack & Van Til and Marsh down in central Indiana, ended up in bankruptcy court in recent weeks amid one of the toughest environments for supermarkets in decades. Neither grocer may survive, despite being woven into the cultural fabric, with a rich tradition of serving shoppers over generations. Jewel-Osco is looking to buy the 19 remaining Strack & Van Til and Town & Country stores, and suggested it could rebrand them as Jewels. Marsh warned it could lay off thousands of workers across the state if it doesn't find a buyer within 60 days. “The challenges faced by Strack & Van Til and Marsh are ones that have been affecting the industry nationwide,” Indiana University Northwest Assistant Professor of Economics Micah Pollak said. “The grocery industry is built on razor-thin profit margins coupled with highly perishable products such as produce, meat, dairy and prepared foods. As a result, sudden upheavals in the industry can be difficult for firms, and especially smaller independent chains, to weather.” Strack & Van Til has coped with changes to the grocery industry, including the arrival of Whole Foods in Northwest Indiana, the emergence of non-traditional competitors like Menards and online rivals like Blue Apron. “In the case of Strack & Van Til, they fought hard to adapt by expanding higher-end offerings, updating stores and experimenting with new services like home delivery,” Pollak said. “Unfortunately, these changes are very capital expensive. With such narrow profit margins, the grocery industry is hard-pressed to turn on a penny, much less a dime.” University of Indianapolis Associate Professor of Finance Matthew Will said local grocers can only survive if they innovate or find a niche consumers will pay for. “Remember, this is not a big business conspiracy,” he said. “This is consumers deciding who wins and loses. Amazon, Zappo, Jet, etc., did not exist 15 years ago. And now they may put Macy's, Sears, etc., out of business. Even Walmart is closing stores. No one is or should be immune from progress.” But there are consequences.  “The loss of consumer choice is bad,” Will said. “The failure of a company, unable to satisfy consumer demands, is a normal part of economic progress. People will still buy the same amount of groceries. Some will merely change where they shop. It may be an emotional loss for the region, but their failure is a result of consumer choice... The new Super Meijers and Super Krogers drove Marsh out of business. They have greatly enhanced the shopping experience. Marsh did not.” Consumers will ultimately lose out if Strack & Van Til vanishes from the Northwest Indiana landscape, Pollak said. “What this means for Northwest Indiana and the state is continued consolidation in the grocery industry, a more limited range in terms of where to shop and what is available, and very likely higher prices,” he said. “We will likely have fewer independent grocery businesses, at least until the grocery industry stabilizes further.” He’s especially concerned about the future of the discount Ultra Foods stores, which sometimes served low-income communities. Most are slated for closure, and Strack & Van Til parent company Central Grocers is still trying to find a buyer for the remaining three Ultra stores in Highland, Merrillville and Kankakee. “Many of these stores are the sole grocery store in lower-income areas that would otherwise be vast food deserts,” Pollak said. "Some Ultra Foods have already been closed, and without a prospective buyer more may close. The closure of these stores risks significantly expanding the problem of food deserts in Northwest Indiana, which has dire consequences on the health of our residents and ultimately represents a burden on all Hoosiers.” Highland resident Chadd Huizenga said he would love to continue to have a local, independent supermarket chain in Northwest Indiana. “It is good for the local economy,” he said. “The money people of the Region spend gets recycled back into the Region. Also, more people of the Region are employed.” Highland-based Strack & Van Til once operated 38 stores, grossed more than $1.1 billion a year and employed more than 4,000 in Northwest Indiana alone. It was a staple of Region life — its catered fried chicken, for instance, was widely enjoyed at social gatherings, business functions and church get-togethers. As lore would have it, people have even averted wedding reception catastrophes with last-minute runs to Stracks. “What is more important to me, is maintaining a cultural identity,” Huizenga said. “In Northwest Indiana, Strack & Van Til is part of our local identity. We are different from the rest of Chicagoland, because we shop at Strack & Van Til, not Jewel or Mariano's. With the global culture becoming more homogenized and bland, it is important to maintain local culture and identity. This is what makes Northwest Indiana 'Da Region.'” He hopes prospective owner Jewel-Osco at least preserves the Strack & Van Til name. “When it comes down to it, it is just a name, but names are important,” he said. “The name of our grocery store is what keeps Northwest Indiana from being just another boring bland Chicagoland suburb like Orland Park.” Valparaiso resident Dawn Brown considered the Strack & Van Til on U.S. 30 in Valparaiso her store, her Stracks. She visits weekly and counts on employees to tell her which cantaloupe is the sweetest, gets recipes from the meat department, chats with stockers and has favorite cashiers she'll wait longer to see. They'll ask about her daughter's school and swimming, and brag about their grandchildren. The baggers know she wants paper inside of plastic. "The Deli folks started treating my 1-year-old with a slice of co-jack cheese," she said. "As the years went by, my daughter gained confidence by standing in line on her own to ask politely for her piece of cheese. I know it is a small thing, but it is one of her favorite memories of learning to be independent." Her daughter's Girl Scout troop has sold hundreds of boxes of cookies at the Valpo Strack & Van Til, which also helped her swim club by donating boxes of fresh fruit for races.  "Change is inevitable, and a national corporation will more than likely be purchasing my Stracks," Brown said. "What I want them to know is that it will not matter what name is on the sign. What will matter will be the employees inside the store. They are the heartbeat that keeps the business alive. It is my hope that the future buyer will remember that fact and treat them with the respect they have earned over the many, many years inside the store." 3 Buy Now Second-graders get Lucky in their lessons Carmen McCollum carmen.mccollum@nwi.com, 219-662-5337 Updated May 26, 2017 VALPARAISO — For several years, Lucky, the wheaten terrier, and her handler, Nancy Starewicz, traveled the Region helping young and old with her unique lessons. She came back recently, for a one-day special visit. Lucky and Starewicz, who now divide their time between Florida and Minnesota, visited John Simatovich Elementary School second-graders Wednesday to meet Lucky's pen pals. Simatovich second-grade teacher Angela Ross said each year Principal Leigh Barnes asks teachers to create goals for the school year. "We always work on life skills and have animals in our room," Ross said, about coming up with a new goal involving animals to help pupils learn. "I remembered there used to be a lady who traveled to the different schools, and some people remembered her name. I Googled her and found out she wasn't in this area anymore." Ross connected with Starewicz through social media, and her students began a "pup pal" relationship with Lucky. Students wrote letters about their life, school days and adventures, and in return, Starewicz in Lucky's "voice," wrote back to them. That was last fall. A portion of each day, students work with Ross on their letters, reading the books Starewicz created around the dog and going to Starewicz's blog to read about Lucky. Starewicz also sent videos to students about Lucky's different adventures in Florida. Neither Ross nor the students ever expected to meet Starewicz and Lucky face-to-face; instead, they had a stuffed dog they named Lucky. But when Starewicz found she might have a little extra time while traveling to Minnesota, she decided to stop by for a visit. Starewicz, a former school psychologist, worked with students and families for more than 30 years in the Crown Point Community School Corp. and School City of Hobart. She retired in 2008, and she and her husband, a retired educator, got Lucky as a puppy. The dog is now 11 1/2 years old. Over the years, Starewicz has written six books about her wheaten terrier, and the important life lessons she's learned from her pet. They have visited thousands of students over the years, mostly in Northwest Indiana. Lucky a role model During their interactive programs, students and parents hear about Lucky and see her demonstrate good behavior. All the Lucky books have universal messages for all ages emphasizing empathy, listening, trust, being thankful and friendship. As Starewicz demonstrated Lucky's skills, she told students Lucky likes people and pays close attention to their hands. "To a dog, people are their hands; Lucky has never been hurt by hands, so she thinks the whole world has good hands because no one has ever hurt her with their hands," Starewicz said. "Hands are for helping, never hurting. So take a look at your hands. Be as friendly as Lucky." She said Lucky is especially good at waiting patiently and paying attention, and she encouraged the children always to pay attention to their teachers and parents. Second-grader Ava Lukawski said in one of her letters, she wrote about how Lucky taught students to always have "good" hands. "I made a picture of two hands shaped like a heart," Ava said. "It's fun seeing Lucky in person. We always write to him, and we always think about him. We were thinking we really wanted to see Lucky in person." Second-grader Nick Brazeau said he likes dogs and has one at home. "My dog is really small," he said, adding he was excited Lucky came to his classroom. Ross said the students love animals, and Lucky has been an excellent connection for them. "Lucky has made lifelong memories for the students and me," she said. "One student asked me, 'Was I dreaming, or was Lucky really here?' Nancy and Lucky also inspired our class to apply for a grant so we could donate supplies and money for Lakeshore Paws animal rescue." The students intend to make 18 fleece blankets to donate to the animal shelter. They made a blanket for Lucky and presented it to her during the visit, laughing as she planted her paws on it and seemed to take a nap. 4 Girlfriend charged with providing gun in Portage shooting Bob Kasarda bob.kasarda@nwi.com, 219-548-4345 Updated May 26, 2017 VALPARAISO — A second person has been charged in connection with last week's shooting in Portage over allegations of infidelity, according to police. Nya Zhane Celeste Lewis, 19, of the 700 block of Fremont Road in South Haven, is accused of providing the illegal handgun used in the shooting, according to court documents. She is charged with a felony count of assisting a criminal and misdemeanor possession of a handgun without a permit. Lewis is the girlfriend of Daniel Moro, also of South Haven, who is accused of shooting another man over accusations both men were having sex with each other's girlfriends, police said. Police said Moro shot the other man in the side of the head around 1 a.m. May 15 along Creekview Court, west of Ash Street in Portage, according to charging information. The victim survived the shooting. Lewis reportedly told police the pink-handled .380-caliber semi-automatic handgun was hers and that it was on the floorboard of her vehicle when she and Moro arrived at the shooting scene. She said she was going back to the vehicle to call 911 and saw the gun on the floorboard when she heard the shots being fired. Lewis said she threw the gun out of the vehicle window following the shooting; police recovered it from a ditch along the south side of County Road 700 North, about 470 feet west of McCool Road, according to police. Rounds of ammunition collected from the gun are the same caliber and brand name as the spent casings found at the shooting scene, police said.  A witness told police he watched Moro pull the gun out of the vehicle and fire it at the victim four or five times. "Lewis claimed that she never saw Moro fire the weapon or even possess it," according to charging information. "She denied firing it, and she said that Daniel did not fire it." Lewis reportedly told police she bought the gun from a friend for safety purposes and does not have a permit. Moro, who is charged with attempted murder, aggravated battery and possession of a handgun without a permit after having a felony conviction within 15 years, made an initial court appearance Monday before Porter Superior Judge Roger Bradford. Pleas of not guilty were entered on his behalf. A bond hearing was scheduled for June 12. He is being held without bond. Additional hearings are scheduled for Aug. 7 and Sept. 11. 5 Two people charged in East Chicago drug raid Steve Garrison steve.garrison@nwi.com, 219-662-5331 Updated May 26, 2017 CROWN POINT — Two people arrested last week in a police raid at El Sombrero Bar in East Chicago face drug charges in Lake Criminal Court. Glorivette Bonilla, 40, of Hammond, was charged Friday with dealing cocaine and cocaine possession. Gustavo A. Zamora, 56, of East Chicago, is charged with dealing cocaine, cocaine possession and maintaining a common nuisance. Bonilla was arrested Thursday night at El Sombrero Bar, 2001 Broadway, where she worked as a bartender, according to a probable cause affidavit. Police allegedly found 31 grams of cocaine individually packaged in Bonilla's purse during a search of the premises, the affidavit states. Bonilla admitted it was her purse, the affidavit states, but claimed she was holding the cocaine for someone else. Zamora was arrested in an apartment above the bar, the affidavit states. Police found 6 grams of cocaine in the apartment, as well as boxes of sandwich bags, a small scale and “a large sum” of cash. The Indiana Excise State Police said in a press release last week that its yearlong investigation into drug distribution at the bar started because of a resident's complaint. Both defendants have been released on bond pending trial, according to court records. A court date has not been scheduled for either defendant, records state. 6 Yet another reason to avoid I-94 this summer Bob Kasarda bob.kasarda@nwi.com, 219-548-4345 Updated May 26, 2017 Just when it appeared that traffic congestion would not be getting any worse across the Region this summer, a whole new set of construction barriers have appeared along a Porter County stretch of Interstate 94 just ahead of the busy Memorial Day weekend. The lane restrictions, which are part of a paving and bridge repair project that was carried over from last year, will impact the highway through Nov. 6 from an area just east of Ind. 249 in Portage to two miles east of Chesterton, according to Doug Moats, media relations director for the Northwest District of the Indiana Department of Transportation. The area includes the Ind. 49 ramps, which provide access to the popular Indiana Dunes State Park and various National Lakeshore properties. More than 3 million people visit the Indiana Dunes each year, making the dunes the single most popular tourist attraction in the state, according to a study of the economic impact of Porter County tourism prepared for Indiana Dunes Tourism. Lane closures will vary in the I-94 construction zone as paving progresses, Moats said. Work will take place mainly at night, he said, but daytime paving could occur. The left shoulder and lane are currently closed, he said. There will be intermittent nightly restrictions closing the center lane and ramps at Ind. 49. This latest project comes in addition to work on several other major highways across the Region that are already resulting in traffic delays, including elsewhere on I-94. The state is replacing the bridge carrying I-94 over the Indiana Toll Road a little further west in Portage and the highway is undergoing restoration and paving work through September even further west in Lake County. The state is also resurfacing Ind. 49 from the Indiana Toll Road south to U.S. 30, and repair work is underway on U.S. 30 from Industrial Drive in Valparaiso east to U.S. 421 in Wanatah. U.S. 421 is closed in Wanatah south of U.S. 30 for a bridge replacement and north of U.S. 30 for repair work. Interstate 65 also underwent resurfacing north of I-94, and repair work was done along Ind. 49 between U.S. 20 and U.S. 12. This is the last year of such an intense road construction season, Moats said. The state had to squeeze in many projects as part of the Restore 94 project to take advantage of funding received a couple of years ago from the Indiana General Assembly. Local road projects are further complicating matters by thwarting motorists' attempts to detour their way around the inevitable traffic delays. Among these will be a repaving and striping project planned this summer along Calumet Road north from the Valparaiso city limits to U.S. 6, according to Porter County Commissioner Jim Biggs, R-North. Motorists attempting to dodge the work on nearby Ind. 49 will be further challenged by another repaving project planned this summer along Meridian Road north of U.S. 6. "Welcome to Northwest Indiana during the summer," Biggs joked, "where the state emblem should be an orange cone, at least during the summer months." 7 Man charged with OWI in Merrillville teen pedestrian's death Steve Garrison steve.garrison@nwi.com, 219-662-5331 Updated May 26, 2017 CROWN POINT — Police allege a 43-year-old man accused of fatally striking a teenager with his vehicle last fall was under the influence of marijuana and prescription medication at the time of the crash. Christopher E. Campbell was charged Monday in Lake Criminal Court with two felony counts of intoxicated driving, causing death, and one count of operating a vehicle as a habitual traffic violator. Police allege in a probable cause affidavit Campbell has had his driver's license suspended 49 times since 1991. He has been convicted of drunken driving in Indiana on two occasions before the incident last fall, according to court records. Campbell is accused of striking 17-year-old Andrew Salka with his vehicle the afternoon of Oct. 17 in the 800 block of East 73rd Avenue in Merrillville, the affidavit states. Salka, a junior at Merrillville High School, was transported to Methodist Hospitals Northlake Campus in Gary and then Loyola University Medical Center in Illinois, where he was pronounced dead, the affidavit states. Campbell underwent a medical evaluation at Methodist Hospitals Southlake Campus, where police obtained a blood sample that was later submitted to the Indiana Department of Toxicology, according to the affidavit. The toxicology report indicated Campbell had pain medication, anti-anxiety medication and THC — a primary compound of marijuana — in his system at the time of the crash, the affidavit states. The drugs found in his system are all central nervous system depressants, the affidavit states, which can in combination cause impaired thoughts and actions. Police found a prescription bottle for hydrocodone, a pain medication, in the pocket of Campbell's shorts at the scene of the crash, the affidavit states. Campbell's bond is set at $55,000, according to court records. 8 Buy Now Macy's to open outlet store inside Southlake Mall location Joseph S. Pete joseph.pete@nwi.com, 219-933-3316 Updated May 26, 2017 Macy's is going to open a store-within-a-store outlet inside its department store at Southlake Mall in Hobart. The Cincinnati-based retailer will open its first Chicago area Macy’s Backstage The Outlet Store at the super-regional mall at U.S. 30 and Mississippi Street on June 17. Macy's is carving 17,000 square feet out of the first floor of the 165,000-square-foot store to make room for the new outlet store, with items marked down from 20 percent to 80 percent, while the rest of the store will remain a full-line department store. “Macy’s Backstage is a new experience for our customers who enjoys the thrill of the hunt, providing fashion and brands at a great value,” Macy's Chief Merchandising Officer Tim Baxter said. “The Backstage concept caters to the fashion-savvy, cost-conscious shopper that expects her local store to keep up with her fast-paced lifestyle. The layout is designed for maximum efficiency, while the merchandise offering changes constantly to reflect the newest trends.” While Macy's is closing stores across the nation amid a tough retail environment, it's hiring in Northwest Indiana's busiest commercial area. Macy's spokeswoman Carolyn Ng said the Southlake Mall store would add 10 to 12 more workers to serve as its "Backstage Crew." "At this time, the Macy’s Backstage at Southlake will be the only one in Chicago/Indiana," she said. More and more new stores opening in Northwest Indiana have been outlet or discount stores, including the Nordstrom Rack and Talbots Company Store at Shops on Main in Schererville.  Macy's has been one of the five anchors of the two-story, 1.4 million-square-foot mall in Hobart since it replaced L.S. Ayres after buying out that defunct Indianapolis-based retailer in 2006. It describes the new store-within-a-store at Southlake as "a cross between a department store and an outlet." Macy’s Backstage at Southlake will feature "trend boards" that highlight the latest seasonal looks, "Juice Bars" for phone charging, free Wi-Fi, mobile check-out stations and fitting rooms with three-way mirrors. "Carving retail space within the full-line department store on the first floor, this new retail combination of an outlet store-within-a-store gives shoppers a new discount destination located right inside of their favorite store," Macy's said in a press release. Macy's Backstage will stock a wide range of products, including shoes, accessories, beauty products, housewares, home textiles, toys, tech, gadgets and men’s, women’s and children’s apparel, including some celebrity lines. It will carry top brands like Maybelline and E.L.F. The new store opens June 17 and the first 100 customers will get a $20 gift card. Macy’s Backstage at Southlake will be open from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. Monday through Saturday and from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. on Sundays. For more information, call 219-769-9100. 9 2 killed in less than a day in Gary Sarah Reese sarah.reese@nwi.com, 219-933-3351 Updated May 26, 2017 GARY — A 28-year-old man was killed Tuesday morning in the city's second homicide within 24 hours. DeAngelo Spencer, of Gary, died after a shooting in the 2400 block of Pierce Street, according to Gary police and the Lake County coroner's office. Gary police were dispatched to the area about 8:40 a.m. for a report of a man with a gunshot wound. Upon arrival, a man was found inside a residence, police said.  Coroner's investigators were called to the scene about 8:50 a.m. and pronounced Spencer dead at 9 a.m. In a separate shooting, Sherrod Carter, 39, of Gary, was fatally wounded Monday night in the 2100 block of Carolina Street, according to police and a coroner's release. Gary police were called to that area about 7:30 p.m. for a report of a gunshot victim. Officers located Carter, who was taken to a local hospital but pronounced dead about 8 p.m., officials said. Anyone with information about the homicides is asked to call the Lake County/Gary Metro Homicide Unit at 219-755-3855. To remain anonymous, call 866-CRIME-GP. 10 Buy Now Hammond church sued over former deacon's fraud scheme Ed Bierschenk edwin.bierschenk@nwi.com, 219-933-4195 Updated May 26, 2017 HAMMOND — The First Baptist Church of Hammond faces another lawsuit in connection with a fraud scheme operated by a former deacon. The former deacon, William Kimmel, was sentenced in 2014 to 22 years in prison and ordered to pay more than $16.4 million in restitution after being convicted in federal court in Raleigh, North Carolina, of defrauding hundreds of investors around the country. The lawsuit filed against the church earlier this month by Cricket Boyd, individually and as a trustee of the William Boyd Family Trust, is the second civil lawsuit filed locally against the church. Boyd said she lost her entire $175,000 investment. A year ago, First Baptist Church of Hammond Inc., was sued by Crystal Elwell, Robert Baldwin and Deborah Baldwin, individually and as custodian for her two minor children. Elwell, according to the lawsuit, was a former employee of the church and served as North American and Caribbean director for its Fundamental Baptist Mission Board. That lawsuit is still in the deposition phase. In response to the filing of the first lawsuit, Rick Hammond, an attorney representing the church, said last year that the church “believes the charges are baseless. That there has been absolutely no wrongdoing on behalf of the church, and the church stands by its good works and the missionary work it has been doing in the community and around the world” for decades. The Times was unable to reach Hammond to comment on the latest lawsuit. The latest lawsuit filed by Boyd seeks class action certification and contends more than 100 people could be part of the class. The lawsuit claims the members of the potential class action lost more than $5 million in investments they made with Kimmel. It contends First Baptist should have known of Kimmel's "exploitative propensities." It further states the church had the duty of ordinary care to investigate and not retain Kimmel as a financial adviser for the church. The lawsuit contends the church "ratified Kimmel's acts and omissions by taking kickbacks from the money he stole from plaintiff and class members." According to federal prosecutors, Kimmel sold investments in Sure Line Acceptance Corp. in churches across the country. The federal indictments against Kimmel characterized the corporation as a Ponzi scheme where investors were paid their interest from new investor money. 11 Buy Now Local grad rates up in NWI overall, down in state Carmen McCollum carmen.mccollum@nwi.com, 219-662-5337 Updated May 26, 2017 As graduation season gets underway, local high school officials say their graduation rate is inching up each year. Data also show an increasing number of minority students in local schools are earning their high school diploma. The Indiana Department of Education recently released the 2016 graduation rates, and data show a slight decline in Indiana's graduation rate overall, to 82.36 percent in 2016, from 82.83 percent in 2015. Indiana state Superintendent Jennifer McCormick said ensuring that students graduate prepared and ready for life beyond high school is vital to the state. "Over the next four years, the department will continue to closely partner with our schools to increase the number of students who walk out of high school, degree in hand,” she said Monday. Educators say credit recovery programs and alternative schools play a role in helping students catch up on credits they may have missed. They also say teachers, administrators and guidance counselors play a key role in helping students be successful. Credit recovery programs across Northwest Indiana public and public charter schools are just that — a way for a nontraditional student or a student who had some personal issues and didn't make it through some required classes to "recover" those lost credits. Many such classes are offered online, but some are offered on site either at the school or at an affiliated alternative school. Much of the class work at an alternative school also is offered online, but licensed teachers are available to explain concepts and grade tests and perform other assessments. Portage High School Principal Max Gill said the high school's graduation rate went to 90.62 percent in 2016, with 541 of 597 seniors graduating, from 87.9 percent in 2015, with 529 of 602 seniors graduating. "I feel this is because the students and teachers worked hard for senior graduation success," he said. "Our guidance counselors also worked hard by calling students down that were struggling to update them and offer words of encouragement. At the end of the school year, the administration team worked with the counselors to call in all students who did not graduate, to work on a summer plan (summer school and credit recovery) to help them succeed." Gill said they offer credit recovery through an online program, and students can take up to four classes that way. "We attempt to place the students first in summer school; if we are not offering the course or they have multiple classes, we then place them in credit recovery," he said. "Last year we had 65 credit recovery students of which approximately 15 were summer students. It takes the hard work of students, parents/guardians, teachers, principals and guidance counselors all working together with a common goal, the success of the students." According to state data, 94.9 percent of Portage's black students graduated in 2016, up from 83.9 percent the year before, while 93.8 percent of the school's Hispanic students graduated in 2016 compared with 86 percent the year before. Of the school's white student population, 88.5 percent graduated in 2016, compared with 89.1 percent in 3015. Credit recovery used across Region Porter Township Superintendent Stacey Schmidt said the credit recovery program has been a valuable tool to help students graduate. "We also started a south county (Union Township, Porter Township, Hebron, East Porter) alternative school at Boone Grove High School in our district," she said. "We have seen kids find success through this program that would have struggled to graduate in the traditional high school setting." Duneland Superintendent David Pruis said when he looks at the trends, Chesterton High School always has been above the state average. Despite the fact there are different students each year and that has an effect on the graduation rate, Pruis said students perform well. "We have a comprehensive curriculum, and we do have a credit recovery program," he said. "We offer a morning and afternoon alternative school. We have that available because sometimes life gets in the way of young adults. We have high expectations for our students, and they rise to the challenge. We have staff members who look at our curriculum and the sequencing of the coursework so that students who fall behind, sometimes through no fault of their own, get through it." Jennifer Zinth, director of High School and STEM for the Denver-based Education Commission of the States, a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization, said schools are finding more ways to help students graduate. "There are different models for credit recovery," she said. "Some are online, some are face-to-face and some are a combination. The research is mixed on how effective credit recovery programs are and how they are implemented. Credit recovery can work, but if the standards and instruction are not there, students won't see the outcome that educators are hoping for." Michigan City High School had a graduation rate of 88.4 percent for 2016, with 311 of 352 students graduating. Of that number, the graduation rate for black students was 82.4 percent, with 89 of 108 graduating. Of Hispanic students, 28 out of 30 graduated for 93.3 percent, and 161 of 176 white students graduated for a rate of 91.5 percent. At LaPorte High School, the graduation rate for 2016 was 88.5 percent, with 393 of 444 students graduating. Of that total, 10 of 13 black students graduated for a rate of 76.9 percent; 34 of 45 Hispanic students graduated for 75.6 percent; and 326 of 360 white students graduated for a rate of 90.6 percent. Tweaking programs, approaches for success Sean Egan, principal at Hammond Academy of Science and Technology, said the public charter school has three years of data. In 2014, 56 of 62 students graduated; in 2015, 62 of 63 students graduated and in 2016, 62 of 64 students graduated. He said he anticipates that in 2017, 93 percent or 65 students will graduate. He said the school uses credit recovery, summer school and online coursework to assist students to graduate on time. "Our guidance counselors begin meeting with students and their parents starting in 10th grade if it seems that the student is not earning credits at the correct rate," Egan said. "Additionally, the HAST daily schedule allows students to earn seven credits per semester, whereas most schools provide five credits per semester. As such, a HAST student has the opportunity to earn up to 56 credits prior to graduation, whereas the state requires only the Core 40 diploma." Gary schools Superintendent Cheryl Pruitt said in 2012, the overall school graduation rate for the three high schools — Gary New Tech, Wirt/Emerson and West Side — was 60.3 percent compared to the rate in 2016 of 85.9 percent, a significant jump. "Much of the change can be attributed to a change in leadership style," Pruitt said. "Our administrators worked closely with counselors to review every transcript and every piece of data that had been collected on students. From there, students were given specific academic plans, so that they would graduate on time." Pruitt said the district uses credit recovery but says it is a last resort, and students are first given every opportunity to succeed in the classroom. Graduation waiver rate State officials said in 2016, Indiana’s waiver graduation rate was 89.07 percent, and the nonwaiver rate was 82.36 percent. In 2015, the waiver graduation rate was 88.89 percent, with a nonwaiver graduation rate of 82.83 percent. A graduation waiver allows a student to graduate who has not met the basic expectation that each student pass the state's graduation examination and graduate with a Core 40 diploma. So, the waiver rate is usually higher than the nonwaiver rate. Even if a student does not pass the graduation qualifying exam tests, or GQE, currently in English and math, the student still has a chance to receive a diploma. This alternative diploma route often is used for students with disabilities. To graduate with a waiver diploma, a student still must have achieved the following: all the classes required to graduate, taken the GQE once a year, received remediation every year, four-year attendance rate of 95 percent or better, GPA of 1.667 or better in core subjects and a teacher recommendation. If all that is satisfied, then the student is issued a waiver diploma. 12 Buy Now 'Slimy' business looks to open in Hobart downtown Chas Reilly Times Correspondent Updated May 26, 2017 HOBART — A brick-and-mortar store in Hobart's downtown could get a little gooey on the inside. Resident Julia Wade has plans to open The Slime Factory at 218 Main St. Wade said the business looks to provide opportunities for children to use their creativity and learn about science through projects involving slime. She said children often are focused on their electronic devices, but The Slime Factory will offer an alternative in which they can participate in hands-on and interactive activities. Customers will be able to create slime at stations at the business, Wade said. Prepared slime and kits to make slime at home also will be available for purchase there. Wade said she plans to expand the offerings at The Slime Factory to include additional science programs. "I'm still in the beginning stages," Wade said. She said her business also would have activities for adults by featuring a soap-making program there. Wade plans to have the business open by mid-June. She would need a sign advertising her business before operations start there and Wade went before the city's Historic Preservation Commission seeking approval for signage on the building The Slime Factory will occupy. The panel deferred voting on the matter, because more details are needed about the sign, including its dimensions. The commission will continue reviewing the matter at its June 20 meeting. Wade is expected to work with city officials to discuss using a temporary sign so she could open before the commission acts on the permanent sign request. Although no action was taken on the matter, city officials said they are eager to work with Wade to help her through the process. "We want you to succeed," commission member Tom Ehrhardt said. 13 State sues 2 retired Munster administrators seeking repayment Carmen McCollum carmen.mccollum@nwi.com, 219-662-5337 Updated May 26, 2017 CROWN POINT — The Indiana attorney general's office has filed suit against two retired Munster school administrators seeking to recover nearly $851,000 in public funds. The suit comes almost a year after the Indiana State Board of Accounts issued a scathing report targeting retired Superintendent William Pfister and retired Assistant Superintendent Richard Sopko asking the pair to repay $851,000 to the school district. Sopko was also superintendent for two years. The special investigatory report then was sent to the Indiana attorney general’s office and the Lake County prosecutor. The lawsuit was filed in Lake Circuit Court on Tuesday. Neither Pfister nor Sopko could be reached at home for comment Wednesday morning. Pfister's attorney, Greg Bouwer, said he had no comment. When asked about the lawsuit, Munster schools Superintendent Jeff Hendrix said, "The School Board and administration does not comment on any active or current litigation." The State Board of Accounts audit covered the period from July 1, 1999, to June 30, 2014. Pfister was the superintendent from Aug. 12, 1991, to June 30, 2012. Sopko was the assistant superintendent and/or treasurer from July 1, 1998, to June 30, 2012, and superintendent from July 1, 2012, to June 30, 2014. The State Board of Accounts audit asked Pfister to reimburse the district a total of $463,922 for overpayment to his annuity, salary and stipend and other items. It asked Sopko to reimburse the district a total of $377,475 for overpayment to his annuity, salary and stipend and other items. The civil suit said each of the administrators had a contract that stipulated how much money by percentage would be paid into the administrator's annuity account, but at the superintendent's direction the percentage was changed "without any knowledge or approval by the school board." In Pfister's case, the suit said, "Pfister's annuity starter percentage compounded to the point that by 2011 to 2012, he was receiving an extra annuity starter contribution of 38 percent of his salary, without any knowledge or approval by the School Town Board." The suit also alleges that Pfister was wrongfully paid a bonus in the amount of $27,222.50 beyond what he was entitled to according to the terms of his contract. The suit says Sopko also deviated from the "plain reading" of his assistant superintendent contract in order to receive an annual annuity payment in excess of what he was entitled. The suit says from July 2000 to July 2014, Sopko was wrongfully paid a bonus in the total amount of $20,365.77, also beyond what he was entitled by his contract as assistant superintendent and superintendent. The suit said the cost of the SBOA investigation was $10,053 for each administrator, and the suit seeks that payment as well.  According to the lawsuit, the audit report disclosed malfeasance, misfeasance and/or nonfeasance on the part of Pfister and Sopko. The audit report also disclosed that public funds, which the state is seeking to recover, were either misappropriated, diverted or unaccounted for, illegally received or illegally retained or obtained by fraud. The suit names the insurance companies that insured the administrators during their tenure. Munster voters approved a referendum in 2013, but after Sopko retired, the district announced it had an $8 million deficit. Earlier this month, Munster voters approved a general fund and construction referendum. The new general fund referendum will replace the current 2013 operating referendum of 19 cents per $100 of assessed valuation, increasing the tax to 42 cents per $100 of assessed valuation. It will raise $6.9 million for each of the next seven years. Munster residents also voted yes for an additional $48 million construction referendum to repair and renovate all the school buildings. It will require property owners to pay an additional 43 cents per $100 of assessed valuation to fund those projects. Hendrix said he has been able to reduce the deficit by $3.5 million. 14 Buy Now Unemployment plummets in NWI Joseph S. Pete joseph.pete@nwi.com, (219) 933-3316 Updated May 26, 2017 Unemployment plunged across Northwest Indiana in April, dropping to as low as 2.9 percent in some parts of the Region, a number that would have been unthinkable in recent years. Joblessness plummeted by more than 1 percent across most Northwest Indiana cities and towns for the second straight month in April. Lake County had the state's second highest jobless rate of 4.1 percent in April, which was down dramatically from 5.4 percent in March. LaPorte County was sixth highest out of Indiana's 92 counties with an unemployment rate of 3.6 percent, according to the Indiana Department of Workforce Development. Porter County's unemployment rate fell to 3.3 percent, down from 4.5 percent the previous month but still 13th highest in the state. The seasonally unadjusted jobless rate in the Gary metro area — which is made up of Lake, Porter, Newton and Jasper counties — dropped to 3.9 percent in April, down from 5.3 percent the previous month, according to Workforce Development. Unemployment in the Michigan City metro area, which is just LaPorte County, fell to 3.6 percent, down from 5.3 percent. The jobless rate in the Gary metro was down 2.1 percent as compared to the same time a year ago, while unemployment has fallen 2.4 percent year-over-year in the Michigan City metro. Both the Gary and Michigan City metropolitan areas trail behind statewide and national jobless levels. Indiana's unemployment rate fell to 3.6 percent in April, down from 3.9 percent in March. Nationally, the jobless rate was 4.4 percent. Joblessness in Illinois dropped to 4.7 percent in April, down from 4.9 percent in March, according to the Illinois Department of Employment Security. Unemployment had been as high as 12 percent in Northwest Indiana during the depths of the Great Recession. It has since dramatically come down across the Region. In April, it dropped by at least 1.2 percent in Crown Point, East Chicago, Gary, Hammond, Hobart, Merrillville, Michigan, Portage, Schererville and Valparaiso. Most dramatically, it fell by 2.1 percent in East Chicago. 15 Buy Now St. John deemed richest small town in Indiana Joseph S. Pete joseph.pete@nwi.com, 219-933-3316 Updated May 26, 2017 Munster, Winfield and the Duneland communities along the Lake Michigan shoreline tend to be thought of as some of the wealthiest towns in Northwest Indiana.  But St. John is actually the richest town with a population below 25,000 in the Region — and in the state of Indiana, according to a new report. 24/7 Wall Street, a financial news and opinion website known for lists like "best places to live" and "worst companies to work for," named the richest town in every state with a population between 1,000 and 25,000. The very tiny Winnetka on the Lake Michigan shore north of Chicago, for instance, was recognized as the richest in Illinois, with a median household income of $211,773. The national media company ranked St. John as the richest in Indiana, with a median income of $95,777. That's nearly double the statewide median household income of $49,255. 24/7 Wall Street chalks it up to the St. John's high education level. "One reason for the high area incomes is the high level of education among town residents," 24/7 Wall Street said. "An estimated 97.1 percent of St. John adults have graduated high school, the largest share in Indiana. Also, 37.6 percent of St. John adults have at least a bachelor’s degree, far more than the 24 percent statewide share. Nationwide, the typical high school graduate earns $8,000 more than the typical worker who did not finish high school, and college graduates earn $20,000 more." The town of more than 16,000 residents, arguably best known for the massive Lake Central High School and the Shrine of Christ's Passion tourist attraction, is part of the Tri-Town area with Schererville and Dyer. It's population has nearly doubled since 2000, making it the fastest-growing community in Northwest Indiana, according to U.S. Census figures.  24/7 Wall Street notes St. John's poverty rate is only 2.9 percent. By contrast, the poverty rate is 13.5 percent nationally and 15.2 percent in Indiana. "Although our town of St. John shares many of the same challenges that other communities do, we take great pride in our community and have employees that are the best in the business," Town Councilman Mark Barenie said. It isn't the first time St. John has won national recognition. CNN named the town the one of the 100 best places to live in the United States in 2009. 16 Buy Now Man found dead at Whiting's Whihala beach Lauren Cross lauren.cross@nwi.com, 219-933-3206 Updated May 26, 2017 WHITING —The Lake County coroner's office is seeking family members of a man found dead in about five feet of water Thursday morning at Whihala Beach.  The Indiana Department of Natural Resources' law enforcement division and the Whiting Police Department are jointly investigating the case with the coroner's office.  An IDNR spokesman reached Thursday afternoon said his department arrived on scene at about 9:30 a.m. The body was in about five feet of water, in large rocks that come down to the shoreline, a spokesman said.*  The man did not have any identity card or a wallet on him, according to IDNR. Whiting and Hammond police agencies are searching missing persons reports in the area, he said. The estimated time of death was midnight, the IDNR spokesman said.  The man found was described as Asian with black hair, 5 feet, 6 inches tall and weighing 176 pounds, according to the coroner's office.  He was wearing an extra large blue Hollister T-shirt, Aeropostle blue jeans size 33x32 and a Kenneth Cole brown belt. He was also wearing red and blue plaid boxers, Nike white ankle socks and size 10 Nike black gym shoes. There was no indication of foul play, according to the IDNR spokesman.  The manner and cause of death are pending upon the completion of toxicology reports, a coroner's office spokesman said. Anyone with information is asked to call the Lake County coroner's office at 219-755-3265. * Editor's note: This story has been updated from a previous version. A IDNR spokesman said the man's body was found in rocks that come down to the shoreline. 17 Zip line park zooms into Northwest Indiana this weekend Joseph S. Pete joseph.pete@nwi.com, 219-933-3316 Updated May 26, 2017 HOBART — Daring adventurers will be able to soar on zip lines among the tree tops in a new attraction near Hobart starting this weekend. Edge Adventures NW Indiana in Deep River Waterpark just outside Hobart opens for the season at 9 a.m. Saturdays. The privately operated aerial park, which requires a separate admission fee than the Lake County-run water park, includes zip lines, treetop trails that range from 16 to 60 feet in the air, and more than 50 aerial obstacles scattered throughout the forest canopy. "We are a great challenge and adventure for families and groups," operations manager Nick Holt said. "If you're looking for something challenging and different, come try us out."  South Carolina-based Edge Adventures invested $700,000 in the attraction, which includes a Kids Park for children 4 to 7 years old. It has more than a dozen zip lines visitors can ride while while clipped onto full-body safety harnesses. "For adventurers 8 years old and up, Edge Adventures NW Indiana also offers more than 50 challenging treetop obstacles and zip lines that provide thrills for everyone at every skill level," the company said in a news release. "Edge Adventures' use of the Quick Trekker Continuous Belay System ensures that adventurers are secured to a safety line throughout their entire journey through the tree-tops, from start to finish, unlike many of its competitors." Visitors get helmets, harnesses, belays, gloves and safety briefings before making their way through treetop obstacles that are inter-connected by zip lines. Edge Adventures staff assist them through the five course routes. The courses are self-guided, and grow progressively more challenging. The seasonal attraction will be open seven days a week from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. through the fall. Two hours at the park costs $39 or $29 for children 12 and younger, while three hours cost $49, or $39 for children 12 and younger. Each course takes 20 to 30 minutes to complete, Holt said. It's advised people sign up online in advance bceause space is limited. For more information, call 800-590-8347, email info@edgeadventureparks.com or visit www.edgeadventureparks.com. 18 Accidental shootings involving kids often go unpunished Nick Penzenstadler, Ryan J. Foley and Larry Fenn, Associated Press and USA TODAY Network Updated May 26, 2017 DURHAM, N.C. — Amy Pittman learned on her first day in jail to bottle up her grief. As soon as she arrived, guards took her shoelaces so she wouldn't try to hang herself. Cry too much or scream too loud, and she feared they would come back to take everything she had left — her clothes, a sheet, a plastic spork. But how could she not? How could anyone? Ten weeks before, Pittman was a single mom who worked overnight shifts as a gas station cashier to keep her three kids fed and clothed. Now, alone in a cinderblock cell, she faced criminal charges for not doing enough to protect them. She pictured her youngest, Christian, 9, in his coffin. Dead at the hands of his 12-year-old brother, who had accidentally shot him in the back. "Five minutes can change your whole life," said Pittman, 38. "I wish every day that I would have stayed home." Children younger than 12 die from gun accidents in the United States about once a week, on average. Almost every death begins with the same basic circumstances: an unsecured and loaded gun, a guardian's lapse in attention. And each ends with the same basic questions: Who is to blame, and should the person be punished? An investigation by the USA TODAY Network and The Associated Press found those questions are answered haphazardly across the nation. Nearly identical accidents can have markedly different outcomes. A shooting that leads to a prison sentence in one state can end with no prosecution in another. Similar cases, different outcomes In 2015, a baby sitter in North Carolina was charged with involuntary manslaughter when a 2-year-old she was watching shot herself with a 20-gauge shotgun she found on a table. Two months later, police and prosecutors in Colorado opted not to charge a baby sitter after a 9-year-old boy was shot by his brother. The sitter had briefly left the boys unattended, and they found his loaded .38 Special in his pickup. Grandparents in Detroit, both 65, faced manslaughter and weapons charges that could have sent them to prison for 17 years after their 5-year-old granddaughter found a loaded pistol under a pillow and shot herself in the neck. In Illinois, a grandmother pleaded guilty to a minor gun charge and received probation after a 6-year-old boy found a revolver in a bedroom closet and shot himself. In the days after the April 2014 death of Amy Pittman's son, the decision of whom to blame fell to Cindy Kenney, an assistant district attorney in Durham. She said Christian's death seemed to be no ordinary accident. Investigators said that in addition to the shotgun that killed Christian, they found a handgun under a mattress in a bedroom and an assault rifle in the closet. They found 100 rounds of ammunition in a grocery bag, and Kenney would later tell a judge that Pittman's underwear drawer "had more ammunition in it than it did panties." In a country with almost as many guns as there are people, it's not unusual to find loaded weapons within children's reach. One study published in 2008 in the journal Health Education Research found that firearms are present in about one-third of all homes with children nationwide. Guns in half those homes were kept unlocked; guns in one-sixth of them were kept loaded. Officials think some parents, guardians careless In that sense, the accident that killed Pittman's son was like many others. What set it apart, prosecutors said later, was that she should have known better. Kenney said someone had called the county's child welfare agency to say Pittman's children were seen chasing one another through the neighborhood with guns. A social services worker met with her, warned her that it was illegal to leave guns near unsupervised children, and offered to buy her a gun safe so she could secure them. Pittman's response, Kenney said later, was that the county should stay out of her business. Pittman tells a different story. She said she was never contacted by social services officials and insists she was unaware of the guns in her house, which belonged to her boyfriend. Prosecutors throughout the country say deciding whether to bring charges is seldom easy. Parents are suffering, and heaping a criminal prosecution on top of that grief may not do much to teach others to handle their guns more carefully. In some cases, the decision to seek charges can cost the surviving kids their parent. Kenney did not struggle with her decision. Less than three months after the shooting, a grand jury indicted Amy Pittman on charges of involuntary manslaughter and three counts of felony child abuse. Pittman dropped her kids with their grandmother and waited at a friend's house to be arrested. She wouldn't see them for almost a year and a half. Journalists from the USA TODAY Network and the AP spent months using information from the nonpartisan Gun Violence Archive, news reports and police records to examine all of the 152 accidents from 2014 to 2016 in which children younger than 12 either killed themselves or were mistakenly shot and killed by another child. The review found that about half of those deaths led to a criminal charge, usually against adults who police and prosecutors say should have watched the children more closely or secured their guns more carefully. The rest of the time, officials decided the grown-ups had broken no laws, or perhaps had simply suffered enough. In many cases, there was little to distinguish those deaths that led to a criminal charge from those that did not. Three other AP reporters and eight reporters from newspapers across the U.S. contributed to this report. Part of an ongoing collaboration between The Associated Press and the USA TODAY Network to examine issues related to gun violence in America. 19 Buy Now 2 NWI residents charged in Two Six gang investigation Sarah Reese sarah.reese@nwi.com, 219-933-3351 Updated May 26, 2017 CHICAGO — Two Northwest Indiana residents were among more than 45 members and associates of the Two Six street gang charged Friday following a two-year investigation into illegal drug and gun sales. Alexander Rivera, 26, of East Chicago, and Tara Zambrano, 24, of Griffith, each face one count of illegal possession of a firearm by a felon, records from the U.S. District Court in Chicago show. The investigation led by the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives resulted in federal charges against 21 people and state charges against 27. Many of the defendants live in Chicago, according to the U.S. attorney's office for the Northern District of Illinois. State and federal authorities involved in the investigation, called Operation Bunny Trap, uncovered the alleged criminal activity through undercover drug purchases and surveillance, according to a news release. Authorities seized 118 firearms, including several assault rifles and shotguns; 25 rounds of ammunition; two ballistic vests; more than 800 grams of cocaine; more than 250 grams of fentanyl; and more than 280 grams of crystal meth, the release said. The Two Six have been under investigation by federal and local law enforcement since 2014. The gang operates primarily on Chicago's South Side and surrounding suburbs, but also has ties to Indiana, Wisconsin, Texas, Georgia and Kansas, authorities said. According to a complaint, Rivera messaged a police informant via Facebook Aug. 27, 2016, that he had a new 12-gauge shotgun for sale. Rivera has a felony conviction and is believed to be a member of the Two Six, court records state. On Aug. 30, 2016, Rivera contacted the informant and they planned to meet at a Lowe's store at 8411 S. Holland Drive in Chicago, the complaint said. Rivera and Zambrano, also a felon, allegedly arrived together in a 2005 Ford Escape. Rivera and the informant did the Two Six handshake, and Rivera placed a gun case wrapped in a blanket into the informant's vehicle, court records said. Zambrano is accused of placing a box of ammunition into the vehicle. The informant paid Rivera $200 for the items, and they left the parking lot, according to court records.  20 Buy Now Portage cop cleared of wrongdoing in fatal shooting Bob Kasarda bob.kasarda@nwi.com, 219-548-4345 Updated 14 hrs ago VALPARAISO — A Portage police officer has been cleared of any wrongdoing in the April 22 shooting death of a local man during a traffic stop. "Officer (Grant) Crizer responded appropriately to the situation and his decision to discharge his weapon was done in the course of reasonable self-defense as a result of the actions taken by (William) Spates," according to a prepared statement from Porter County Prosecutor Brian Gensel. Portage Police Chief Troy Williams said in a prepared statement that Gensel's determination, "confirms that the response our officer took that evening based on Mr. Spates' actions were absolutely legal and justified just as I had expected." Pointing out that Spates had been arrested more than 20 times over the last 20 years, Williams said, "Mr. Spates attempted to murder our officer by running him down with his vehicle." Gensel revealed new details Friday about the events leading up to and during the shooting. The details are based on an investigation of the shooting by the Porter County Sheriff's Department and Indiana State Police. After Spates was arrested April 19 on charges of domestic battery and strangulation involving family members, he "made comments to the transporting officer about not wanting to live if he was taken away from his family and asking what it would take for the officer to shoot him," Gensel said. Spates was taken to jail where he was read the terms of an order preventing any further contact with his wife and their children, according to the press release. He was also prohibited from being in the area of the family home on Brown Street in Portage. "While incarcerated, Spates violated the no-contact order by attempting to call his wife numerous times," Gensel said. "The two spoke briefly during some of the calls and Spates was agitated and despondent." Spates bonded out of jail on April 21 and was supposed to stay in East Chicago with his mother. Crizer stopped a vehicle driven by Spates at 1:47 a.m. April 22 for allegedly disregarding a stop sign at Brown Street and Mulberry Avenue, Gensel said. Spates pulled into a driveway on Royal Street. "Spates gave false identification information and appeared very emotional, indicating that he 'messed up' and didn’t want to go back to jail," Gensel said. Spates reportedly ignored repeated requests by the officer to exit the vehicle, instead starting up the car in an attempt to leave. Crizer activated his Taser and struck Spates in the arm, according to the investigation. "Spates put the vehicle in reverse and rammed Crizer's vehicle parked behind him in an attempt to push it out of the way," Gensel said. "Crizer had to jump out of the way to avoid being hit by the open door. "Crizer went to the front of the vehicle with weapon drawn and continued to order Spates to comply," Gensel said. "At that point, Crizer observed Spates reach for the gear shift, believing that Spates intended to put the vehicle in forward and hit him. Crizer was boxed in by a fence and had no room to escape. He fired eight shots through the windshield and passenger window. Spates died from the gunshot wounds." Evidence collected from the scene, witness reports and statements from Spates' family about his recent state of mind back up the officer's story, Gensel said. Williams said, "While his family and friends mourn his death, I am thankful that our officer had the skills and training to survive this encounter. If not for Mr. Spates' own actions — let me say that again, Mr. Spates' own actions — he would still be here." "Officer Crizer will have to live with the decisions Mr. Spates chose that evening," Williams said. The Portage Police Department Shooting Review Board also found the shooting to be justified, Williams said. More like this... Tags Icymi Top Stories News Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Terry's Discount Windows & More 3152 Morthland Dr, Valparaiso, IN 46385 SCHEERINGAS FARM 9436 N CLINE AVE, HIGHLAND, IN 46322 Illiana Heating & Cooling 11407 Wicker Ave, Cedar Lake, IN 46303 Ads Re'new Home Center 506 East Summit Street, Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Duo spend 48 hours in Walmart for YouTube stunt - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Justice For Isabel Arizona Politics Great Things Happen Here Border News Late Alabama hiker inspires others to finish Appalachian Trail Business Traffic map SLIDESHOWS Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Flight tracker Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 SLIDESHOWS Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Sign up for email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community AZ WEEKEND Discover Arizona See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Pet Connection Pet Pals Speaker Request Events Lifestyle About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win tickets to the Summer Safari Nights at Reid Park Zoo Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Duo spend 48 hours in Walmart for YouTube stunt 2017-05-27T15:28:47Z2017-05-27T15:28:47Z Christian and Noah show their progress. (Source: WXIN via CNN) BLOOMINGTON, IN (WXIN/CNN) - It's a stunt that has been attempted before, but until now no one had succeeded. But two Indiana University students conquered the challenge of staying in a Walmart store for 48 hours straight. The challenge was recorded and shared as part of a YouTube stunt for The Christian and Noah Show. "It was awful, really," Christian said. The video has more than 24,000 views, which is low by YouTube viral standards, but the story was picked up by major outlets, including "The Today Show." For two nights, the duo slept in the store on shelves behind boxes, ate at the store's Subway restaurant, played with toys in the aisles and even got a haircut. "The weirdest thing for me was when we were trying to go to sleep because we were so paranoid," Noah said. "Like, what if someone wakes us up in the middle of our sleeping and kicks us out?" They said they knew this was the video that could get them national attention, and that’s exactly what happened. "The concept is basically to showcase our humor, to make funny stuff that we think is funny and we think other people find it funny," Christian said. "If you visualize something and you believe it with all your heart, it will come to you, but you have to work for it." The pair have been friends since the third grade and plan to move to Los Angeles after graduation from Indiana's film school to pursue their passion for film and entertainment together. "To anyone in particular that's trying to make a YouTube channel or make a living off the internet is don't be afraid to be weird," Noah said. "You're not going to make it doing something that everyone else is already doing." You can watch their video here: Copyright 2017 WXIN via CNN. All rights reserved. Social media newsMore>> Zuckerberg urges Harvard grads to build a world of 'purpose' Zuckerberg urges Harvard grads to build a world of 'purpose' Posted: Sunday, May 28 2017 12:56 AM EDT2017-05-28 04:56:53 GMT Updated: Sunday, May 28 2017 1:57 AM EDT2017-05-28 05:57:51 GMT Mark Zuckerberg is giving a commencement speech at Harvard, the university he dropped out of to create Facebook. Mark Zuckerberg is giving a commencement speech at Harvard, the university he dropped out of to create Facebook. Duo spend 48 hours in Walmart for YouTube stunt Duo spend 48 hours in Walmart for YouTube stunt Posted: Saturday, May 27 2017 11:28 AM EDT2017-05-27 15:28:47 GMT Updated: Saturday, May 27 2017 11:28 AM EDT2017-05-27 15:28:47 GMT For two nights, the duo slept in the store on shelves behind boxes, ate at the store's Subway restaurant, played with toys in the aisles and even got a haircut. For two nights, the duo slept in the store on shelves behind boxes, ate at the store's Subway restaurant, played with toys in the aisles and even got a haircut. From fame to shame: Playmate to do time scrubbing graffiti From fame to shame: Playmate to do time scrubbing graffiti Posted: Thursday, May 25 2017 9:27 AM EDT2017-05-25 13:27:23 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 25 2017 9:31 AM EDT2017-05-25 13:31:59 GMT A Playboy centerfold who snapped a photo of a naked 71-year-old woman in a gym locker room and posted it on social media with insults about the woman's body is expected to appear in court to resolve a criminal... A Playboy centerfold who snapped a photo of a naked 71-year-old woman in a gym locker room and posted it on social media with insults about the woman's body is expected to appear in court to resolve a criminal charge in Los Angeles. App gives parents real-time view of classroom Posted: Wednesday, May 24 2017 5:32 PM EDT2017-05-24 21:32:49 GMT Updated: Wednesday, May 24 2017 5:39 PM EDT2017-05-24 21:39:10 GMT An app called ClassDojo allows teachers and students to share what happens in real time and is used in more than 130 countries.  An app called ClassDojo allows teachers and students to share what happens in real time and is used in more than 130 countries.  Twitter leader laments social media role in Trump's election Twitter leader laments social media role in Trump's election Posted: Tuesday, May 23 2017 8:24 PM EDT2017-05-24 00:24:00 GMT Updated: Tuesday, May 23 2017 8:24 PM EDT2017-05-24 00:24:00 GMT A co-founder of Twitter says he's sorry if the popular social media platform helped put Donald Trump in the White House, as the president has suggested. A co-founder of Twitter says he's sorry if the popular social media platform helped put Donald Trump in the White House, as the president has suggested.    Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Parental leave is so rare in the US that Hobby Lobby's CEO didn't even know if he offered it Dan Bobkoff May 27, 2017, 9:00 AM 2,049 facebook linkedin twitter email print David Green, Hobby Lobby CEO, in an interview with Business Insider in April 2017. Business Insider Last month, David Green, the CEO of the craft retailer Hobby Lobby, came to Business Insider’s office to promote a book called "Giving it All Away," in which he writes at length about generosity in business and in life. Green is an evangelical Christian, and Hobby Lobby famously sued the US government so that it would stop paying for four contraceptives that Green believes cause abortions. He won. When we asked him whether Hobby Lobby offers parental leave, he was stumped. "I don’t think so," Green said. "We offer a lot of things." It turns out Hobby Lobby does not have a dedicated parental-leave plan. And it's not a surprise. Paid parental leave, already a rarity in the US, is even harder to find in the retail sector. "It may be typical, but it’s certainly not acceptable when you think about what it is that working people need, and particularly people working retail at relatively low wages," said Vicki Shabo, vice president at the National Partnership for Women and Families, an advocacy organization. But that’s beginning to change. A few retailers, such as Nordstrom and IKEA, recently announced high-profile parental-leave policies. President Trump, prodded by his daughter Ivanka, reignited the debate over paid leave by setting aside money in his administration’s budget proposal, but a lot could change as Congress debates priorities. If it succeeds, it would be a big change for the US. As of last year, just 13% of US workers received at least part of their paychecks for a period after a child is born. Mothers are more likely than fathers to receive paid time off, but that gap is narrowing. In retail, with a workforce that’s often part-time and paid hourly, only 7% of workers have access to paid parental leave. "You can start to think why this would be if you start thinking of some rules employers could have regarding eligibility," Brian Giffords, research director at the Integrated Benefits Institute, told Business Insider. Many employers offer paid leave only to full-time workers, for instance. Some like Starbucks have tiers, where salaried white-collar workers have policies three times more generous than those offered to baristas. In the lobby A Hobby Lobby in Glen Allen, Virginia. Business Insider/Hayley Peterson At a Hobby Lobby in Glen Allen, Virginia, eight employees are stocking shelves. It’s a no-frills maze of craft supplies and knickknacks. The store’s front-line workers are almost all women, and they range in age from 20s to near retirement age. One woman, who appeared to be in her 20s or 30s, said she was brand new and had no idea what the parental-leave policy was. Another said vacation policies, one way to take a little time off after a pregnancy, vary by position and how long they’d worked at Hobby Lobby. None of the women were willing to give their names, and all employees were quick to refer a reporter to a manager, who said to call customer service. They also couldn’t recall having a colleague who’d been pregnant while working there. Retail reproduction Retail is a low-wage industry under immense pressure from online stores and changing shopping habits. The argument against providing paid leave is that it will cost companies money, encouraging them to close stores or replace as many employees as they can with automation like self-checkout lines. A Hobby Lobby store. Business Insider/Hayley Peterson Michael’s, another craft store, offers no paid leave. Costco wouldn’t say, but doesn’t list the benefit on its website. Walmart says full-time hourly workers get 6-8 weeks of paid maternity leave. The company says the majority of its workforce is full-time. But for most retail workers, many of whom work part-time, taking time off for a new child is a combination of cobbling together whatever vacation days, sick time, and disability benefits they qualify for. After that, the Family Medical Leave Act provides for up to 12 weeks of unpaid time off without losing their jobs. Hobby Lobby’s answer to all this is to pay more and close on Sundays, rather than offer more paid time off. It pays one of the highest wages in the industry, at a base rate of $15.70 an hour. "That goes a long ways," Green, the CEO, said. "When you pay someone twice what you’re having to pay for them, there’s a lot of monies that can be used for a lot of various reasons." But research shows offering paid maternity leave can have a big effect on the health of a mother and child. Mothers and children are about 10% less likely to die when the mother has time off. Mothers with leave are more likely to breastfeed, reducing illnesses. And they’re shown to bond better with their children. The US is one of only a few nations without a mandatory paid-leave program. "The other three countries are not countries that the United States is thrilled to be ranked with," Jay Zagorsky, a research scientist at the Ohio State University, told Business Insider. The other countries are Swaziland, Lesotho, and Papua New Guinea. Zagorsky looked at how paid parental-leave offerings have changed in the US over the past quarter century, and he found that paid time off for fathers is increasing rapidly. Overall, the number of women on maternity leave has been flat since 1994. In that same period, the number of fathers taking leave averaged about 6,000 men per month. Now it’s about 22,000. "That’s pretty dramatic," Zagorsky said. "However, we’re basically having about 4 million births each year, so saying that 22,000 men are on paternity leave is not a very big number." Leave inequality Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer took two weeks off after giving birth. AP Photo Something happened recently. All of a sudden, US businesses and lawmakers are talking a lot about paid leave. "Honestly, it seems like this issue of paid parental leave came out of nowhere," Giffords said. He and others say a few things started happening around 2014 to bring this issue to the forefront. Yahoo hired Marissa Meyer as CEO, sparking a conversation about motherhood in business when she took only two weeks off after giving birth. She then doubled the company’s family leave. And the economy recovered from the Great Recession (the recession that began in December 2007 and became the longest and deepest since the Great Depression of the 1930s). As it neared "full employment," employers — especially in competitive white-collar professions like technology — started one-upping one another with new perks. "When the labor market is looking the most robust, this is where inequities start popping up in the labor market," Zagorsky said. "The best paid workers, the workers with the best benefits, start getting all sorts of eye-popping things." Spotify, the music-streaming service based in Sweden, offers new mothers and fathers six full months of paid leave, even in the US. Companies soon learned they could use generous fringe benefits to get positive press. "When else do you see routine HR benefits rules showing up in press releases," Giffords said. A few retailers have joined in. Starting on May 1, the high-end department store Nordstrom started giving new moms up to 12 weeks of paid leave. Spokeswoman Emily Sterken credited "feedback from our employees helped bring us to this new approach." And at IKEA, US hourly workers now have up to four months paid leave. RaceTrac, a line of convenience stores, even offers eight weeks of paid time off to fathers who’ve worked for the chain at least a year. Ivanka Trump is said to have influenced the administration's parental-leave proposal. Mark Wilson/Getty Images But in general, the most generous policies are in finance and technology, highly paid white-collar industries where competition for talent is strong, and women are historically under-represented. In our interview, when asked whether he would consider offering paid leave for new mothers and fathers, CEO Green said he’d "look into it." When we followed up, Hobby Lobby spokesman Bob Miller sent this statement: "The Company provides generous paid personal time off and vacation that all eligible employees may use for the birth or adoption of a child." 'Jarring juxtaposition' President Trump’s budget proposal includes a new entitlement program: six weeks of paid leave, including for fathers and those who adopt. It’s expected to cost about $19 billion over a decade and be paid for by the states, which could increase taxes. It’s unclear if Trump can muster support for the program from congressional Republicans. A small number of states, including California and New York, mandate some kind of paid leave. But Trump's proposal shows that parental leave is now a top issue. And while policies are typically down in the weeds of a company’s human-resources department, often at a level most CEOs are not aware, the rise of the issue made Green’s familiarity with contraception but not parental leave more striking. "It does have kind of a jarring juxtaposition," Giffords said. "Whether or not a company is going to include contraception in its healthcare policy is a reflection of an organization’s values and the values in its leadership." And he said, for most companies, it’s a very small proportion of workers who take parental time off in a given year. "This might not be a really expensive proposition," he said. Additional reporting by Hayley Peterson in Virginia and Mary Hanbury in New York. SEE ALSO: A company with ties to an arms dealer wants you to invest DON'T MISS: There's another way people in expensive cities are 'penalized,' and they might not know it NOW WATCH: People are trolling Dove on Twitter for releasing new soap bottles for different body types Loading video... More: Hobby Lobby Parental Leave Maternity Trump facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Parental leave is so rare in the US that Hobby Lobby's CEO didn't even know if he offered it Parental leave is so rare in the US that Hobby Lobby's CEO didn't even know if he offered it Last month, David Green, the CEO of the craft... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: Bitcoin could go to $1 million (or fall to $0) More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
News Mugshots Obituaries Trade or Sell Events Church Community How To Add Events Add Event Community Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Community Links WTSB Listen WTSB Streaming Audio Program Schedule 1090 AM 105.5 FM Radio Coverage Map Carl’s Book WMPM Contact Us Search 71.9 F Smithfield, NC Sunday, May 28, 2017 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. JoCo Report News Mugshots Obituaries Trade or Sell Events Church Community How To Add Events Add Event Community Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Community Links WTSB Listen WTSB Streaming Audio Program Schedule 1090 AM 105.5 FM Radio Coverage Map Carl’s Book WMPM Contact Us Home News Man Shot With Pellet Gun In Wal-Mart Parking Lot News Man Shot With Pellet Gun In Wal-Mart Parking Lot May 27, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet No charges will be filed against a 24 year-old man who allegedly shot himself with a pellet gun. The incident was reported around 11:00pm Thursday in the parking lot of Wal-Mart in Smithfield. Police said the man, who is from Jefferson, Georgia, was inside a motor home in the parking area. While loading a pellet gun he shot himself in the side. He was transported by ambulance to Johnston Medical Center for treatment. Police announced Friday the individual will not face any charges, saying the incident was accidental. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articlePolice Investigating Break-Ins Next articleCamels Eliminated From Big South Championship With Narrow 6-5 Loss Writer RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR News Camels Eliminated From Big South Championship With Narrow 6-5 Loss News Police Investigating Break-Ins News 5th Grader Wins Spelling Bee Follow Us Most Popular This Week DWI Suspect Nearly Strikes Deputy May 22, 2017 Driver Killed In Fiery Crash Identified May 23, 2017 Stolen $50,000 Corvette Recovered May 22, 2017 Recent Posts Camels Eliminated From Big South Championship With Narrow 6-5 Loss Man Shot With Pellet Gun In Wal-Mart Parking Lot Police Investigating Break-Ins 5th Grader Wins Spelling Bee ABOUT USJoCoReport.com provides you with the latest in local news from Johnston and surrounding counties. Check back daily to get the latest news for your area. Contact us: Info@JoCoReport.com FOLLOW US © 2017 Lamm Media Group MORE STORIES 0 Camels Eliminated From Big South Championship With Narrow 6-5 Loss May 27, 2017 0 Police Investigating Break-Ins May 27, 2017
Search Primary Menu Skip to content Wind Energy Other renewables Grids Electric Vehicle System Operator Batteries Pumping system OpEd Español Search for: Evwind, News Menu, OpEd, System Operator, Uncategorized, Wind Energy, wind energy Wind energy customers discuss what comes after PTC phase out May 27, 2017 reve American wind power’s future growth will be driven by a diverse range of customers and trends. Leaders representing a corporate purchaser, deregulated utility, a public utility commissioner, and a wind developer, discussed a few of those trends – demand from diverse customers, transmission expansion, falling costs, and storytelling – on the closing General Session panel as the WINDPOWER 2017 Conference wrapped up this week in Anaheim.   There are many customers for wind energy, including utilities, Fortune 500 brands, cities, and universities. Demand is strong because low, stable prices for wind help these companies and organizations improve their bottom line while also helping them reach sustainability targets. “If you look at our panel, you have a developer, a utility, a regulator, and a corporate purchaser,” said Rob Threlkeld, Global Manager, Renewable Energy, for General Motors. “There’s your message. We’re at the point where wind and solar have become mainstream technology.” General Motors has signed several long term contracts for wind energy, including to supply an assembly plant in Arlington, Texas, that makes 1,000 SUVs a day. The company has also committed to RE100, to source all of their global electric power from renewable sources by 2050. GM isn’t alone, other Fortune 500 brands including Amazon, Microsoft, and Walmart have all purchased wind energy. Threlkeld added, “Look at GM’s supply chain. How many thousands of suppliers we have that are interested in renewable energy as well.” “By continuing to get cost competitive, continuing to improve the wind energy product – it’s already great – you’ll capture a lot of potential customers out there, not only public utilities and corporate purchasers, but municipal utilities, rural co-ops, and other entities,” said Buzz Miller, President and CEO, Southern Power, a deregulated utility and power producer. Miller added, “Whether it’s electric vehicles or renewables, what customers want will ultimately drive it.” Expanding and upgrading our nation’s vital electric transmission infrastructure can help connect world-class U.S. wind resources to load centers like cities and factories. That will help save consumers money and boost the reliability and resiliency of the U.S. electricity supply. “Wind can stay attractive. You fix some of the transmission issues around, keep vibrant, and we can get through that [the PTC phase out],” said Miller. Wind power has grown rapidly over the last few years. Rapidly changing technology and falling costs have resulted in wind supplying over 5 percent of U.S. electricity, and more than 20 percent of electricity in five states. Wind power also supports over 100,000 American jobs. Telling the story – how wind works for America – is more important than ever. “We have massive room to grow in telling the story of wind power,” said Miller. “One of the greatest infrastructure successes is tied to the wind energy PTC, thousands of megawatts, billions of dollars of investment, and the jobs that go with it.” AWEA CEO Tom Kiernan in his remarks and columns this week in trade media described 16 trends that will continue to buoy the industry beyond 2020, once the wind energy Production Tax Credit (PTC) completes its current phase out. They include the falling cost of wind energy, expanding state policies like California’s, and upgrades to the nation’s power grid and transmission infrastructure. WINDPOWER 2018 heads to Chicago As thousands of attendees head home from Anaheim, show organizers reflected on success this year while looking ahead to WINDPOWER 2018, May 7-10 in Chicago. “WINDPOWER in Anaheim brought more action than ever to the show floor,” said Jana Adams, AWEA Senior Vice President of Membership Value and Experience. “From the design of our exhibit space, to the broadcasting of our general sessions, and spotlight on new exhibitors, we’re maximizing opportunities to make connections and ink new deals.” Attendee Neal Gyngard agreed, “The biggest thing out of this, is to finally get to meet some of these people I’ve emailed with for years. You’re chatting with someone at WINDPOWER and you realize they helped you get a torque wrench three years ago. And the reception at Angel Stadium, that was an awesome way to kick it off, so much fun.” Gyngard organizes a network of wind turbine technicians, the “Tower Climbing Grease Monkeys”. Adams added, “We’ve already sold over 90 percent of the exhibit space for next year’s conference. We think you’ll be blown away when WINDPOWER 2018 arrives in the Windy City.” A media kit for the conference is available here: www.awea.org/WINDPOWER2017MediaKit American Wind Energy AssociationAWEAeólicaPTCU.S.wind energy Post navigation Previous PostSpain to hold a new 3,000 MW renewable energy auction Follow us in social media Become a member of AEE Do you want to be an E-Ambassador? Click here Subscribe me Name:* Email:* * This field is required Tag Cloud Acciona AEE aerogeneradores Argentina Asociación Empresarial Eólica AWEA Brasil Chile China CO2 coche eléctrico concentrated solar power Concentrating Solar Power CSP Enel Green Power energías renovables España EV eólica Eólica marina eólico Fotovoltaica Gamesa GE Iberdrola India Latinoamérica México offshore photovoltaic Protermosolar PV renewable energy Siemens solar energy Solar Power termosolar U.S. UK Vestas wind-farm Wind Energy wind energy wind power África Home About us About wind energy What is wind energy? The advantages About the electric vehicle Definition and types Wind energy and The Electric Vehicle V2G Grids Contact us Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 Spanish Reve          Spanish Wind Energy Association          The blog of AEE          Convention Wind and Global Wind Day          Creating Web Design and applications viaintermedia
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Parental leave is so rare in the US that Hobby Lobby's CEO didn't even know if he offered it Dan Bobkoff May 27, 2017, 9:00 AM 2,049 facebook linkedin twitter email print David Green, Hobby Lobby CEO, in an interview with Business Insider in April 2017. Business Insider Last month, David Green, the CEO of the craft retailer Hobby Lobby, came to Business Insider’s office to promote a book called "Giving it All Away," in which he writes at length about generosity in business and in life. Green is an evangelical Christian, and Hobby Lobby famously sued the US government so that it would stop paying for four contraceptives that Green believes cause abortions. He won. When we asked him whether Hobby Lobby offers parental leave, he was stumped. "I don’t think so," Green said. "We offer a lot of things." It turns out Hobby Lobby does not have a dedicated parental-leave plan. And it's not a surprise. Paid parental leave, already a rarity in the US, is even harder to find in the retail sector. "It may be typical, but it’s certainly not acceptable when you think about what it is that working people need, and particularly people working retail at relatively low wages," said Vicki Shabo, vice president at the National Partnership for Women and Families, an advocacy organization. But that’s beginning to change. A few retailers, such as Nordstrom and IKEA, recently announced high-profile parental-leave policies. President Trump, prodded by his daughter Ivanka, reignited the debate over paid leave by setting aside money in his administration’s budget proposal, but a lot could change as Congress debates priorities. If it succeeds, it would be a big change for the US. As of last year, just 13% of US workers received at least part of their paychecks for a period after a child is born. Mothers are more likely than fathers to receive paid time off, but that gap is narrowing. In retail, with a workforce that’s often part-time and paid hourly, only 7% of workers have access to paid parental leave. "You can start to think why this would be if you start thinking of some rules employers could have regarding eligibility," Brian Giffords, research director at the Integrated Benefits Institute, told Business Insider. Many employers offer paid leave only to full-time workers, for instance. Some like Starbucks have tiers, where salaried white-collar workers have policies three times more generous than those offered to baristas. In the lobby A Hobby Lobby in Glen Allen, Virginia. Business Insider/Hayley Peterson At a Hobby Lobby in Glen Allen, Virginia, eight employees are stocking shelves. It’s a no-frills maze of craft supplies and knickknacks. The store’s front-line workers are almost all women, and they range in age from 20s to near retirement age. One woman, who appeared to be in her 20s or 30s, said she was brand new and had no idea what the parental-leave policy was. Another said vacation policies, one way to take a little time off after a pregnancy, vary by position and how long they’d worked at Hobby Lobby. None of the women were willing to give their names, and all employees were quick to refer a reporter to a manager, who said to call customer service. They also couldn’t recall having a colleague who’d been pregnant while working there. Retail reproduction Retail is a low-wage industry under immense pressure from online stores and changing shopping habits. The argument against providing paid leave is that it will cost companies money, encouraging them to close stores or replace as many employees as they can with automation like self-checkout lines. A Hobby Lobby store. Business Insider/Hayley Peterson Michael’s, another craft store, offers no paid leave. Costco wouldn’t say, but doesn’t list the benefit on its website. Walmart says full-time hourly workers get 6-8 weeks of paid maternity leave. The company says the majority of its workforce is full-time. But for most retail workers, many of whom work part-time, taking time off for a new child is a combination of cobbling together whatever vacation days, sick time, and disability benefits they qualify for. After that, the Family Medical Leave Act provides for up to 12 weeks of unpaid time off without losing their jobs. Hobby Lobby’s answer to all this is to pay more and close on Sundays, rather than offer more paid time off. It pays one of the highest wages in the industry, at a base rate of $15.70 an hour. "That goes a long ways," Green, the CEO, said. "When you pay someone twice what you’re having to pay for them, there’s a lot of monies that can be used for a lot of various reasons." But research shows offering paid maternity leave can have a big effect on the health of a mother and child. Mothers and children are about 10% less likely to die when the mother has time off. Mothers with leave are more likely to breastfeed, reducing illnesses. And they’re shown to bond better with their children. The US is one of only a few nations without a mandatory paid-leave program. "The other three countries are not countries that the United States is thrilled to be ranked with," Jay Zagorsky, a research scientist at the Ohio State University, told Business Insider. The other countries are Swaziland, Lesotho, and Papua New Guinea. Zagorsky looked at how paid parental-leave offerings have changed in the US over the past quarter century, and he found that paid time off for fathers is increasing rapidly. Overall, the number of women on maternity leave has been flat since 1994. In that same period, the number of fathers taking leave averaged about 6,000 men per month. Now it’s about 22,000. "That’s pretty dramatic," Zagorsky said. "However, we’re basically having about 4 million births each year, so saying that 22,000 men are on paternity leave is not a very big number." Leave inequality Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer took two weeks off after giving birth. AP Photo Something happened recently. All of a sudden, US businesses and lawmakers are talking a lot about paid leave. "Honestly, it seems like this issue of paid parental leave came out of nowhere," Giffords said. He and others say a few things started happening around 2014 to bring this issue to the forefront. Yahoo hired Marissa Meyer as CEO, sparking a conversation about motherhood in business when she took only two weeks off after giving birth. She then doubled the company’s family leave. And the economy recovered from the Great Recession (the recession that began in December 2007 and became the longest and deepest since the Great Depression of the 1930s). As it neared "full employment," employers — especially in competitive white-collar professions like technology — started one-upping one another with new perks. "When the labor market is looking the most robust, this is where inequities start popping up in the labor market," Zagorsky said. "The best paid workers, the workers with the best benefits, start getting all sorts of eye-popping things." Spotify, the music-streaming service based in Sweden, offers new mothers and fathers six full months of paid leave, even in the US. Companies soon learned they could use generous fringe benefits to get positive press. "When else do you see routine HR benefits rules showing up in press releases," Giffords said. A few retailers have joined in. Starting on May 1, the high-end department store Nordstrom started giving new moms up to 12 weeks of paid leave. Spokeswoman Emily Sterken credited "feedback from our employees helped bring us to this new approach." And at IKEA, US hourly workers now have up to four months paid leave. RaceTrac, a line of convenience stores, even offers eight weeks of paid time off to fathers who’ve worked for the chain at least a year. Ivanka Trump is said to have influenced the administration's parental-leave proposal. Mark Wilson/Getty Images But in general, the most generous policies are in finance and technology, highly paid white-collar industries where competition for talent is strong, and women are historically under-represented. In our interview, when asked whether he would consider offering paid leave for new mothers and fathers, CEO Green said he’d "look into it." When we followed up, Hobby Lobby spokesman Bob Miller sent this statement: "The Company provides generous paid personal time off and vacation that all eligible employees may use for the birth or adoption of a child." 'Jarring juxtaposition' President Trump’s budget proposal includes a new entitlement program: six weeks of paid leave, including for fathers and those who adopt. It’s expected to cost about $19 billion over a decade and be paid for by the states, which could increase taxes. It’s unclear if Trump can muster support for the program from congressional Republicans. A small number of states, including California and New York, mandate some kind of paid leave. But Trump's proposal shows that parental leave is now a top issue. And while policies are typically down in the weeds of a company’s human-resources department, often at a level most CEOs are not aware, the rise of the issue made Green’s familiarity with contraception but not parental leave more striking. "It does have kind of a jarring juxtaposition," Giffords said. "Whether or not a company is going to include contraception in its healthcare policy is a reflection of an organization’s values and the values in its leadership." And he said, for most companies, it’s a very small proportion of workers who take parental time off in a given year. "This might not be a really expensive proposition," he said. Additional reporting by Hayley Peterson in Virginia and Mary Hanbury in New York. SEE ALSO: A company with ties to an arms dealer wants you to invest DON'T MISS: There's another way people in expensive cities are 'penalized,' and they might not know it NOW WATCH: People are trolling Dove on Twitter for releasing new soap bottles for different body types Loading video... More: Hobby Lobby Parental Leave Maternity Trump facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Parental leave is so rare in the US that Hobby Lobby's CEO didn't even know if he offered it Parental leave is so rare in the US that Hobby Lobby's CEO didn't even know if he offered it Last month, David Green, the CEO of the craft... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: Bitcoin could go to $1 million (or fall to $0) More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman WINDPOWER 2017 closes with an eye on 2020 Diverse wind energy customers discuss what comes after PTC phase out May 26, 2017 ANAHEIM, Calif. — American wind power’s future growth will be driven by a diverse range of customers and trends. Leaders representing a corporate purchaser, deregulated utility, a public utility commissioner, and a wind developer, discussed a few of those trends – demand from diverse customers, transmission expansion, falling costs, and storytelling – on the closing General Session panel as the WINDPOWER 2017 Conference wrapped up this week in Anaheim. There are many customers for wind energy, including utilities, Fortune 500 brands, cities, and universities. Demand is strong because low, stable prices for wind help these companies and organizations improve their bottom line while also helping them reach sustainability targets. “If you look at our panel, you have a developer, a utility, a regulator, and a corporate purchaser,” said Rob Threlkeld, Global Manager, Renewable Energy, for General Motors. “There’s your message. We’re at the point where wind and solar have become mainstream technology.” General Motors has signed several long term contracts for wind energy, including to supply an assembly plant in Arlington, Texas, that makes 1,000 SUVs a day. The company has also committed to RE100, to source all of their global electric power from renewable sources by 2050. GM isn’t alone, other Fortune 500 brands including Amazon, Microsoft, and Walmart have all purchased wind energy. Threlkeld added, “Look at GM’s supply chain. How many thousands of suppliers we have that are interested in renewable energy as well.” “By continuing to get cost competitive, continuing to improve the wind energy product – it’s already great – you’ll capture a lot of potential customers out there, not only public utilities and corporate purchasers, but municipal utilities, rural co-ops, and other entities,” said Buzz Miller, President and CEO, Southern Power, a deregulated utility and power producer. Miller added, “Whether it’s electric vehicles or renewables, what customers want will ultimately drive it.” Expanding and upgrading our nation’s vital electric transmission infrastructure can help connect world-class U.S. wind resources to load centers like cities and factories. That will help save consumers money and boost the reliability and resiliency of the U.S. electricity supply. “Wind can stay attractive. You fix some of the transmission issues around, keep vibrant, and we can get through that [the PTC phase out],” said Miller. Wind power has grown rapidly over the last few years. Rapidly changing technology and falling costs have resulted in wind supplying over 5 percent of U.S. electricity, and more than 20 percent of electricity in five states. Wind power also supports over 100,000 American jobs. Telling the story – how wind works for America – is more important than ever. “We have massive room to grow in telling the story of wind power,” said Miller. “One of the greatest infrastructure successes is tied to the wind energy PTC, thousands of megawatts, billions of dollars of investment, and the jobs that go with it.” AWEA CEO Tom Kiernan in his remarks and columns this week in trade media described 16 trends that will continue to buoy the industry beyond 2020, once the wind energy Production Tax Credit (PTC) completes its current phase out. They include the falling cost of wind energy, expanding state policies like California’s, and upgrades to the nation’s power grid and transmission infrastructure. WINDPOWER 2018 heads to Chicago As thousands of attendees head home from Anaheim, show organizers reflected on success this year while looking ahead to WINDPOWER 2018, May 7-10 in Chicago. “WINDPOWER in Anaheim brought more action than ever to the show floor,” said Jana Adams, AWEA Senior Vice President of Membership Value and Experience. “From the design of our exhibit space, to the broadcasting of our general sessions, and spotlight on new exhibitors, we’re maximizing opportunities to make connections and ink new deals.” Attendee Neal Gyngard agreed, “The biggest thing out of this, is to finally get to meet some of these people I’ve emailed with for years. You’re chatting with someone at WINDPOWER and you realize they helped you get a torque wrench three years ago. And the reception at Angel Stadium, that was an awesome way to kick it off, so much fun.” Gyngard organizes a network of wind turbine technicians, the “Tower Climbing Grease Monkeys”. Adams added, “We’ve already sold over 90 percent of the exhibit space for next year’s conference. We think you’ll be blown away when WINDPOWER 2018 arrives in the Windy City.” A media kit for the conference is available here: www.awea.org/WINDPOWER2017MediaKit      ### AWEA is the national trade association of the U.S. wind energy industry. We represent 1,000 member companies and over 100,000 jobs in the U.S. economy, serving as a powerful voice for how wind works for America. Members include global leaders in wind power and energy development, turbine manufacturing, and component and service suppliers. They gather each year at the Western Hemisphere’s largest wind power trade show, the AWEA WINDPOWER Conference & Exhibition, next in Anaheim, California, May 22-26, 2017. Find information about wind energy on the AWEA website. Gain insight into industry issues on AWEA’s blog, Into the Wind. And please join us on , and follow @AWEA on . CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Welding Fire Blankets market expected to grow at a CAGR of 3.00% during the period 2017-2021 Including Key Players Auburn Manufacturing, ESAB, Steiner Industries Next PostNext United States Thermoplastics Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Search Recent Posts USMA Creates Soldiers Who Are Best When Times Are Worst, Mattis Says Trump Pleased With Results of First Overseas Trip Long backup mostly clear on I-17 northbound leaving Phoenix G7 Fails to Provide Humane Response to Global Displacement Crisis EQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Files Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against General Motors Company – GM Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
  Community Video Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Special Series Featured Partners Best Deals Best Reviews Top Fashion Sheknows TV Guide Community Video Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes All Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Special Series Featured Partners Best Deals Best Reviews Top Fashion Sheknows TV Guide Facebook Twitter60.1k Pinterest161k Google Plus5.6k Sign up for our Newsletters Contact Us Advertise AdChoices Careers Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Use About us SheKnows Family SheKnows Canada SheKnows UK SheKnows Australia BlogHer Soaps StyleCaster DailyMakeover DrinksMixer SheKnows Media ‐ Beauty and Style 14614 North Kierland Boulevard S150 Scottsdale, AZ 85254 Phone: (480) 237-7100 Contact: corporate.sheknows.com © Copyright 2003-2017 SheKnows, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Connect with Facebook Connect with Twitter Connect with Google SheKnows Connect Create an account Sign out Start writing Video Share Tweet Pin Share Share this Story Share Tweet Pin Share Stumble Share CopyCopied! Email Print What would you like to know? Search results for: BEAUTY & STYLE 10 Things No One Ever Told You About Coloring Your Hair NEXT STORY How to Fix Split Ends Without Cutting Them 5 hours ago by STYLECASTER STYLECASTER delivers your daily forecast of need-to-know fashion, beauty, entertainment, and lifestyle intel. Practical and modern, we give readers the tools they need to lead a more stylish life. View Profile Image: Todor Tsvetkov/Getty Images Print 8 things you can do to avoid split ends Share Tweet Pin Share Tumble Combined comments & shares on social media There’s no hair enemy as fierce and unyielding as the much-dreaded split end — so when experts offer up advice on how to get rid of split ends without cutting, you know we’re listening. “Split ends occur when the protective outer layer of the hair cuticle wears away because of external stressors such as heat styling and salon chemical services,” explains Amy Abramite, creative director and stylist at Chicago’s Maxine Salon. “Once the internal structure of the hair is exposed, it becomes weakened, dehydrated and damaged, causing split ends.” More: The Kardashians’ Hairstylist Says This Will Be 2017’s Most Popular Haircut The only proven split end treatment method is to have them snipped off, but we asked around and found several things you can do between salon appointments to improve the look of damage and prevent more splits from occurring. Use a wide-tooth comb After you apply conditioner in the shower, slowly run a wide-tooth comb through hair until all the tangles are out. This prevents the snaps and breakage you can incur when you try to brush out hair that is roughed up from a towel-dry, advises Jessie James, stylist at New York’s Marie Robinson salon. Mind your heat tools That bargain-bin blow-dryer may be a tempting purchase, but inexpensive tools tend to dangerously overheat over time and burn ends into splits, warns James. Instead, use a top-rated economical brand like Conair Infiniti Pro 259Y (Walmart, $24.94), or invest in a professional-grade dryer like BaBylissPro Volare V1 Dryer with Ferrari Designed Engine (Ulta, $179.95). Go gentle “Imagine wearing a silk blouse every single day. It would get pretty beat up. Treat your hair like an expensive fabric, and it will last longer and look better,” says Natasha Sunshine, owner of Santa Monica’s Byu-Ti Salon. Use only covered elastics with no metal piece, like those made by Goody, to tie hair into a ponytail. If you’re looking for a sleek look, rely on products like a gel, like Nexxus Exxtra Hold Defining Gel (Target, $9.99) and a finishing spray like Rene Furterer Vegetal Styling Finishing Spray (Rene Furterer, $29) to create a smooth finish instead of pulling hair too tightly to achieve it alone. Take folic acid and biotin There’s a reason they say you are what you eat. Nutrients literally build the proteins that make up your hair strands. Two B vitamins in particular — folic acid and biotin — have been shown to supplement hair health, length and thickness, says Sunshine. Folic acid helps the production of red blood cells, which powers the growth of hair. Foods rich in folic acid include green leafy veggies, oranges, soybeans and wheat. Biotin strengthens both hair and nails through its metabolism of fats, carbs and proteins. Brown rice, lentils, peas, sunflower seeds, walnuts and soybeans are all rich in biotin. Use leave-in conditioner Conditioners that you rinse out in the shower will do little to nothing for split ends, but a leave-in conditioner will add extra protection that stays on strands as you heat-style and go about your day. Try Living Proof Perfect Hair Day Fresh Cut Split End Mender (Sephora, $24), which can be applied to wet or dry hair for anytime use. Blow-dry the right way Always use a nozzle on your dryer to control and direct the flow of air and dry hair in a downward direction before sectioning off and drying completely with a round brush. This way, you spend far less time with intense heat straight on the hair. “If possible, air-drying 90 percent before picking up the blow-dryer is even better,” says Sunshine. And of course, if you can naturally dry all the way, that’s always your best option. Limit damaging services There’s unfortunately no way around it — treatments like hair color, highlights, straightening and perms all cause trauma that can result in a bevy of split ends, says Abramite. Try to limit service to just one major hair concern and refrain from washing strands for at least 48 hours afterward, when they’re most porous and likely to break and split. Not only will hair health improve after you go on a chemical-service diet, but your wallet will thank you. Get regular cuts Although a haircut is the only way to get rid of split ends, regular trims are your best protection against them. The longer you wait to trim, the greater the chance you have of split ends worsening and traveling up the shaft. It may sound counterintuitive, but this is why it’s actually best to get frequent trims if you’re trying to grow longer, healthier hair. Whatever your hair type or style, our experts recommend you get a cut or trim at least every six to eight weeks. More: 17 of the Coolest, Cutest Korean Beauty Products Inspired by Food Originally posted on StyleCaster. Tagged in hair tips split ends Comments Follow Us Facebook Twitter60.1k Pinterest161k Google Plus5.6k RSS SheKnows Media ‐ Beauty and Style Slideshows 13 Birkenstock Look-Alikes That Are a Total Steal 30 Inspiring Photos That'll Make You Want a Lob 15 White Dresses to Wear This Memorial Day 19 Women You Should Be Following for Major Hair Inspiration Subscribe to SheKnows Daily News The stuff you need to know, crafted just for you. Please enter a valid email address. Related Articles 10 Things No One Ever Told You About Coloring Your Hair by STYLECASTER 1 day ago How to Wash Your Hair — the Right Way by STYLECASTER 2 days ago 8 (Actually Delicious) Foods That Can Make Your Hair Grow Faster by STYLECASTER 3 days ago Today's Big Stories 7 of the Coolest (& Safest) Bunk Beds What Are Yoni Eggs & Why Could They Be Dangerous? Does Shaving Your Dog’s Coat Really Keep Them Cooler? Hot New in Beauty & Style Close The menu button now contains all of the sections of our site. And you'll see personalized content just for you whenever you click the My Feed . SheKnows is making some changes! b e  h e a r d ! Welcome to the new SheKnows Community, where you can share your stories, ideas and CONNECT with millions of women. Get Started
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Memorial Day sales 2017: Best deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Target, H&M, JC Penney Updated on May 27, 2017 at 11:32 AM Posted on May 27, 2017 at 5:03 AM Walmart, Target, Best Buy and more will have special Memorial Day sales.(File photo/Gulflive.com) By Leada Gore lgore@al.com Memorial Day is a time set aside to honor those who lost their lives in the service of their country. The day is also the traditional kick off of summer and retailers are quick to jump on the bandwagon with special Memorial Day sales. Here's a look at some of the best offers from Memorial Day 2017: Walmart The nation's largest retailer will hold its Memorial Day sale through May 29. Take up to 76 percent off patio furniture with orders of $35 or more getting free shipping on most items. Instore pickup is also available. Best Buy Best Buy's four-day sale includes 4KTvs, computers, appliances, home theater components, digital cameras, and more. Sale ends May 29. Online orders of $35 or more qualify for free shipping. Kohl's Kohl's is holding a mattress and furniture sale for Memorial Day and you can grab tees and tops for the family for less than $10. Get $10 off a $25 purchase with promo code "TAKE10." Sale ends May 29. Crocs Crocs is offering 25 percent off sitewide with free shipping on orders of $25 or more. If you use code "MEMORIALDAY" your discount will go up to 35 percent off, according to DealNews. Sale ends May 31. H&M H&M's Memorial Day sales includes up to 60 percent off men's, women's, kids' and home items with some deals as low as $5. Coupon code "4791" net free shipping on all orders, according to Deal News. Sale ends May 29. Target It's a good time to buy home and patio items, as well as furniture, at Target, with prices marked 30 percent off for Memorial Day. You can take an extra 15 percent off with coupon code HERO. Free shipping with most orders of $35 or more. Deal ends May 29. Vera Bradley Vera Bradley is offering up to 50 percent off a selection of its patterns and styles and all orders come with free shipping. Deal ends May 30. You can also get a free beach towel with any full-price purchase of $100 or more. Cabela's Save up to 50 percent at Cabela's through May 31, including 20 percent off Keen's, up to 40 percent off Imeon sleeping bags and deals on ammunition and camping supplies. Home Depot Patio furniture, grills, tools and more are discounted during Home Depot Memorial Day Sale. Patio furniture and accessories are up to 30 percent off; grills and smokers are marked down by as much as 15 percent. Shipping starts at $5.99 or free with orders of $45 or more. Sale ends May 31. JC Penney Select apparel, decor, bedding, appliances and outdoor items are up to 60 percent off at JC Penney. Take an extra 15 percent off with coupon code "FUNDEAL" or 20 percent off orders of $100 or more with coupon code "7GOSAVE." Orders of $99 or more qualify for free shipping. Lowe's Save up to 40 percent off select appliances and sales on mulch and garden soil at Lowe's. Offers end June 5. More even more Memorial Day sales, go here. View Comments About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 34°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Eat/Drink Going way out to attract food, drink customers (VIDEO) Saturday May 27, 2017 11:03 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Take a trip to Klang for fragrant and fluffy Bamboo Biryani Islamist militants kill 19 in south Philippines, army says The Edit: Films in the running for Palme d’Or at Cannes The Edit: Pre-loved Japanese shops a spot for good shopping deals Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article NEW YORK, May 27 — Just when you thought you'd gotten over Starbuck's sensation, the Unicorn Frappuccino, two more products are vying to quench your appetite for bizarre fare. This week, PepsiCo put Pepsi Fire on store shelves. The cola delivers a cinnamon kick. Think mild Fireball. Just weeks earlier, Wal-Mart unrolled the Crotilla — a buttery mashup of a croissant and tortilla. Unlike croissants, you can easily slice them to make sandwiches or eat them for dessert. Such so-called “stunt foods” combine strange ingredients or feature unusual tastes, and they're typically available for a limited time. Feeding the craze: Slow times for restaurants and consumer product makers. David Henkes of food research firm Technomic says: “I think it works in the short term, right? If you look at what Taco Bell or what Starbucks does, these are typically limited time offers. So there's a little bit of a scarcity built into it that appeals to consumers and drives them into a restaurant, drives them to buy that product, and then it disappears.” Screen grab from the Reuters video on 'stunt foods.'Henkes notes Taco Bell's 6 per cent sales growth last year outpaced its peers. Its food lab has dished up oddities like tacos using fried chicken as shells or even Doritos chips. On Thursday, the chain said it plan to grow global sales to US$15 billion (RM64.1 billion) in five years. Like many others, Wal-Mart hopes Millennials will think “eureka” when they try the Crotilla. Spokesperson Michelle Malashock says: “We do know that Millennials enjoy a good mashup every now and then. So from a marketing perspective, we definitely thought about putting these in our stores. We know we have a high concentration of Millennial shoppers. We do know from research and experience that Millennials love to experience food, and for them, food is an event.” Wal-Mart won't release any sales numbers. More than 800 stores bake the Crotilla daily, and Wal-Mart aims to roll it out to a few hundred more in the coming months. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Worth the trip to Klang: Fragrant fluffy Bamboo Biryani Nourishing abalone and fish maw soup to lift one’s spirits Bordeaux pins hopes for ravaged vineyards on June bloom Having your cake… and eating it too! Gerai Lum Kee: Where delicious assam laksa, curry laksa and laksa Siam have stood the test of time Gerai Lum Kee: Where delicious assam laksa, curry laksa and laksa Siam have stood the test of time Head to Klang’s Kah Ping for comforting mee hoon kueh The story of Penang’s oldest (94 years and counting) ice kacang stall Top tips for picnic food safety Why the best restaurant in Asia is shutting down (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: 'We hit a home run,' says Trump on foreign trip Reuters Video: Wenger says Cup triumph has no bearing on his future Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles NYC coffee shop sues Starbucks over Unicorn beverage Starbucks’ Unicorn Frappuccino sparks backlash from baristas (VIDEO) ‘Unicorn food’ is colourful, sparkly and everywhere (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Teen dies in Lacamas Lake Fire damages Bagley Downs apartment Bill to help homeless passes state House Popular Multnomah Falls shuttle returns Hit-run victim dies; teens face murder charge Get in the know with ‘Clark Asks’ Early learning will be focus of Thursday forum Sturgeon retention opener mulled for lower Columbia Flagpole in place at Fort Vancouver, ready for flag They had to look underground to find the flagpole. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Scott, Krog, Pearson earn runner-up finishes at 1A-2B-1B track State track: Merriweathers go out in style in Union’s record-setting day Boys track and field: Locals go distance to win state titles King’s Way Christian wins 1A state baseball title Camas takes home fourth-place trophy in softball Kabacy, Union doubles win 4A state tennis titles La Center finishes second at 1A state softball Sounders beat Timbers with early goal Skyview baseball ends with win, looks ahead to more   Hall of Fame pitcher Jim Bunning dies at 85 State track: Merriweathers go out in style in Union’s record-setting day Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Pottery Barn’s big problem: Tiny apartments Seattle startup founder sought a business partner, got a women’s alliance instead Off-lease used cars flood market, sinking prices SolarWorld plans at least 500 layoffs U.S. growth in Q1 upgraded to still-slow 1.2% CEO pay by the numbers: How big were 2016’s raises? Airlines have rules about taking photos, video on planes Trump seeks to end program for older jobless Kessid Church to tear down teen center, add parking Hearing set for proposed Best Western Seattle startup founder sought a business partner, got a women’s alliance instead SEATTLE — Leslie Feinzaig had been searching for months for a business partner to join her startup, toy company Venture… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Picture book parade will march into Vintage Mormon president scales back duties Young priests’ chants become best-selling album Save the Date: Summer weather arrives in time for outdoors activities Melania Trump confirms she is Catholic Chris Cornell’s voice signaled new era in rock ‘Sgt. Pepper’ pivotal, but not the fab four’s best work Titanic relics sail to auction 6 reasons why everyone loves Chance the Rapper The Steel Woods honor southern rock tradition in stylish debut Get set for summer by marking your calendar now This is not a warning, but some friendly advice: Start planning your summer, Clark County. Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Cheers & Jeers Milbank: Trump writes a comic chapter as an innocent abroad Letter: Time to clean up Vancouver Letter: Trump lacks self-awareness Letter: Be aware of dogs’ safety Letter: Make Moscow great again Letter: Don’t judge neighbors Letter: Choose McEnerny-Ogle for mayor In Our View: Confronting Confederacy Cepeda: Changing racial perceptions leading to fluid identity Editorial Cartoons, May 21-27 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Get in the know with ‘Clark Asks’ Everybody has a story: Volunteering at Elephant Nature Park in Thailand brings joy, peace Milestone 100th Birthday Long sprint to add sidewalks on Northeast 68th Street You Can Help Applause Spotlight on Youth Ridgefield names monthly employee, student honors In the Service Herrera Beutler names winners for art show Everybody has a story: Volunteering at Elephant Nature Park in Thailand brings joy, peace As Angelica Valencia and I walked into the Elephant Nature Park in Chiang Mai, Thailand, to volunteer, I could not… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Amazon opens grocery pickup to rival Wal-Mart By Bloomberg Published: May 26, 2017, 7:20 PM A   A SEATTLE — Amazon.com opened two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle, part of its latest effort to enter the $800 billion grocery market and compete with “click and collect” shopping options from big box competitors like Wal-Mart Stores. The “AmazonFresh Pickup” spots let shoppers buy groceries online and pick them up in as little as 15 minutes rather than having them delivered to their homes. The service is open to Amazon Prime members who pay $99 a year for delivery discounts and video and music streaming. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
About US Contact US Registration Saturday May 27th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage WINDPOWER 2017 closes with an eye on 2020 By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  May 27, 2017  /  Comments Off on WINDPOWER 2017 closes with an eye on 2020       Print       Email MIL OSI Oil Gas Energy – Source: American Wind Energy Association – Press Release/Statement: Headline: WINDPOWER 2017 closes with an eye on 2020 Diverse wind energy customers discuss what comes after PTC phase out May 26, 2017 ANAHEIM, Calif. — American wind power’s future growth will be driven by a diverse range of customers and trends. Leaders representing a corporate purchaser, deregulated utility, a public utility commissioner, and a wind developer, discussed a few of those trends – demand from diverse customers, transmission expansion, falling costs, and storytelling – on the closing General Session panel as the WINDPOWER 2017 Conference wrapped up this week in Anaheim. There are many customers for wind energy, including utilities, Fortune 500 brands, cities, and universities. Demand is strong because low, stable prices for wind help these companies and organizations improve their bottom line while also helping them reach sustainability targets. “If you look at our panel, you have a developer, a utility, a regulator, and a corporate purchaser,” said Rob Threlkeld, Global Manager, Renewable Energy, for General Motors. “There’s your message. We’re at the point where wind and solar have become mainstream technology.” General Motors has signed several long term contracts for wind energy, including to supply an assembly plant in Arlington, Texas, that makes 1,000 SUVs a day. The company has also committed to RE100, to source all of their global electric power from renewable sources by 2050. GM isn’t alone, other Fortune 500 brands including Amazon, Microsoft, and Walmart have all purchased wind energy. Threlkeld added, “Look at GM’s supply chain. How many thousands of suppliers we have that are interested in renewable energy as well.” “By continuing to get cost competitive, continuing to improve the wind energy product – it’s already great – you’ll capture a lot of potential customers out there, not only public utilities and corporate purchasers, but municipal utilities, rural co-ops, and other entities,” said Buzz Miller, President and CEO, Southern Power, a deregulated utility and power producer. Miller added, “Whether it’s electric vehicles or renewables, what customers want will ultimately drive it.” Expanding and upgrading our nation’s vital electric transmission infrastructure can help connect world-class U.S. wind resources to load centers like cities and factories. That will help save consumers money and boost the reliability and resiliency of the U.S. electricity supply. “Wind can stay attractive. You fix some of the transmission issues around, keep vibrant, and we can get through that [the PTC phase out],” said Miller. Wind power has grown rapidly over the last few years. Rapidly changing technology and falling costs have resulted in wind supplying over 5 percent of U.S. electricity, and more than 20 percent of electricity in five states. Wind power also supports over 100,000 American jobs. Telling the story – how wind works for America – is more important than ever. “We have massive room to grow in telling the story of wind power,” said Miller. “One of the greatest infrastructure successes is tied to the wind energy PTC, thousands of megawatts, billions of dollars of investment, and the jobs that go with it.” AWEA CEO Tom Kiernan in his remarks and columns this week in trade media described 16 trends that will continue to buoy the industry beyond 2020, once the wind energy Production Tax Credit (PTC) completes its current phase out. They include the falling cost of wind energy, expanding state policies like California’s, and upgrades to the nation’s power grid and transmission infrastructure. WINDPOWER 2018 heads to Chicago As thousands of attendees head home from Anaheim, show organizers reflected on success this year while looking ahead to WINDPOWER 2018, May 7-10 in Chicago. “WINDPOWER in Anaheim brought more action than ever to the show floor,” said Jana Adams, AWEA Senior Vice President of Membership Value and Experience. “From the design of our exhibit space, to the broadcasting of our general sessions, and spotlight on new exhibitors, we’re maximizing opportunities to make connections and ink new deals.” Attendee Neal Gyngard agreed, “The biggest thing out of this, is to finally get to meet some of these people I’ve emailed with for years. You’re chatting with someone at WINDPOWER and you realize they helped you get a torque wrench three years ago. And the reception at Angel Stadium, that was an awesome way to kick it off, so much fun.” Gyngard organizes a network of wind turbine technicians, the “Tower Climbing Grease Monkeys”. Adams added, “We’ve already sold over 90 percent of the exhibit space for next year’s conference. We think you’ll be blown away when WINDPOWER 2018 arrives in the Windy City.” A media kit for the conference is available here: www.awea.org/WINDPOWER2017MediaKit      ### AWEA is the national trade association of the U.S. wind energy industry. We represent 1,000 member companies and over 100,000 jobs in the U.S. economy, serving as a powerful voice for how wind works for America. Members include global leaders in wind power and energy development, turbine manufacturing, and component and service suppliers. They gather each year at the Western Hemisphere’s largest wind power trade show, the AWEA WINDPOWER Conference & Exhibition, next in Anaheim, California, May 22-26, 2017. Find information about wind energy on the AWEA website. Gain insight into industry issues on AWEA’s blog, Into the Wind. And please join us on Facebook, and follow @AWEA on Twitter.         Print       Email Published: 22 hours ago on May 27, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: May 27, 2017 @ 12:19 pm Filed Under: American Wind Energy Association, Business, Commodities, Economy, Energy, English, Exploitation, Exploration, Gas, Global Economy, Industry, Investment, MIL Oil-Energy Sector OSI, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Mining Sector, Oil, Oil Rigs, Open Source Intel, Wind Energy NEXT ARTICLE → Fatal Motor Vehicle Accident Meander ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE SPC Severe Thunderstorm Watch 270 About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Macindoe attends International Transport Forum UPDATE: Serious crash in Taita, Lower Hutt Appeal for witnesses to fatal collision in Edmonton Obituary for David Lee Hart Obituary for Jeremy Eugene Barnett © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Macron erupts on world stage with Trump snub, rapport with Canadian leader Fear of immigrants. Persecution of religious minorities. The life of 19th-century Boston Catholics. New study says American families are overwhelmed by clutter, rarely eat together, and are generally stressed out about it all Brian Johnson, Red Sox blank Mariners Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Coal country’s power plants are turning away from coal E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Luke Sharrett/New York Times/File 2014 Some of the power industry’s biggest customers have made a commitment to clean energy. And to help the companies meet it, utilities are changing their ways. By Diane Cardwell and Clifford Krauss New York Times  May 27, 2017 NEW YORK — Coal is on the defensive in the nation’s power industry. Even in coal country. The pressure to shift more of the country’s electric supply to renewable sources is not just a rallying cry for environmentalists. Some of the power industry’s biggest customers, such as General Motors and Microsoft, have made a commitment to clean energy. And to help them meet it — and keep them from taking their business elsewhere — utilities are changing their ways. Advertisement West Virginia, where coal is king, is no exception. Appalachian Power, the leading utility there, is quickly shifting toward natural gas and renewable sources such as wind and solar, even as President Trump calls for a coal renaissance. Appalachian Power still burns plenty of coal, but in recent years it has closed three coal-fired plants and converted two others to gas, reducing its dependence on coal to 61 percent last year, down from 74 percent in 2012. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Chris Beam, the company’s president, made the industry’s shifting dynamics clear in an encounter with Governor Jim Justice, a Democrat, at his inaugural ball in January. “’Look, I’d like to see you guys build another coal plant,’” he recalled the governor saying. “And our answer was: We’re not going to build another coal plant.” (The governor confirmed the account, but added in an e-mail, “I’ll continue to encourage power companies to burn more coal to put our miners back to work.”) It’s the same story in Virginia, where Dominion, a leading utility based in Richmond — near where commercial coal mining got its start — designed a special rate to make it easier for Amazon Web Services and similar customers to buy renewable energy. Advertisement In Kentucky, a chance meeting between a state regulator and a Facebook employee ultimately led the Public Service Commission to advise utilities that they could offer customers renewable energy packages, part of an effort to attract new business and hold on to automakers such as GM and Toyota. And in Wyoming, the nation’s leading coal producer by far, Black Hills Energy worked with Microsoft to create a complex arrangement for the technology giant to get enough wind energy to fulfill current and future needs at Microsoft’s data center in Cheyenne. “I’ve not spoken to a single utility that’s truly holding on to a future of more coal,” said Brian Janous, who directs energy strategy at Microsoft. “They’re looking to attract, as in the Appalachian case, new customers, and those customers aren’t attracted by coal.” Almost half the Fortune 500 companies have adopted at least one climate or clean-energy goal, with 23 of them pledging eventually to run their businesses on 100 percent renewable energy, including Walmart, Bank of America, and Google, according to a recent report by the World Wildlife Fund and other environmentally minded organizations and investors. Though corporations are buying renewable energy across the country, energy executives and analysts say it is notable that the trend is taking hold in states where coal production is part of the economic heart and soul. Coal executives say they are watching the effect of the renewable-power demands on the coal industry, but it is a matter of rising unease. “We’re concerned about it,” said Harry Childress, president of the Virginia Coal and Energy Alliance. “We see the pressure from these companies is pushing power producers more away from coal, which is a cheaper power.” Appalachian Power’s switch from coal was in part pushed as a result of a summit meeting that its parent company, American Electric Power, held at its headquarters last fall with corporate giants including Walmart, Facebook, Hilton, Procter & Gamble, and Marathon Petroleum. Those companies stressed that if they were going to expand their businesses in AEP regions, they would need access to low-carbon energy. American Electric Power organized a second meeting in Washington in May that included Amazon, Caesars Entertainment, DuPont, Marriott International, and Starbucks. With the goal of attracting big business to coal country, Beam is in the market to buy, lease, or build a fleet of wind and solar power farms across West Virginia and Virginia. The goal is to increase Appalachian Power’s renewable-energy fleet to 34 percent of its power capacity by 2031 from 17 percent today. An announcement for a new wind farm in southern West Virginia is expected within weeks, as discussions with big companies — which American Electric Power executives refused to identify — continue. “Specific customers are looking specifically for renewables and to what degree you are moving toward a new clean energy economy,” said Nicholas K. Akins, AEP’s chief executive. “Shareholders are more interested in sustainability going forward and improvements from a climate change perspective and carbon emissions perspective.” Akins said American Electric Power, which serves more than 5 million customers in 11 states, intended to respond to the demands of customers whatever policies were dictated in Washington. He added, “We are trying to make our company long-term sustainable regardless of administration.” Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Stay Connected: Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop People Donald Trump Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Trump-O-Meter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise JOIN Deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved "millions of jobs." — Donald Trump on Friday, May 26th, 2017 in a tweet Did Donald Trump's trip create or save 'millions' of jobs? By Louis Jacobson on Friday, May 26th, 2017 at 4:17 p.m. How valuable were the business deals struck by Donald Trump when he was in Saudi Arabia? Unclear. U.S. President Donald Trump talks with Saudi King Salman after a welcome ceremony at the Royal Terminal of King Khalid International Airport, May 20, 2017, in Riyadh. (AP) In a tweet from his first foreign trip as president, President Donald Trump touted his accomplishments on one of the cornerstones of his presidential campaign -- jobs. Trump traveled to Saudi Arabia, Israel, Brussels and Rome on a mix of business and diplomatic tasks from May 20 to May 27. "Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs," Trump tweeted. Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 26, 2017 Millions of jobs? That would be a massive shot in the arm for the economy. For a sense of scale, Wal-Mart, the nation’s largest private employer, has 2.3 million employees; the second-largest, Yum Brands, which includes Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and KFC, has about 500,000. The problem is, the White House has been cagey about exactly where this projection comes from. For starters, Trump’s use of the word "millions" represents a thousand-fold expansion from what Trump had said just days earlier, when he told the audience in a speech in Saudi Arabia: "Yesterday, we signed historic agreements with the Kingdom that will invest almost $400 billion in our two countries and create many thousands of jobs in America and Saudi Arabia." Meanwhile, over two days of inquiries to the White House, officials were unable to provide us with full details of the $110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia, which itself is just a portion of the $400 billion investment package Trump cited in his speech. When the Washington Post Fact Checker asked the White House for details about Trump’s tweet, a White House official responded that Trump was referring to "benefits to trade from the entire trip from Saudi Arabia to the G7" -- that is, including Trump’s meetings with the heads of other advanced industrialized nations in Europe toward the end of the trip. (It’s not clear what trade deals were discussed in the European portion of the trip.) In any case, assuming "millions" of jobs from unspecified investments is not justified, economists say. "There’s not enough information to substantiate his claims on millions of jobs," said Chris Lafakis, senior economist at Moody’s. In the meantime, here’s what we know and don’t know. The arms deal The Defense Security Cooperation Agency issued a news release on May 20 saying that the United States and Saudi Arabia agreed to a $110 billion package on five main areas: border security and counterterrorism, maritime and coastal security, air force modernization, air and missile defense, and cybersecurity and communications upgrades. The release detailed six specific areas, with links to documents that offered a dollar amount. They were: • Munitions and support: $6.8 billion; • Multi-Mission Surface Combatant ships: $11.25 billion; • Ammunition for the Royal Saudi Land Forces: $500 million; • Saudi Abrams Main Battle Tanks and HERCULES Armored Recovery Vehicles: $1.15 billion; • Chinook cargo helicopters: $3.51 billion; • Persistent Threat Detection System Aerostats: $525 million. That totals $23.74 billion, leaving $86 billion from the package unspecified. Using other available data, John Pike, the director of globalsecurity.org, told PolitiFact that he can estimate perhaps $50 billion in arms sales, "most of which was initiated under Obama," he said. Bloomberg calculations Reporters at Bloomberg have written several articles about the deals signed in the Saudi portion of the trip, focusing on agreements outside the $110 billion arms deal. They include: • Agreements signed by Saudi oil company Aramco: $50 billion; • Commitments by Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund to an infrastructure investment fund with the Blackstone Group. (Blackstone, Bloomberg reported separately, has close ties to the family of Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner.) $20 billion; • General Electric memorandum of understanding with Saudi Arabia: $15 billion; • Honeywell International memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco: $3.6 billion; • McDermott International memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco: $2.8 billion; • Jacobs Engineering Group memorandum of understanding: $250 million; • Rowan Companies memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for offshore drilling rigs: $7 billion; • Rowan memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for its supply chain: $1.2 billion; • Nabors Industries memorandum of understanding on well and rig services on an existing joint venture worth $9 billion; • Nabors memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for its supply chain: $1.6 billion; • Weatherford International memorandum of understanding: potential value of $2 billion. That works out to about $112 billion, coming on top of the $110 billion in arms sales. Bloomberg cited a few more items without specific dollar amounts, including a jet purchase from Boeing by SaudiGulf Airlines, and a joint venture between National Oilwell Varco and Saudi Aramco for the manufacture of drilling rigs and equipment. That leaves more than half of Trump’s $400 billion figure -- just for the Saudi leg of the trip -- undisclosed, to say nothing of what deals may have been struck in the European portion of the trip. And for now, the Washington Post reported that several key CEOs of companies that signed deals have been a lot more restrained than Trump about promising specific numbers of jobs. "There is absolutely zero chance that the trip created millions of jobs," said Dean Baker, a liberal economist. Even if jobs were created -- possibly in the thousands, not the millions -- "this may or may not lead to any net job creation, since the Fed could easily offset it with higher interest rates." Our ruling Trump said that deals struck on his first foreign trip as president created and saved "millions of jobs." We can’t know for sure how many jobs will be created or saved -- nor, despite the certainty of his language, does Trump -- but the evidence at this point is so thin and so premature as to be little more than puffery or wishful thinking. We rate the statement False. Share the Facts 2017-05-26 21:10:38 UTC PolitiFact 5 1 7 PolitiFact Rating: False Says deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved "millions of jobs." Donald Trump President a tweet Friday, May 26, 2017 2017-05-26 Read More info Advertisement About this statement: Published: Friday, May 26th, 2017 at 4:17 p.m. Researched by: Louis Jacobson Edited by: Aaron Sharockman Subjects: Economy, Foreign Policy, Jobs Sources: Donald Trump, tweet, May 26, 2017 Donald Trump, "President Trump’s Speech to the Arab Islamic American Summit," May 21, 2017 Defense Security Cooperation Agency, "Fact Sheet: Intended Sales to Saudi Arabia via Foreign Military Sales," May 20, 2017 Bloomberg, "Guide to $400 Billion in Saudi-U.S. Deals: Black Hawks to Oil," May 22, 2017 Bloomberg, "Kushners' Blackstone Connection Put on Display in Saudi Arabia," May 25, 2017 Bloomberg, "Blackstone Unveils $100 Billion Ambition for Infrastructure," May 20, 2017 Washington Post Fact Checker, "President Trump’s claim that he’s already saved ‘millions of jobs’ on his foreign trip," May 26, 2017 Washington Post, "Trump says his Saudi deal will create jobs. The companies involved aren’t so sure," May 24, 2017 Washington Examiner, "Trump's weapons deal with Saudi Arabia includes $24 billion in goods approved by Obama," May 22, 2017 Al.com, "30 largest employers in the U.S.," Feb. 7, 2017 Email interview with Lawrence White, professor at New York University’s Stern School of Business, May 26, 2017 Email interview with Chris Lafakis, senior economist at Moody’s, May 26, 2017 Email interview with Dean Baker, co-director of the Center for Economic Policy and Research, May 25, 2017 Email interview with John Pike, director of globalsecurity.org, May 22, 2017 How to contact us Email comments and suggestions for fact-checks to truthometer@politifact.com or find us on Facebook,and Twitter. (If you send us a comment, we'll assume you don't mind us publishing it unless you tell us otherwise.) Videos Browse The Truth-O-MeterTM Donald Trump fact-checks Pants-On-Fire rulings By our rulings By subject By person View recent articles Support independent fact-checking In a world of wild talk and fake news, help us stand up for the facts. Advertisement Subscribe Keep up to date with PolitiFact Put a free PolitiFact widget on your blog or Web page Subscribe to our RSS feeds on Truth-O-Meter items Subscribe to our RSS feed of fact-checks of Donald Trump Follow us on Twitter Fan us on Facebook Advertise on PolitiFact Back to top Offices District of Columbia 1100 Connecticut Ave. NW Suite 440 Washington, DC 20036 202-463-0571 Florida 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Rhode Island Pennsylvania Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding Stay Connected Fact-Check Suggestions © 2017 • All Rights Reserved • Tampa Bay Times Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop People Donald Trump Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Trump-O-Meter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise JOIN
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, May 28, 2017, 1:55 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Batesville agency brings hope to residents By Kayla Baugh This article was published today at 12:00 a.m. PHOTO BY WILLIAM HARVEY John Peek, from left, Nona Floyd, Beverly Sellers and Shenell Green volunteer at Batesville Help and Hope. Peek became the facility’s director of operations in March. Comments aAFont Size BATESVILLE  Batesville Help and Hope, an agency that provides food and clothing to those in need in Independence County, serves around 2,000 people per month. John Peek has been a volunteer at the agency for over a year and became director of operations in March. Peek said giving back to the community is his favorite part of the job. “You hear stories about the hardships people have faced, and that pulls at your heartstrings and reaffirms the work you’re doing,” he said. Batesville Help and Hope operates a food pantry and a clothing center, with the help of volunteers. Peek said the food pantry is the most significant part of the operation. Eligible people can come in and pick up a box of food once a month, and the size of the box correlates with the size of the family, he said. Peek said eligible patrons are people who meet federal poverty guidelines and live in Independence County. People requesting assistance are asked to provide documentation to verify their residence and income levels, along with photo identification. Peek said the agency also provides emergency boxes of food for people with immediate needs, such as families who have experienced a house fire. A clothing center is also operated by the agency, and people are provided clothing cards that allow them to get a certain number of items each month. “Sometimes people will donate toys and books to us. We have a children’s book section and an adult book section. There’s an honor system in place, and people are able to take books out for a month and return them at their leisure,” Peek said. Peek also mentioned that the agency added a classroom in January and plans to have workshops available regularly on-site by the end of the year. “We’re looking for local agencies or institutions that would like to offer informational sessions here,” he said. The impact of the agency on the community is significant, and Batesville Help and Hope operates one of the larger food pantries in the state, he said. He said the agency receives food donations from Walmart, Kroger, the United States Department of Agriculture and local businesses, along with significant funding from the United Way. “A third of the food we pass out is purchased through the food bank in Little Rock at a discount,” Peek said. Local churches also contribute to the food pantry and host fundraisers, he said. Peek said he expects the agency to do more structured fundraising within the next few months. “We’re always in need of volunteers,” Peek said. “People who will give their time, treasure or talents are appreciated.” Volunteers can help during the day or in the evening hours. Nona Floyd, a desk volunteer at Batesville Help and Hope, has worked with the agency since 1998. Aside from working at the desk and registering people into the system, Floyd has spent time working in the clothing department. Floyd said she began working at the agency after a friend asked her to work in her place while she had surgery. Floyd never left the agency and said she enjoys helping people. She said the agency has a tremendous impact on the community, especially the elderly and handicapped. “We’re able to provide people with good nutritious food and clothing,” she said. Floyd said she’s glad the agency is able to help people with temporary needs as well. “Sometimes people who’ve been laid off at work just need us for a month or two,” Floyd said. It’s important to make people feel welcome and free of judgment, she said. “The most important part of my job is treating people with dignity and not making them feel like they’ve failed in some way because they have to come here,” Floyd said. “We believe in compassion for everyone,” she added. “When people are in need, I’m glad we can help them.” Floyd said it’s impressive that she lives in a community where people care about others and are willing to volunteer time and effort to make life easier for those around them. She said everybody at the agency is a volunteer. “We work with a lot of good people,” Floyd said. “Many of us have worked or lived here for extended periods of time,” Peek said, “and we like to give back to the community. That’s a key motivating factor.” Staff writer Kayla Baugh can be reached at (501) 244-4307 or kbaugh@arkansasonline.com. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News You know you’re a grandmother when ... Family painting activity ‘rocks’ local cities Batesville agency brings hope to residents Norton hired as new Rose Bud football coach COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE THREE RIVERS AREA Movie camp encourages kids to ‘shoot for the ... Principal retiring after 41 years in Searcy s... Try these great recipes for fresh Arkansas fi... Follow these guidelines for the perfect Memor... Comments on: Batesville agency brings hope to residents To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Little Rock police investigate 2 unrelated homicides (4 comments) Montanan facing assault charge wins seat (53 comments) Sources: Kushner sought back channel to Kremlin (11 comments) BRUMMETT ONLINE: How the news works (36 comments) Championship Bound: Hogs throttle No. 1 seed Florida 16-0 (1 comment) Workers for state to receive bonuses (5 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships Labor More From Out of Control Trump Administration: Transportation Department Puts the Brakes on Truck Safety The Trump Administration Again Delays New Rules for Driver Training By Sarah Okeson / DC Report May 26, 2017 Print Comments Photo Credit: www.youtube.com Does that truck driver who sped past you this morning have as much training as your barber? Did the driver spend as much time learning to drive that 40-ton big rig as your plumber spent learning to work under your kitchen sink? Probably not. And the Trump administration doesn’t seem to think that’s a problem. The Department of Transportation is again delaying regulations setting basic training requirements for people who drive large trucks or busses, rules that Congress has been asking for since 1991. “Congress, safety groups and families of truck crash victims have beenbattling to get the U.S. Department of Transportation to act on a commercial driver’s license training rule for over two decades,” said Peter Kurdock of the Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety. The standards, which were published in December and have already been stalled twice by the Trump administration, include classroom instruction in driving, emergencies and planning trips. The most recent delay is until June 5. Fatal crashes involving large trucks or buses rose by 20% from 2009 to 2015.  On average, more than 4,000 people are killed each year, and nearly 100,000 injured in large truck crashes. The annual cost to society from crashes involving commercial motor vehicles is estimated to be over $110 billion. Training in skills such as trip planning might prevent accidents such as those in tiny Ponca, Ark., where truck drivers bound for a Wal-Mart distribution center have been using GPS that puts them on steep and winding rural highways. The published regulation was watered down to eliminate requiring a minimum amount of behind-the-wheel training. A draft required 30 hours of behind-the-wheel training, but that was removed. The regulation would have a grace period until February 2020 and would only apply to applicants who have not received their commercial driver’s license by Feb. 7, 2020. Firefighters, farmers and military drivers would be exempted from the regulation. The American Trucking Associations opposes a time-on-the-road requirement.  The trade group, which represents trucking companies, not drivers, spent about $1.8 million in federal lobbying last year. “We believe demonstrating proficiency is far more important than showing a number of hours behind the wheel,” said Sean McNally of American Trucking Associations. “Once you demonstrate proficiency, you should be able to take the state test, apply for a job and start earning a paycheck.” Safety organizations have asked that the final rule be reconsidered because it doesn’t include mandatory behind-the-wheel training. The organizations, which included the Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety and the Truck Safety Coalition, pointed to state requirements for jobs such as being a plumber or a barber. Texas requires a journeyman plumber to have 8,000 hours of experience. Barbers licensed in Virginia must have 490 hours. (Editor's note: DCReport published the following Action Box / What you can do about it) Call or write Richard Clemente, Driver and Carrier Operations (MC-PSD) Division, FMCSA, 1200 New Jersey Ave. SE, Washington, DC 20590-0001, by telephone at 202-366-4325, or by email at [email protected] . Contact your representative or senator. Organizations that have worked to improve highway safety include Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety which can be reached at 202-408-1711 or [email protected] and the Truck Safety Coalition which can be reached at 703-294-6404.       Sarah Okeson is a journalist at DCReport.org based in Springfield, Missouri. Follow her on Twitter @SarahOkeson.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg Bernie Sanders Gives Budget Director Mick Mulvaney Epic Lesson on American Inequality Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/25/2017 - 08:22 'We Have an Obligation to Speak About Donald Trump's Mental Health Issues... Our Survival as a Species May Be at Stake' Chauncey DeVega / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/26/2017 - 13:22 Seth Meyers Dissects Perhaps the Single 'Weirdest Thing' Trump Did on His First Trip Abroad as President Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/26/2017 - 07:01 Twitter Is Reeling From A Hilarious Jab at Trump Voters By Monty Python’s John Cleese David Ferguson / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Sat, 05/27/2017 - 09:41 Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump Just Got Caught in Another Ethics Violation—Thanks to Instagram Elizabeth Preza / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/26/2017 - 05:27 Paul Krugman: Trump Clearly Despises the Very Voters Who Elected Him Jacob Sugarman / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/26/2017 - 08:29 Trump Voter Devastated to Learn President's Budget Cuts Target Her Lone Income Source Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/26/2017 - 11:29 Georgia Civil War Museum Shuts Down Rather Than Surrender Its Confederate Flags Kali Holloway / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/25/2017 - 11:01 GOP Strategist Admits He Colluded with Russian Hackers to Hurt Hillary Clinton, Democrats Sophia Tesfaye / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/26/2017 - 08:39 Trump's Big Mouth Is Demolishing America's Reputation and Its Secrecy Procedures, Leaving Our Intel Chiefs 'Horrified' Jefferson Morley / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/25/2017 - 13:24 Today's Top Stories Activism 20 Fantastic International Resistance Signs from Trump's First Foreign Trip as President The Right Wing Two People Stabbed to Death in Portland While Standing Up to White Supremacist's Hate Speech How Trump's Thuggish Style Incites and Rationalizes Violence News & Politics Der Spiegel: 'It's Time to Get Rid of Donald Trump' News & Politics 'We Have an Obligation to Speak About Donald Trump's Mental Health Issues... Our Survival as a Species May Be at Stake' The Right Wing ‘He Played Me for a Fool’: Kentucky Trump Supporter Laments He Should Have Voted for Hillary Human Rights Mayor’s Unflinching Honesty About Confederate Monuments Gives Me Hope Culture Twitter Is Reeling From A Hilarious Jab at Trump Voters By Monty Python’s John Cleese Economy Trump’s Budget Betrays Millions Who Trusted Him by Adding Desperation to Their Lives The Right Wing ‘Game-Changer’: MSNBC Panelists Explain Magnitude of ‘Devastating’ Kushner Revelations Education Screw You: Betsy DeVos’ Top Adviser Led a For-Profit University That Defrauded Students and Hoovered Up Federal Student Aid News & Politics Trey Gowdy Is the Perfect Trump Stooge in House Russia Probe Media Washington Post Can't Stop Running Op-Eds by Lobbyists Pushing Their Clients' Weapons Media Fake Ads in the Time of Trump News & Politics Hillary Clinton Roasts Donald Trump in Wellesley College Commencement Speech Drugs 'He Got Me Hook, Line, and Sinker': Trump Voters Struggling With Opioid Crisis Realize They Were Duped Drugs Nader on the Challenge to the Failed 'War On Drugs' Culture Selling Sex: Wonder Woman and the Ancient Fantasy of Hot Lady Warriors Personal Health Our 'Selfish' Genes Contain the Seeds of Our Destruction—but There Might be a Fix FARK HEADLINES News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals How a Federal Anti-Animal Cruelty Statute Will Also Help Human Victims of Violence 8 Embarrassing Things Trump Did on His European Tour Two People Stabbed to Death in Portland While Standing Up to White Supremacist's Hate Speech ◀  X    Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Nonprofit group sets goals for improvements in Pana Saturday May 27, 2017 at 7:00 PM May 27, 2017 at 7:48 PM Tamara Browning Staff Writer @tambrowningSJR PANA -- Former teacher Ruth Baldock hopes soon to show her daughter more visual evidence of the work the nonprofit Pana Pride has been doing to improve the town's image. “My daughter, who lives in St. Louis, she keeps saying, ‘Well, show me something, Mom,’ ” said Baldock, who moved to Pana in the 1970s for a teaching job. “She’s really glad we’re doing this, but she keeps saying, ‘I want to see something that looks different.’ ” Baldock, a member of Pana Pride’s beautification committee, could point to a new program, “Yard of the Month,” taking place May through October. It encourages residents to clean up, enhance or beautify their properties. Plus, there’s an upcoming streetscape project in which more than 60 trees (including Bradford Pears) will be planted in a three-block area of Locust Street. “The streetscape is very important right now in addition to the yards. ... We’ve done a lot of things, but they’re all going to start to show,” said Tom Dean, president of Pana Pride. Board member A.J. Wiss also recalled a number of completed projects such as painting Pana’s downtown curbs yellow, and the grand opening of a bike trail. Then there was the recent Dumpster Days. “There were 12 or 13 big dumpsters at the city garage, and we’ve had that program to where people bring their trash and dump them in for years,” said Wiss, a native of Pana. “This year, we decided that Pana Pride would go out and pick up for people that couldn’t bring their stuff in, and we loaded 4 1/2 dumpsters just on a Friday.” People assets Pana Pride became active in 2014. It became a nonprofit a year later. “There was a small group of 15 of us who had a desire to be a part of increasing the pride of the residents in Pana and being part of the future of where Pana was going,” said Dean, who came to town in 1988 and owns McCracken-Dean Funeral Home. Pana Pride’s treasurer, Paula Lebon, a Pana native, said the group “struggled for about a year,” implementing small projects like painting a building downtown and planting flowers. Pana Pride got more concrete direction after it began participation in October 2016 in the Illinois Institute for Rural Affairs at Western Illinois University’s MAPPING the Future of Your Community program. A Pana Action Plan 2017 was developed that noted four high-priority goals (corresponding committees have been established for beautification, retail and dining, manufacturing and industry, and events), strategies, projects and action teams. After the conclusion of the program, a town meeting was held March 19 to share information and invite the community’s participation. Nearly 300 people attended. “When we did the rural mapping ... we talked about what the assets of the community are," said Dara Thompson, who was born and raised in Pana and is Pana Pride’s secretary. “Everyone talked about the people that are here, that that was one of our biggest assets. ... We’re trying to get everyone together and pool those talents and assets to make Pana a better place.” A ‘good place’ A goal highlighted through the mapping program is attracting new residents and visitors by beautifying Pana through well-maintained residential districts, attractive community entrances and a restored downtown with attractive streetscaping and design elements. Among strategies is to encourage refurbishment of buildings and facades. With that in mind, Pana Pride is exploring the possibility of acquisition and restoration of the old brick railroad freight house adjacent to Walmart. Used by the Illinois Central and New York Central lines, the freight house dates from the 1800s and is in disrepair. A goal is to restore the building for use as a tourism center or railroad museum. The group also is hoping that property south of the freight house that’s been used as a parking lot could be developed, perhaps partly as a park. “We’re trying to do things for people when they drive through town to say, ‘Hey, Pana is a good place to live,’ ” Dean said. “We’re only 35 miles from Decatur. We’re 40 miles from Springfield. We have great schools. We have a good hospital. In fact, our hospital is just getting ready to put on about a $12 million expansion. ... We have recreation. We have everything that you would want to have.” Dean added that Pana is a supportive community. “The people are so giving, and so you ought to come live with us,” he said. Thompson said Dean spoke eloquently at the town meeting about how the community could support Pana Pride. “He told the people that, ‘If you don’t ever want to come to a meeting or if you don’t want to be involved in any of the things that we do, if you just mowed your yard, if you just do something to beautify your property, then we would consider you a member of Pana Pride,’ ” Thompson said. Said Dean: “Just take pride where you’re at and what you own.” -- Contact Tamara Browning: tamara.browning@sj-r.com, 788-1534, twitter.com/tambrowningSJR. *** Want to participate? Donations may be made by sending checks payable to Pana Pride to: P.O. Box 166, Pana, IL 62557. The website is www.panapride.org, email is info@panapride.org, and it is on Facebook. Pana Pride meets the second Tuesday of each month with committees meeting at 6 p.m. and the general meeting at 7. The next meeting will be June 13. For the summer, meetings will take place at First United Methodist Church, 619 Kitchell St. Yard of the Month Each month from May through October, a focus street will be announced so that homeowners and renters on that street will have a month to maintain or make improvements to their yards. The focus street for June is Maple Street. At the end of the month, a panel of judges will choose the Yard of the Month. Winners get $25 in “Chamber Dollars” to be spent at a business that is a Pana Chamber of Commerce member. A “Pana Pride Yard of the Month” sign will be placed in the winner’s yard for the following month. The May Yard of the Month winner is at 311 E. Locust St.  About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Garage Sale Directory Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber My Profile E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Garage Sale Directory Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why I Won't Go Near Brick-and-Mortar Apparel Stocks Right Now Full-price, mall-based, and department-store retailers got destroyed last week. They may look cheap now, but I'm not touching them; here's why. Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) May 27, 2017 at 4:23PM Last week, investors experienced a violent sell-off for many department-store apparel retailers after some companies posted earnings. Macy's (NYSE:M), Kohl's, Nordstrom (NYSE:JWN), J.C. Penney (NYSE:JCP), Sears, and Ascena Retail Group all took a beating, down between 10% and 30% in just one week. The catalysts were earnings reports from several names, although not every company mentioned reported. Still, almost any retailer primarily selling full-priced apparel was sold off, as investors concluded that these companies are all in secular decline. And while many value vultures may be looking at these names right now, I'd stay away for several reasons. Image source: Getty Images. Looks can be deceiving A secular decline is dangerous, because it makes the stocks in question look cheap, with low price-to-earnings and price-to-book ratios, along with high dividend yields. But there is no telling how quick or severe the pain will be, as evidenced by continued same-store sales declines across the board. For instance, activist investor Starboard Value LP took a position in Macy's back in July of 2015, at around $65 per share. Its thesis was that Macy's owned real estate that by itself was worth more than its market capitalization. Starboard proposed selling off Macy's properties and leasing them back. Greenlight Capital, another prominent hedge fund run by David Einhorn, also took a position in 2016 at around $45 a share. The problem with this theory was that a) if Macy's stayed in these locations it would have to pay rents, and b) even if Macy's vacated, the locations were retail spaces that would have to be filled by someone else. Judging by the performance across the sector, it would difficult to find a dependable tenant when everyone was closing stores. In March, Starboard exited its position, eating a 60% loss. Greenlight exited in January for a smaller, yet still unpleasant, 30% loss. This is what happens when value investors mistake a turnaround for a secular decline: embarrassing losses. You might think that with Macy's trading at around $23.60 and the yield over 6%, the bottom is in. But as Clint Eastwood said in Dirty Harry: "Do you feel lucky?" Even good management can't do anything In 1988 Warren Buffett quipped: "With few exceptions, when a manager with a reputation for brilliance tackles a business with a reputation for poor fundamental economics, it is the reputation of the business that remains intact." Returning to Macy's -- my punching bag for this article, although my argument could apply to all the other names as well -- new CEO Jeff Gennette seems to have an intelligent, well-thought-out, and appropriate strategy. The company reduced head count, is closing unprofitable stores, and is experimenting with new formats in women's shoes and jewelry. Macy's also opened up its own discounted format, Macy's Backstage, which will feature off-price merchandise, and it is expanding e-commerce. This seems prudent: People are buying fewer full-priced clothes, so the move to footwear and jewelry is wise. When they do buy clothes, they increasingly look for deals. This has given rise to off-price retailers such as TJX Companies' T.J. Maxx, Ross Stores, and Burlington Stores. The problem is that all of these moves are easily replicated. What's to stop Kohl's or Nordstrom from also stocking more footwear and watches? Every retailer out there is developing more robust e-commerce initiatives (usually carrying lower margins), and as customers order more online, companies will suffer sales deleverage from fixed rent and labor costs. Also, Macy's is late to the off-price game, a few years behind Nordstrom, which unveiled Nordstrom Rack years ago. Off-price stores can also possibly diminish the larger, more profitable division, so there is cannibalization risk. Finally, if everyone is discounting, why wouldn't customers go to the stores known for the biggest discounts: Wal-Mart or Amazon? The big problem Keep in mind: The terrible results are happening in an economy that is nearing full employment and where consumer spending is actually good -- U.S. retail sales actually grew 0.1% in March and 0.4% in April. Imagine what would happen in a recession. It's perhaps fitting that Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos summed up the problem well: "All businesses need to be young forever. If your customer base ages with you, you're Woolworth's." Department stores have been late to adjust to a population that increasingly seeks discounts, and a millennial generation that craves "experiences" and the convenience of shopping online. Bottom line: Some of these retailers will survive, but it's hard to pick any winners, and even the survivors are likely to be much smaller companies than they are today. Why play with fire? Billy Duberstein owns shares of, and The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends, Amazon. The Motley Fool recommends Nordstrom. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) None Article Info May 27, 2017 at 4:23PM Consumer Goods Stocks J.C. Penney NYSE:JCP $4.71 up $0.05 (1.07%) Nordstrom NYSE:JWN $42.47 up $0.67 (1.60%) Macy's NYSE:M $23.44 up $0.08 (0.34%) Read More Why Did Macy's, Inc. Shares Lose 11% in March? Department Store Dividends Look Appealing, but Are They Really Traps? Macy's Reaps a Windfall From Its Real Estate Sorry, Macy's, T.J. Maxx Isn't What's Killing You -- This Is Instant Analysis: Tailored Brands and Macy's Part Ways Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why I Won't Go Near Brick-and-Mortar Apparel Stocks Right Now @themotleyfool #stocks $JCP, $JWN, $M
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Nonprofit group sets goals for improvements in Pana Saturday May 27, 2017 at 7:00 PM May 27, 2017 at 7:48 PM Tamara Browning Staff Writer @tambrowningSJR PANA -- Former teacher Ruth Baldock hopes soon to show her daughter more visual evidence of the work the nonprofit Pana Pride has been doing to improve the town's image. “My daughter, who lives in St. Louis, she keeps saying, ‘Well, show me something, Mom,’ ” said Baldock, who moved to Pana in the 1970s for a teaching job. “She’s really glad we’re doing this, but she keeps saying, ‘I want to see something that looks different.’ ” Baldock, a member of Pana Pride’s beautification committee, could point to a new program, “Yard of the Month,” taking place May through October. It encourages residents to clean up, enhance or beautify their properties. Plus, there’s an upcoming streetscape project in which more than 60 trees (including Bradford Pears) will be planted in a three-block area of Locust Street. “The streetscape is very important right now in addition to the yards. ... We’ve done a lot of things, but they’re all going to start to show,” said Tom Dean, president of Pana Pride. Board member A.J. Wiss also recalled a number of completed projects such as painting Pana’s downtown curbs yellow, and the grand opening of a bike trail. Then there was the recent Dumpster Days. “There were 12 or 13 big dumpsters at the city garage, and we’ve had that program to where people bring their trash and dump them in for years,” said Wiss, a native of Pana. “This year, we decided that Pana Pride would go out and pick up for people that couldn’t bring their stuff in, and we loaded 4 1/2 dumpsters just on a Friday.” People assets Pana Pride became active in 2014. It became a nonprofit a year later. “There was a small group of 15 of us who had a desire to be a part of increasing the pride of the residents in Pana and being part of the future of where Pana was going,” said Dean, who came to town in 1988 and owns McCracken-Dean Funeral Home. Pana Pride’s treasurer, Paula Lebon, a Pana native, said the group “struggled for about a year,” implementing small projects like painting a building downtown and planting flowers. Pana Pride got more concrete direction after it began participation in October 2016 in the Illinois Institute for Rural Affairs at Western Illinois University’s MAPPING the Future of Your Community program. A Pana Action Plan 2017 was developed that noted four high-priority goals (corresponding committees have been established for beautification, retail and dining, manufacturing and industry, and events), strategies, projects and action teams. After the conclusion of the program, a town meeting was held March 19 to share information and invite the community’s participation. Nearly 300 people attended. “When we did the rural mapping ... we talked about what the assets of the community are," said Dara Thompson, who was born and raised in Pana and is Pana Pride’s secretary. “Everyone talked about the people that are here, that that was one of our biggest assets. ... We’re trying to get everyone together and pool those talents and assets to make Pana a better place.” A ‘good place’ A goal highlighted through the mapping program is attracting new residents and visitors by beautifying Pana through well-maintained residential districts, attractive community entrances and a restored downtown with attractive streetscaping and design elements. Among strategies is to encourage refurbishment of buildings and facades. With that in mind, Pana Pride is exploring the possibility of acquisition and restoration of the old brick railroad freight house adjacent to Walmart. Used by the Illinois Central and New York Central lines, the freight house dates from the 1800s and is in disrepair. A goal is to restore the building for use as a tourism center or railroad museum. The group also is hoping that property south of the freight house that’s been used as a parking lot could be developed, perhaps partly as a park. “We’re trying to do things for people when they drive through town to say, ‘Hey, Pana is a good place to live,’ ” Dean said. “We’re only 35 miles from Decatur. We’re 40 miles from Springfield. We have great schools. We have a good hospital. In fact, our hospital is just getting ready to put on about a $12 million expansion. ... We have recreation. We have everything that you would want to have.” Dean added that Pana is a supportive community. “The people are so giving, and so you ought to come live with us,” he said. Thompson said Dean spoke eloquently at the town meeting about how the community could support Pana Pride. “He told the people that, ‘If you don’t ever want to come to a meeting or if you don’t want to be involved in any of the things that we do, if you just mowed your yard, if you just do something to beautify your property, then we would consider you a member of Pana Pride,’ ” Thompson said. Said Dean: “Just take pride where you’re at and what you own.” -- Contact Tamara Browning: tamara.browning@sj-r.com, 788-1534, twitter.com/tambrowningSJR. *** Want to participate? Donations may be made by sending checks payable to Pana Pride to: P.O. Box 166, Pana, IL 62557. The website is www.panapride.org, email is info@panapride.org, and it is on Facebook. Pana Pride meets the second Tuesday of each month with committees meeting at 6 p.m. and the general meeting at 7. The next meeting will be June 13. For the summer, meetings will take place at First United Methodist Church, 619 Kitchell St. Yard of the Month Each month from May through October, a focus street will be announced so that homeowners and renters on that street will have a month to maintain or make improvements to their yards. The focus street for June is Maple Street. At the end of the month, a panel of judges will choose the Yard of the Month. Winners get $25 in “Chamber Dollars” to be spent at a business that is a Pana Chamber of Commerce member. A “Pana Pride Yard of the Month” sign will be placed in the winner’s yard for the following month. The May Yard of the Month winner is at 311 E. Locust St.  About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Garage Sale Directory Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber My Profile E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Garage Sale Directory Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Delays, cancellations at SFO as construction resumes Boy injured in fall on opening day for Dublin water park Air strikes target militants in Philippines BottleRock 2017 adds pop-up spa for all festivalgoers News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Manager: Allman tried to keep playing music until the end Slain Virginia officer was a father of 3, former Marine AP source: Kushner sought secret communications with Russia Back home after foreign trip, Trump faces slew of challenges Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Giants get some hits, beat Braves St. Mary’s takes North Coast Section track title Warriors’ Kevin Durant seeking more than a title Giants’ Jarrett Parker, Hunter Pence near rehab assignments Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Movie strategy today: Lights, camera, action figures! Amazon sets up shop in the heart of the publishing industry Changing design of hotel rooms Kenya’s struggling Uber drivers fear a new competitor: Uber A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Opera Parallèle mounts a vivid, multifold ‘Enfants’ The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife What you missed at BottleRock 2017 Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer The best foods at BottleRock 2017 Esquire names this San Francisco bar one of the best in the Harassment lawsuit against Monsieur Benjamin, former worker Safeway to carry plant-based Beyond Burger in its meat case Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities It's time to add Humboldt's kinetic sculpture race to your School's out! Here are 100 things to do with your kids in San Those colorful dots along San Francisco curbs might keep you from Is your beard attracting or grossing out women? Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips A science stopover for migrating birds One Day, One Place: The music never stops in San Rafael Marin County winemakers revive dormant tradition Suite Spot: Casa Madrona Hotel & Spa, Sausalito Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Custom everything awaits in the Claremont Hills These homes for sale all have pretty pools to lounge by Remodeled Edwardian sits on a flat block in SF’s Eureka Valley The Bay Area’s cutest compound—with glass atrium and Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.thewrap.com/watch-jordan-peele-do-the-get-out-challenge-video/ Watch Jordan Peele Do the ‘Get Out’ Challenge (Video) "Get Out' creator participates in social media craze Brian Flood and Rasha Ali, provided by Published 2:27 pm, Saturday, May 27, 2017 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Watch Jordan Peele Do the ‘Get Out’ Challenge (Video) 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Filmmaker Jordan Peele made a surprising entrance on Friday night’s “The Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon” by doing the “Get Out” challenge. Peele, who wrote, directed and produced the runaway hit film “Get Out,” ran out onto the stage, directly into the camera, then beelining it to stage right. “That’s the first time I’ve done the ‘Get Out’ challenge,” Peele said, casually taking a seat next to Fallon. Fallon called it a a “nice little Easter egg.” “That’s the first time I’ve done the ‘Get Out’ challenge,” Peele said. Latest entertainment videos Also Read: 'Get Out': Watch Jordan Peele's Much Darker Alternate Ending (Video) The Get Out Challenge is a social media craze that was influenced by a very particular scene in the movie. It’s pretty simple, too. So, remember near the beginning of the film when Chris steps out in the middle of the night for a smoke and encounters Walter running full speed at him before making a quick turn? That’s, basically, what the Get Out Challenge involves. Someone runs like Walter towards the camera — or the person filming — before swiftly changing course for whatever reason. Also Read: 'Black Panther' Cast Does #GetOutChallenge, Scare the Crap Out of Daniel Kaluuya (Video) People have gotten creative with their Walter impersonations, with some doing it in Walmart aisles, their school halls and even adding funny storylines. “Get Out” is about interracial couple Rose (Allison Williams) and Chris (Daniel Kaluuya), who reach a meet-the-parents stage in their relationship, leaving their metropolis for a country gathering hosted by mom (Catherine Keener) and dad (Bradley Whitford). Check out the video above. Read original story Watch Jordan Peele Do the ‘Get Out’ Challenge (Video) At TheWrap Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. TRUMP PRESIDENCY Amid Russia crisis, Trump considers major staff changes Report: Trump may name Priebus ambassador to Greece Russia diplomat: Kushner sought secret channel Trump to decide soon on climate accord LATEST NEWS Philippines: Militants kill at least 16 civilians Giants get some hits, beat Braves Girl arrested for filming classmate in bathroom stall Uber CEO's mother killed in boat accident Mayor: 'Heroes' died protecting women from anti-Muslim rant This discount wine ranked among the world’s best Treasure Island flea market still gets crowds after 6 years Burn victim treatment has patients looking like mermaids Boy injured in fall on opening day for Dublin water park $43 million aquatic park, The Wave, opens in Dublin Peek inside Disneyland's new 'Guardians of the Galaxy' ride Southern rock founding father Gregg Allman dies at 69 Hall of Fame pitcher Jim Bunning dies at 85 See what movies are leaving Netflix and HBO in June 34 streaming TV shows you can binge watch The time when Ocean Beach had its own railroad Yosemite: Expect to wait up to three hours to park this weekend TODAY'S TOP PICKS 25 celebrity wines ranked worst to best A tranquil beach getaway for only $260K San Francisco dive bar delivers one of America's best burgers Most Popular 1 Dear Abby: Grandma plays favorites with plan for her assets 2 79-foot blue whale carcass washes up on Bolinas beach 3 Amid escalating Russia crisis, Trump considers major staff... 4 Mother of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick killed in boat accident 5 San Ramon girl arrested for filming classmate in bathroom stall 6 Boy injured in fall on opening day for Dublin water park 7 Giant Texas bullfrog photo is real ... but don't be fooled by... 8 Aldi's $8 wine ranked among some of the best in the world 9 Mayor: 'Heroes' died protecting women from anti-Muslim rant 10 Southern rock founding father Gregg Allman dies at age 69 LATEST NEWS Philippines: Militants kill at least 16 civilians Giants get some hits, beat Braves Girl arrested for filming classmate in bathroom stall Uber CEO's mother killed in boat accident Mayor: 'Heroes' died protecting women from anti-Muslim rant This discount wine ranked among the world’s best Treasure Island flea market still gets crowds after 6 years Burn victim treatment has patients looking like mermaids Redditors who went on reality TV shows reveal how real (or... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Community Opinion Opinion Home Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Sustainable Living Things To Do In Maine Obituaries Pressherald.com Mainetoday.com Events Classified Real Estate Local Offers Jobs Purchase Photos Public Notices Puzzles Sudoku Crossword e-Editions Newsletters My Account Support Home Delivery Help FAQ Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Advertise Special Sections Open Centralmaine Home Menu News News Local roundup: Dunlop leads Cony baseball to win over Brunswick More Headlines Benton rice farmers hope unique crop can solve bigger problems As Russia investigations continue, Trump plans to shake up senior staff More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Messalonskee, Winslow boys take home KVAC titles More Headlines In track and field, even the best can’t do it all Belgrade’s Hammond advances to state singles round of 16 More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Maine Compass: Time to restore Maine’s ailing public health nursing system More Headlines Today’s editorial cartoon Delegation should support higher Alzheimer’s funding More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community Community Leo Club holds induction ceremony in South China More Headlines Central Maine business briefs Chelsea student to attend West Point More in Community Celebrations Obituaries Lifestyle Lifestyle Movie Times More Headlines Sonja Eustis Johnson work on exhibit Rangeley antlers to be revealed More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Books Things to do in Maine Sudoku Crossword Local Offers Local Offers Test More Headlines More in Local Offers <div style="display:none;">test</div> Real Estate Real Estate Make your back yard an oasis this summer More Headlines 1043 High St., West Gardiner Super-simple ways to build a deck that’s friendly to bare feet More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Public Notices Jobs Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe   News Posted Yesterday at 12:57 PM increase font size Morning Sentinel May 27 police log Waterville area police reports for May 27, 2017. Share Comment Read Article IN CANAAN, Friday at 12:23 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Strickland Road. 3:18 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Park Drive. 4:40 p.m., trespassing was reported on Hartland Road. IN CHESTERVILLE, Friday at 12:55 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Zions Hill Road. Saturday at 7:37 a.m., trees were reported down on Pope Road. IN CLINTON, Friday at 4:48 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Lindseys Way. 7:58 p.m., a drug offense was reported on Hill Road. 4:48 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Lindseys Way. IN DETROIT, Friday at 1:08 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on North Road. IN FAIRFIELD, Friday at noon, suspicious activity was reported on Norridgewock Road. 3 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Back Road. 10:04 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Skowhegan Road. IN FARMINGTON, Friday at 12:04 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Farmington Falls Road. IN INDUSTRY, Friday at 12:53 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Church Street. IN JAY, Friday at 8:05 a.m., trees were reported down on Franklin Road. IN MADISON, Saturday at 12:02 a.m., a complaint about shots being fired was taken on Weston Avenue. IN MERCER, Saturday at 7:09 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Rome Road. IN MOUNT VERNON, Friday at 5:58 p.m., an odor investigation was conducted on Main Street. IN NEWPORT, Friday at 2:38 p.m., threatening was reported on Shaw Street. IN NORRIDGEWOCK, Friday at 7:42 p.m., a scam was reported on Mercer Road. 9:47 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Ferry Road. Saturday at 7:48 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Mercer Road. IN OAKLAND, Friday at 9:15 a.m., sex offenses were reported on Fairfield Street. 2:59 p.m., juvenile offenses were reported on Sawtelle Road. 4:46 p.m., theft was reported on High Street. IN PITTSFIELD, Friday at 1:43 p.m., mischief was reported on Webb Road. IN SKOWHEGAN, Friday at 2:38 p.m., a scam was reported on Harveys Park. 9:10 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on West Front Street. 11:07 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Waterville Road. Saturday at 4:14 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Canaan Road. IN SOLON, Friday at 11:29 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Ferry Street. IN WATERVILLE, Friday at 11:42 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Swan Street. 12:52 p.m., shoplifting was reported at Wal-Mart in Waterville Commons. 1:01 p.m., criminal mischief was reported on Gold Street. 1:54 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Edwards and Ticonic streets. 1:57 p.m., theft was reported at The Big Apple store on Main Street. 5:55 p.m., theft was reported on Chaplin Street. 7:45 p.m., an unwanted person was reported on Veteran Court. 9:14 p.m., a domestic dispute was reported on College Avenue. 10 p.m., a protection order violation was reported on Elm Street. 11:06 p.m., criminal mischief was reported on Water Street. IN WILTON, Friday at 3:32 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Pratt Road. IN WINSLOW, Friday at 3:06 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Bellevue Street. 3:50 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Bassett Road. 4:23 p.m., harassing calls were reported on Whitefish Road. 9:11 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on China Road. ARRESTS IN FRANKLIN COUNTY, Friday, Jennifer Malohisky, 32, of Rangeley, was arrested on a warrant. Arnold Merrow, 61, of Livermore, was arrested on charges of operating a vehicle after suspension and operating under the influence Saturday, Jesse Robbins, 29, of Kingfield, was arrested on a warrant. IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Friday at 12:41 p.m., Elizabeth D. Berry, 36, of Skowhegan, was arrested on a warrant for failure to appear. 5:27 p.m., Danielle M. Knight, 27, of Troy, was arrested on probation hold. 5:31 p.m., Wade Allen Washburn, 48, of Hartland, was arrested on probation hold. 5:34 p.m., Chadwick Wilson Bragg, 23, of Dixmont, was arrested on two warrants for failure to appear. 7:32 p.m., James David Homan, 51, of Attleboro, Massachusetts, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. 9:53 p.m., Page Steven Antone, 47, of Skowhegan, was arrested on a charge of domestic violence assault. Saturday at 5:32 a.m., Rose Marie Horan, 35, of Skowhegan, was arrested on charges of possession of a schedule W drug, drug paraphernalia, and 11 or more hypodermic needles, as well as violating conditions of release. IN WINSLOW, Friday at 11:59 p.m., Jessica Lea Prejs, 21, of Waterville, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle while under the influence of alcohol. SUMMONSES IN FAIRFIELD, Thursday at 7:35 p.m., Justice R. Ripley, 27, of Sidney, was summoned on a charge of operating a vehicle without a license. IN WATERVILLE, Friday at 12:52 p.m., Mark Farino, 47, of Canaan, was summoned on a charge of shoplifting. 7:24 p.m., Brody A. Dunn, 27, of Waterville, was summoned on a charge of operating a vehicle with an expired license. IN WINSLOW, Friday at 12:19 p.m., Peter Aldis Laplant, 40, of Ellsworth, was summoned on a charge of operating a vehicle with an expired license. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. Recent Read Shared Local roundup: Dunlop leads Cony baseball to win over Brunswick Messalonskee, Winslow boys take home KVAC titles Benton rice farmers hope unique crop can solve bigger problems As Russia investigations continue, Trump plans to shake up senior staff Refinery plan called affront to Teddy Roosevelt’s legacy Lewiston students protest bullying after suicide of middle school classmate Waterville mother charged after allegedly leaving 3 kids alone all night Welfare reformer Mary Mayhew leaving as commissioner of Maine DHHS Prominent Gardiner building to become artist space, microbrewery Georgia man tells Waterville students of life after causing death Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal YMCA day care sued after asking mom to breastfeed out of boys’ sight Lewiston students protest bullying after suicide of middle school classmate Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop  Shuffle  Hustle More from Complex  GO90  Rated Red  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Life Life 2 Fatally Stabbed After Attempting to Stop Man's Anti-Muslim Rant on Portland Train Share Tweet 2 Fatally Stabbed After Attempting to Stop Man's Anti-Muslim Rant on Portland Train By Omar Burgess May 27, 2017 Share Tweet Image via Multnomah County Sheriff's Office Jeremy Joseph Christian has been arrested on charges of suspicion of aggravated murder and attempted murder for his alleged involvement in fatally stabbing two men who attempted to stop him from screaming anti-Muslim comments at fellow passengers on Portland’s MAX light rail train.  The incident happened Friday at approximately 4:30 p.m. near Portland’s Hollywood District. According to authorities, Christian began yelling ethnic and religious slurs at two women—one of which was wearing a traditional Muslim hijab head covering. “In the midst of his ranting and raving, some people approached [Christian] and appeared to try to intervene with his behavior and some of the people that he was yelling at,” Portland police spokesman Pete Simpson said during a news conference, which you can see below courtesy of The Oregonian. “They were attacked viciously by the suspect.” According to a report by the Willamette Week, both victims sustained injuries to the throat. One eyewitness said Christian told the women, “Get off the bus, and get out of the country because you don’t pay taxes here.” The women are believed to have left the scene without sustaining any injuries. The killings are the latest in a series of xenophobic standoffs that have recently gone viral. An Arkansas woman was banned from Walmart stores after her racist rant calling one fellow shopper a racial slur and yelling for another to “go back to Mexico” went viral earlier this week. A similar incident was filmed in Reno, Nevada, as a man directed racist remarks at another man for speaking Spanish to his mother while on the phone. In November of 2016, the Pew Research Center released data concluding anti-Muslim assaults reached its highest levels since September 11, 2001. In the following months, President Trump reiterated a campaign promise to build a $10 billion wall dividing the U.S. and Mexico in efforts he and his administration believed would quell illegal immigration. Thursday, a federal appeals court rejected a revised version of Trump’s travel ban, which called to severely limit travel to the United States from six primarily Muslim nations. Critics have pointed to a direct link between post-election violence, xenophobic attitudes, and Trump’s stance on the proposed border wall and travel ban, while citing Trump’s perceived inaction on denouncing such behavior. "Our thoughts are with the Muslim community," Simpson said. "As something like this happens, this only instills fear in that community. We have already reached out previous to this incident to our Muslim community partners and the different imams about extra patrol during Ramadan. We want to reassure them that that will continue." Tags: News, Portland, Muslim, Muslim Ban  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments Lateststories Life Photos of the Manchester Bomber Have Been Released by U.K. Police By Kyle Neubeck 9 hours ago Life World Leaders Blamed Donald Trump for Failure to Reach Climate Change Agreement By Kyle Neubeck 10 hours ago Music Eminem and Justin Timberlake Help Raise Over $2 Million for Manchester Attack Victims By Kyle Neubeck 11 hours ago Life #LifeAtComplex: Lose a Bet, Wear a Romper By Complex 13 hours ago Life Teacher Gives ‘Most Likely to Become a Terrorist’ Award to 13-Year-Old Girl By Omar Burgess 14 hours ago Life 2 Fatally Stabbed After Attempting to Stop Man's Anti-Muslim Rant on Portland Train By Omar Burgess 16 hours ago Life New Study Finds Some Snakes Are Really Good at Coordinating Group Attacks By Aaron Mansfield May 26, 2017 Life iPhone 8 Reportedly Won't Have a Home Button, Wider Frame By Gavin Evans May 26, 2017 Life Adorable 5-Year-Old Wonders Where Obama Is in Extremely Relatable Viral Video By Trace Cowen May 26, 2017 Life This Guy Figured Out a Way to Use His Drone to Pick Up KFC and Deliver It to Himself More Stories NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map FeedsPersonalization MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business Target is said to invest $75 million in bedding startup Casper Handout Target is said to be investing $75 million in online mattress seller Casper, in an effort to boost its e-commerce presence while brick-and-mortar sales decline Target is said to be investing $75 million in online mattress seller Casper, in an effort to boost its e-commerce presence while brick-and-mortar sales decline (Handout) Matthew BoyleBloomberg Privacy Policy Target is investing $75 million in online mattress seller Casper Sleep, according to a person familiar with the situation, part of a bid to boost its e-commerce presence while bricks-and-mortar sales decline. Target made the funding deal after considering a bid for the entire business, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the deliberations were private. The Recode news site previously reported on the investment. Company spokeswoman Katie Boylan declined to comment on the funding figure, but she confirmed that Target invested in the startup. "We believe in their team, their ideas and their vision for reimagining sleep," she said in an email. The move follows the announcement of a partnership that lets Target customers buy beds and accessories from Casper, which typically ships mattresses to online shoppers directly. That rollout begins on June 18. Target's sales declined less than Wall Street expected last quarter, but the company is still playing catch-up with larger rivals. Amazon has the edge online, and Wal-Mart has far greater scale. That's forced Target to get creative in finding ways to compete. The Casper products will complement Target's own bedding products, which include items sold under the Threshold and Room Essentials lines. "The strategic partnership offers Casper access to an established retail brand," Target's Boylan said, "and gives Target an opportunity to work with a future-focused digital brand that is exploring an area that is meaningful for our guests — sleep and wellness." Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Target revamps stores for those in a rush, those who ramble Target wants shoppers to notice its prices Target agrees to $18.5 million settlement with Illinois, 47 other states over 2013 data breach News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 72°
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Weather subscribe Site Site Archive 'From the flying to the crawling:' Fin N Fur II offers one-stop pet shopping (with photo gallery) Saturday May 27, 2017 at 12:01 AM Jessica Weston City Editor Jessica_Weston9 Fin N Fur II is definitely a kid-friendly pet store. This point was made obvious during the store's grand opening Friday. Young people filled the store, checking out the animals and having their faces painted at a special station in the corner. Supervised by adults, they stared at scorpions and held guinea pigs. Some of the braver ones handled snakes, while everyone seemed to want to pet the adorable Netherland Dwarf rabbits. Also on sale were scorpions, tarantulas, geckos, lizards, turtles and even hermit crabs. “We sell everything from the flying to the crawling,” said owner Kindi Wheeler with a laugh. The store also carries birds, according to the other half of the ownership pair, Kindi's husband Paul Wheeler. “I love birds,” he said, adding that the store carries lovebirds, Parakeets, Conures (a type of small parrot) and Cockatiels. “One of the things we are most proud of is hand-feeding the birds that we sell, with the exception of the Parakeets,” he explained. “The Cockatiels and Conures are all hand-fed, they are used to people, they want to be on your shoulder. They want affection from you.” Also available in abundance are fish. This makes sense, given the pair got their start with a backyard Koi pond business years ago. “About 15 years ago, we had a pond business in our backyard,” Paul Wheeler said. “We sold lots of pond supplies and lots of Koi fish and we really enjoyed it.” “It started with fish,” he said. “We know fish, it's what we know best,” Kindi Wheeler added. “It is a passion for both of us." When that business closed, they eventually decided to open Fin N Fur II. “We always wanted to have a little fish store,” he said. The purchase of some fish tanks when the old Walmart closed led to an expanded vision and Fin N Fur II was born. “It blossomed into this,” Paul Wheeler said. He added with a laugh that Kindi knows more about pets than he does. “My wife is much more knowledgeable than I am. So I am nice to people and I ask her questions,” he said with a laugh. “Growing up I always had pets,” Kindi Wheeler agreed. “My father would bring home raccoons! He taught us a lot when we were kids about all our animals.” As luck would have it, customer Kelly Wilson walked up during this part of the conversation. Wilson said she purchased Koi pond supplies from the couple at their former business and was shopping Friday for water lilies for her pond. She spoke enthusiastically about the pond, which she described as a oasis of peace and tranquility for her. The store held a soft opening a couple of months back, and the owners have already gained a reputation for wanting to help customers be good, responsible pet owners. They walk potential pet owners through  the process and make sure they are ready to take on the responsibility. They have even been known to discourage ownership of certain pets, if they feel the new animal would not fit in with the pre-existing household. The Netherland Dwarf rabbits for example are completely house trainable. A free-roaming rabbit, however, is obviously a no-no in a house with a cat. Not all pets fit in with all families, Paul Wheeler said. When the Wheelers set a family up with a pet, they make sure they are ready to go when they leave the store. “We want them to have everything they need,” Paul Wheeler said. “And be educated, making sure it’s going to fit in with your home and with your family,” Kindi Wheeler added. “If you don't have a cage, we will set that cage up for you. From the bedding to the food, before you leave, we will make sure you understand how to care for the pet.” One thing you won't find at Fin N Fur II is cats and dogs. “We don't do anything dog and cat,” said Kindi Wheeler. “We specialize more in exotic pets.” Fin N Fur II is open 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Wednesday through Friday. Saturday the store closes at 5 p.m. Check the store for new pets Wednesdays. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile E-Edition RSS Feeds Contact Us Advertise With Us Market Place Classifieds Shopping Mall Community Info Ridgecrest Chamber of Commerce City of Ridgecrest Ridgecrest Area Convention and Visitors Bureau Sister Publications The Gridley Herald Taft Midway Driller Siskiyou Daily News Rocketeer2.com Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Ridgecrest Daily Independent - Ridgecrest, CA ~ 224 E. Ridgecrest Blvd., Ridgecrest, CA 93556 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Life Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obits Special Sections 2017 Salute Nurses 2017 Create An Ad The Presidency Apr 2017 East Kern 2017 Lifestyles 2017 Bracket Buster 2017 Home Show 2017 Medical How to 2017 How To Guide 2017 IWVEOC Program 2017 Baby Keepsake Jan 2017 East Kern Pearl Harbor Tab Pearl Harbor - Local Small Business Sat Xmas Lights Contest Paint It Pink Tab Red Ribbon Tab 2016 Veteran's Day 2016 Paws & Claws Remembering 9-11 2016 Back to School 2016 East Kern II 2016 East Kern IV RACVB Guide Map 2016 Green Earth 2016 HD Med Directory More Photos Videos Weather Blogs Calendar Contests Branded Content 2016 Perspective Your news Legal Notices Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Marketplace Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
CLOSE ADVERTISEMENT US News All US News U.S. State News Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming News Forums Not a Topix user yet? Sign Up Forgot Your Password? Back to login Sections All Topix Top Stories Forums User Forums Business Tech Sports Entertainment US News Weird News Offbeat Stars! Topix › US News › Barack Obama charms golfing crowds du... Barack Obama charms golfing crowds during round at St Andrews There are 20 comments on the Braintree and Witham Times story from Friday, titled Barack Obama charms golfing crowds during round at St Andrews. In it, Braintree and Witham Times reports that: Former US president Barack Obama has teed off his first visit to Scotland with a round of golf in St Andrews. He is expected to speak to business leaders in Edinburgh later on Friday when he gives a speech for The Hunter Foundation. Join the discussion below, or Read more at Braintree and Witham Times. Leave a Comment Track Replies Comments 1 - 20 of 20 Comments Last updated 6 hrs ago CodeTalker “Watching The Children Rant” Since: Feb 17 2,072 Location hidden Please wait... #1 Friday Ah yes, back to his old tricks. Vacation vacation vacation. Then speech speech speech. Judged: 3 3 3 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Boorish Businessman Beverly, MA #2 Friday CodeTalker wrote: Ah yes, back to his old tricks. Vacation vacation vacation. Then speech speech speech. Jealous Much? You can be sure that when Trump is done being president, he will not get a warm welcome from Europe. He will have to travel to the Philippines where he and Duarte can Enjoy some locker room talk. Judged: 2 2 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! spocko Oakland, CA #3 Friday CodeTalker wrote: Ah yes, back to his old tricks. Vacation vacation vacation. Then speech speech speech. Oh yes our village idiot made out of his cage just in time to add his daily super stupid comment :-/ Judged: 1 1 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! anonymous New York, NY #4 Friday This really isn't national news. Tell us about the jobs. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Red Crosse Wilmington, IL #5 Friday No, no. We need to know where this guy is at all times. He is so sneaky. Keep him golfing. Judged: 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Retribution Philadelphia, PA #6 Friday CodeTalker wrote: Ah yes, back to his old tricks. Vacation vacation vacation. Then speech speech speech. And Obama, as he leisurely cruise's the globe still doesn't get as many tees in as Loser Donald Trump has in less than 125 days. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Retribution Philadelphia, PA #7 Friday anonymous wrote: This really isn't national news. Tell us about the jobs. Carrier Air Conditioning announced the coming Layoffs of 600 at the Indiana plan Mike Pence committed $7 million dollars in state tax cuts to for retraining 700 manufacturering jobs there in Indiana That's at the factor used as the Donald Trump Pony Show during his campaign Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! RustyS Since: Mar 09 11,280 The Left Coast Please wait... #8 Yesterday He's like a rock star, well a rap star anyway. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Lawrence Wolf “Happiness comes through giving” Since: Feb 08 77,389 Location hidden Please wait... #9 Yesterday anonymous wrote: This really isn't national news. Tell us about the jobs. Well, I was one of eight boys. Pappy took us west in '88, where I found work as an outlaw. Like I told the judge, that feller never should have dealt that fifth ace. Now where's that dang spittoon? Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! American_Infidel “DONT BELIEVE FAKE RUSSIA” Since: Mar 09 31,082 CONSPIRACIES BY FAKE NEWS! Please wait... #10 Yesterday He should be good at it... he's had 8 years of practice at the most expensive golf courses on the taxpayer's dime Judged: 1 1 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! a_visitor Reading, PA #11 Yesterday CodeTalker wrote: Ah yes, back to his old tricks. Vacation vacation vacation. Then speech speech speech. All polititians take vacations on the tax dollars dime. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Cordwainer Trout Sonora, KY #12 Yesterday He'll self-destruct worse than as a President. He might follow in his son's footsteps by stalking and attacking a community watch fellow, or he might prance around a Walmart with a realistic AK47 BB gun challenging all the White people to call the Man. Whatever he chooses, a squealing feminine high kick won's save him from the inevitable. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! CodeTalker “Watching The Children Rant” Since: Feb 17 2,072 Location hidden Please wait... #13 19 hrs ago Boorish Businessman wrote: <quoted text> Jealous Much? You can be sure that when Trump is done being president, he will not get a warm welcome from Europe. He will have to travel to the Philippines where he and Duarte can Enjoy some locker room talk. Warm welcome, you mean from children and teenagers. What a hoot you are. Notice the close panning of the photos where you could not see the crowd size. Typical of Barry and Hillary. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Retribution Philadelphia, PA #14 18 hrs ago CodeTalker wrote: <quoted text>Warm welcome, you mean from children and teenagers. What a hoot you are. Notice the close panning of the photos where you could not see the crowd size. Typical of Barry and Hillary. You could determine which American was more popular from the reception Trump received in Belgium with the protest against his presence in Belgium and Barack Obama's reception in Germany and the German people flocking to the gates to see, listen to and welcome Barack Obama to Germany. LOL, you'd better go back to chasing Seth Rich ghost Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Retribution Philadelphia, PA #15 18 hrs ago CodeTalker wrote: <quoted text>Warm welcome, you mean from children and teenagers. What a hoot you are. Notice the close panning of the photos where you could not see the crowd size. Typical of Barry and Hillary. If the Germany and Belgium receptions aren't enough evidence, have Loser Donald Trump stop over in Ireland where Barack Obama is this morning playing a round of golf and chance allowing the Irish to determine who is more popular and welcomed. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Retribution Philadelphia, PA #16 18 hrs ago American_Infidel wrote: He should be good at it... he's had 8 years of practice at the most expensive golf courses on the taxpayer's dime In 8 years Obama's golf expenses pale in comparison to the first 100 days of Trump's golf excursions on the public's dime. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! CodeTalker “Watching The Children Rant” Since: Feb 17 2,072 Location hidden Please wait... #19 17 hrs ago Retribution wrote: <quoted text> You could determine which American was more popular from the reception Trump received in Belgium with the protest against his presence in Belgium and Barack Obama's reception in Germany and the German people flocking to the gates to see, listen to and welcome Barack Obama to Germany. LOL, you'd better go back to chasing Seth Rich ghost More children turnip. I'll send the truck around to pick you up again. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! CodeTalker “Watching The Children Rant” Since: Feb 17 2,072 Location hidden Please wait... #20 17 hrs ago Retribution wrote: <quoted text> In 8 years Obama's golf expenses pale in comparison to the first 100 days of Trump's golf excursions on the public's dime. Another lie you can not prove. Next. Cue name change. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! CodeTalker “Watching The Children Rant” Since: Feb 17 2,072 Location hidden Please wait... #21 17 hrs ago Retribution wrote: <quoted text> You could determine which American was more popular from the reception Trump received in Belgium with the protest against his presence in Belgium and Barack Obama's reception in Germany and the German people flocking to the gates to see, listen to and welcome Barack Obama to Germany. LOL, you'd better go back to chasing Seth Rich ghost Seth's ghost is busy right now asking which liberal shot him in the back for the Clinton Crime Family. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! anonymous San Francisco, CA #23 6 hrs ago Retribution wrote: <quoted text> Carrier Air Conditioning announced the coming Layoffs of 600 at the Indiana plan Mike Pence committed $7 million dollars in state tax cuts to for retraining 700 manufacturering jobs there in Indiana That's at the factor used as the Donald Trump Pony Show during his campaign I know. It's not enough. Not even slightly. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Tell me when this thread is updated: Subscribe Now Add to my Tracker Add your comments below Enter Comments Characters left: 4000 You are currently logged in as . Not ? Enter Username Enter Numbers Please note by submitting this form you acknowledge that you have read the Terms of Service and the comment you are posting is in compliance with such terms. Be polite. Inappropriate posts may be removed by the moderator. Send us your feedback. US News Discussions Title Updated Last By Comments What would Jesus say about same-sex marriage? (Jul '15) 2 min cpeter1313 6,131 Plurality of Americans think Trump is failing 4 min Vlad 2,726 White House rebuts Washington Post report of Tr... 5 min UMORONRACEUMAKEWO... 907 'Climate change musical' is cited as tax waste ... 14 min Ms Sassy 18 James Comey fired as FBI director 17 min Vlad 2,860 Hundreds Of Scientists Urge Trump To Pull Out O... 25 min Fuggoo 318 BARACK OBAMA BIRTH CERTIFICATE: Suit contesting... (Jan '09) 32 min Dickwad 2 241,017 'Fox News Sunday' to Host Kentucky Senate Debate (Oct '10) 52 min Jay 270,568 Hillary Clinton to address Wellesley College gr... 1 hr Ronald 40 Barack Obama, our next President (Nov '08) 2 hr Henry 1,536,116 See all US News Discussions Find what you want! Search US News Forum Now Trending Now Boston Marathon North Korea Gunman Pope Francis Egypt China Afghanistan Recession Microsoft Climate Change US News News US News White House relents in fight with ethics office... Criminal charges for Tim Kaine's son over viole... Trump's budget cuts West Coast quake warning sy... Daycare worker, 23, is charged with the murder Texas set to embrace new abortion restrictions Indiana faces records request backlog as Pence ... Next for Montana's new congressman: Day in cour... Federal judge tosses out life sentences for DC ... Barack Obama charms golfing crowds during round... Republican wins Montana election despite assaul... US-led strikes kill 35 civilians in east Syria:... Hillary Clinton to address Wellesley College gr... More US News News from Topix » More from around the web   Sacramento, CA News Forums & Polls Real-Time News Crime Dating Jobs Local Politics Obituaries Real Estate Yellow Pages Explore More Topix US News US Cities List World News World Countries List Celebrities Business Finance Autos Sports Sci-Tech Electronics Entertainment Movies Music Television Health Arts & Life Food Travel Site Map / All Topics About Topix RSS Newsfeeds Law Enforcement School Officials About Us Jobs FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Report Abuse? Feedback? Comments made yesterday: 20,758 • Total comments across all topics: 281,331,976 Copyright © 2017 Topix LLC • Flag inappropriate postPost has been flagged for review • Send feedback • Cancel Change location Sacramento, CA Enter city, state or zip International users, click here. Be in the know! Notify me when there are new discussions. Thanks for your comment! Enter your email to get updates on this discussion. Don't show me this message again today. Thanks for kicking off the conversation! Enter your email to get updates when people reply. Thanks for your comment! Share your thoughts with the world Share on Facebook Now Don't show me this message again today.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Super Deal announces wide range of discounts in various clothes and accessories New Super Deal provides exciting discounts for different products from different fields. These products include clothes, shoes, jewelries and much more. Discounts have been an integral part of various online shopping stores. Buyers are always interested in products that come under their budget. It is important to buy quality products that can be bought at cost effective prices. There are various online stores that have come up with interesting features in order to provide exiting discounts to the buyers. One of the online stores that have been providing exciting deals to the online buyers is New Super Deal. There have been times when the products have come at a higher discount of 80% to 85%. It is always interesting to get a super deal like this one from an online platform like New Super Deal. Most of the products include clothes and accessories. It is important to have a proper research on the website in order to stay aware that the buyer gets what he or she wants. Buyers can also checkout the experience of previous buyers and make a smart purchase. Research helps the customers stay aware of the modern developments and helps them in getting the products in their budgets. New deals are continuously added on the platform and it is important for the buyers to keep a track of the website. New buyers can also subscribe with the website in order to get regular updates on the latest discounts being added by the company. The discounts are not only limited to clothes and apparels as the tech enthusiast can also expect to get branded gadgets at cost effective prices. Gadgets and technological products are being bought on a daily basis and buyers are always on the look out to get interesting discounts on their smartphones or other gadgets. New Super Deal provides some of the Best Deals Online. There are coupon codes available online and the buyers can make a search based on their requirements. The website mainly has two sections that include deals and coupons. When it comes to deals buyers can expect to get new deals on a daily basis. The deals are associated with some of the best platforms around the world including Amazon, eBay, Walmart, Macy’s, etc. Getting branded products from these online platforms can be really advantageous. Once the buyers select the product that they want they will get a coupon code and they can use that to go through the transaction. The Deal of the Day provides attractive discounts to the buyers on some of the best brands. The discounts start from 20% and they can go as high as 80%. There is no limitation to any specific field and the products from all the fields are included in this online store. About New Super Deal: New Super Deal is an online platform that has been providing exciting discount offers to various customers around the world. To know more about them one can visit the abovementioned website.  Media Contact Company Name: New Super Deal Team Contact Person: Zak Email: zheng.fee@gmail.com Phone: +86 15880073207 Country: China Website: http://www.newsuperdeal.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Marketing & Sales, Retail, Shopping & Deal, Society & Culture Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Red fire danger warning Next PostNext Global Diffractive Optical Elements Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 Search Recent Posts This Is a Test From PR Newswire The Cook Islands Football Association celebrate Pink Shirt day to promote Anti-Bullying. Boink Live Streaming Announces A New Hollywood Full of Stars and Major Advertisers Silicon Valley is trumpeting AI as the cure for the medical industry, but doctors are skeptical BUYINS.NET: AGRO, ICLN, LMAT, MYRG, QUAD, TDG Are Seasonally Ripe To Go Up In the Next Five Weeks Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Stock Is the Best of a Bad Breed In the wake of Q3 earnings, Costco stock is neither cheap nor invincible, but the retailer is showing what can happen when you do things right By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  May 26, 2017, 4:21 pm EDT     View All   Popular Posts: 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts Apple Inc.’s Next Great Driver? India! (AAPL) 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts Recent Posts: Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Stock Is the Best of a Bad Breed 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Can’t Rely on Any Real Help From China View All Posts Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) at least partially redeemed the reeling retailing industry on Friday. With the echoes of disappointing first-quarter earnings reports from Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE:LOW), Chico’s FAS, Inc. (NYSE:CHS) and Tiffany & Co. (NYSE:TIF) still ringing, Costco stock managed to put up a healthy gain on the back of Thursday evening’s release of its fiscal third-quarter numbers. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr (Modified) Not only did earnings roll in better than expected, same-store sales grew at an almost-heroic pace. How was Costco able to do what so many of its peers haven’t been able to do? And, perhaps more important to current and would-be owners of COST stock, can the retailer continue its fruitful growth? The answer to the first question is, it just strikes the right cord with consumers … one of the few retailers to find a balance between value, customer-experience and convenience. As for the second question, yes, Costco stock can remain protected by its surprisingly wide moat. Costco’s Q3 Earnings For the quarter ending in early May, Costco earned $1.59 per share — or $1.40 per share on an operating basis — on revenue of $28.22 billion. While the top line missed expectations of $28.6 billion, it was still up 8% on a year-over-year basis. Profits rolled in better than the year-ago bottom line of $1.24 per share of COST, and handily beat analyst estimates of $1.30 per share. Most impressive of all, though, was the 5% increase in same-store sales versus estimates of only 3.7% growth. It’s a ray of hope from an otherwise-gloomy retail environment, with rival Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) being one of the few exceptions. Last quarter, Walmart topped its earnings estimates, and even mustered much-needed same store sales growth of 1.4%. Still, Costco’s results were decidedly better than its peers. What gives? The Same, But Different At first glance, Costco stock more or less looks like Walmart or Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) in that all three sell basic goods and staples. Yes, Costco charges an annual membership fee, but it’s widely understand as the way it can (though not that it always does) offer lower prices. What’s noteworthy about Costco, however, is how much of its profits — not revenue, but profits — stems from those membership fees. Last year, they accounted for 72% of the company’s bottom line, and that’s not apt to change in the foreseeable future considering more than 90% of its members renewed their membership last quarter. In that light, Costco isn’t a retailer in the business of selling merchandise. It’s in the subscription business, selling access lower-cost shopping choices. Consumers are savvy, nevertheless. If what was happening in its stores paled in comparison to the customer experience delivered by Target and Walmart, Costco couldn’t remain in the subscription business very long. In that regard, Costco still does retailing right. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/costco-wholesale-corporation-cost-stock-is-the-best-of-a-bad-breed/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 8 Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately 4 Technology Stocks to Buy Before They Ride AI to the Sky 3 Top Aerospace & Defense ETF Picks 7 Sports Stocks Everyone Knows — 4 Winners, 3 Losers 10 High-Tech Graduation Gifts for 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately 4 Tech Stocks to Buy Before They Ride AI to the Sky 7 Sports Stocks Everyone Knows — 4 Winners, 3 Losers 3 Aerospace & Defense ETFs on the Move Most Popular 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts The Top 10 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 4 Tech Stocks to Buy Before They Ride AI to the Sky Buy Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock for 35 Cents Now! 10 Best Mutual Funds for Retirement 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Local News Sports Living Classifieds 76° Full Menu 76° Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Business May 28, 2017 12:01 AM Colorful murals to brighten miles of floodwall By Mark Schleifstein Nola.com/The Times-Picayune LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NEW ORLEANS A team of New Orleans artists has been given the go-ahead to paint colorful murals on the drab floodwalls along 1 1/2 miles of Tchoupitoulas Street. Most of the work is to be completed for the New Orleans tricentennial celebration in 2018. New Orleans International Muralists LLC, headed by coordinator Daniel "DeeJay" Pate and lead artist Jamar Pierre, won its last required permit from the Southeast Louisiana Flood Protection Authority-East on Thursday (May 18). It already had received permits from the Army Corps of Engineers and the state's Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority. The murals will be similar to an original artwork titled "Resilience" by Pierre. That piece includes images based on New Orleans' history, music and culture, including Mardi Gras Indians, jazz musicians, riverboats and the city's architectural features. The group "wants to integrate all that speaks to the soul of new Orleans: music, second lines, social clubs, historical figures, traveling along the river, shipping and receiving, historical events, legal and governmental proceedings, the Native Americans and Mardi Gras Indians," says a mural project description provided to levee authority members. Pate, a Mardi Gras Indian himself, was a classroom schoolteacher in New Orleans for 10 years and also has worked as an academic adviser with the University of New Orleans' Upward Bound program. He has organized public art events, murals and private and corporate art projects for the past 16 years. Pierre's clients have included Time Warner Entertainment, Essence Magazine (including a poster for the 2007 Essence Music Festival), the cit of New Orleans and the Fore!Kids Foundation. His artwork was featured in the second season of HBO television's "Treme" series. A 70-foot mural by Pierre is on the side of St. Peter Claver Catholic School. Pate said he hopes to begin priming some of the floodwalls for painting within a few days. The hiring of as many as 10 artists for the project must wait until the group has raised at least $50,000 in donations from the public. He estimated that the entire project will cost $300,000 to $450,000. Pate has set up two ways for the public to donate, either through the mural firm's web site, or at a GoFundMe web site. Artists will start at 9th and Tchoupitoulas streets and work downriver to Jackson Avenue. Pate said that when he and Pierre began work on obtaining approvals for the murals in 2014, they estimated the project would take 18 months to complete. Pate hopes that most of the walls can still be completed within a year to meet the October 2018 date of the city's 300th birthday. The plan is to march downriver into history, with the first panels dedicated to events in the 2000s, then working back in time, Pate said. Each mural segment will cover the entire floodwall, using materials approved in advance by the Army Corps of Engineers. Floodgates will not be painted. The artists also have agreed to set aside $2,500 to $5,000 annually for maintenance costs, including removal of graffiti at least quarterly. The team hopes to extend the project downriver along an older segment of the wall, below Jackson Avenue, that contains more than 100 archway panels. Much of that work depends on whether they receive financial support from major donors such as Walmart, which is located across the street from many of the arches. In a letter to the corps, the team committed to painting the first 17 archways between Josephine Street and Jackson Avenue. "We intend to have a collective of artists do a series of famous doorways or a series of 'comic strip' style displays that peek into New Orleans' past as it relates to the Port of New Orleans and its shipping and receiving industry, plus the recreational vessels that have traveled up and down the Mississippi River over the last 300 years," the letter said. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 8 days ago The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 1:11 8 days ago The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 0:16 9 days ago Cook Like No One’s Watching – 2017 IKEA Catalog 0:58 10 days ago IKEA is coming to Cary View More Video Business Chipotle says customer credit card data stolen from most stores BA outage creates London travel chaos; power issue blamed British Airways outage has not canceled RDU flight to London; fliers should check status The Latest: Italian police tear gas protesters near G-7 site Trump makes G-7 deal on trade, takes rain check on climate Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell 56° Full Menu 56° Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Tigers teammates look up at a foul ball during a game May 21 at the Teener league complex. Phoebe Sheehan psheehan@centredaily.com Tigers teammates look up at a foul ball during a game May 21 at the Teener league complex. Phoebe Sheehan psheehan@centredaily.com Community May 27, 2017 11:18 PM Centre Sluggers adult baseball league offers players another trip to the plate By Leon Valsechi lvalsechi@centredaily.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story STATE COLLEGE Every Sunday from Memorial Day weekend to Labor Day weekend, adult baseball players have a chance to hit the field in State College and continue playing the game they love, or dust off the cleats and take another swing at a fastball. The Centre Sluggers 28-years-and-over baseball league was founded in 2001. The league began with four teams, named after Major League Baseball teams, and about 60 players. As the 2017 season gets underway, the league will field eight teams and more than 120 players. The wooden bat league plays its games at the State College Teener League fields located off West College avenue, and attracts players from as far as Bedford. The nine-inning games are umpired by a local crew hired by the league and the rules closely resemble major league rules, with a few exceptions to promote safety. One of the league founders was the late Paul Mazza Jr., who was also the founder of the South Hills School of Business and Technology. After about a 40-year hiatus from the game, he returned to the field and played for the Yankees. In a leadership role with the league, he authored the local rules to reflect the tone of the sluggers. “We will never intentionally hurt any other player because we understand that all of us need to go to work on the morning after the game and feel good about the game we played,” Mazza wrote in the league rules. The league was originally a member of the Men’s Senior Baseball League, which is a national organization with more than 300 affiliates and about 3,000 teams. John Young, former league president and current player, said when the league began to grow, the decision was made to become an independent league, which he said is unique for an adult league. Young is an environmental scientist from Lemont during the week, but when the 65-year-old suits up in his Orioles uniform, he’s an infielder who still has pop in his bat and speed to get down the line. “Baseball is a great game and there is a lot of tradition to it,” Young said. “I think the guys like the history of the game and it brings you back to your youth a little bit.” Young’s story is similar to many players in the league. He played Little League, advanced through youth baseball and played in college and county league before taking time off and returning years later. During Young’s time as president, he played a key roll in getting a second division of the league started — the Centre Hardballers 40--and-over league. The Hardballers play Tuesday and Wednesday evenings under the lights at the Teener League fields. The games are seven innings and are played within the sluggers’ rules. They are also played with a less competitive edge, according to Young. The league president prior to Young was John Pringle. Under his leadership, the league began playing one Sunday per year at Medlar Field at Lubrano Park. For one afternoon per season, players enjoy the practice facilities and field conditions of the minor league ballpark as their families and friends experience an afternoon watching their favorite player. Jason Bickle, league president, said the Medlar experience is the highlight of the season for most players. Bickle is a 40-year-old department manager at Wal-Mart off the field, but on Sundays during the season, he suits up as an infielder and pitcher for the Diamondbacks. He ended his playing days when he was 18 years old, but after hearing about the league in 2013, he grabbed his glove and hit the field once again. Attracting players to the league is difficult, Bickle said, but during his time as president he hopes to grow both leagues and increase their visibility in the community. “I think if people come out to see our games, they’ll realize that this is a great league,” Bickle said. “And if a guy is thinking about playing, I always tell him that the league is competitive, but we truly play for love of the game.” Leon Valsechi: 814-231-4631, @leon_valsechi Andy Bennet, of the Diamondbacks, catches a ball during a game Sunday, May 21, 2017 at the Teener league complex. Phoebe Sheehan psheehan@centredaily.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago State College prayer service for police officers and peace 3:01 a year ago State College prayer service for police officers and peace 4:07 a year ago Army Vet Vince Reynolds receives new patio from Heroscape 1:09 a year ago Tractor trailer fire shuts down I-80 View More Video Community Light Up State College event officially sets Guinness World Record Rowland Theatre prepares to celebrate 100 years in Centre County ‘No limit’ to recreation in Penns Valley SpringBoard business incubator opens in Bellefonte Details released on Sunday crash in College Township Community Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Local business notes: Springfield Black Chamber endorses downtown casino Saturday May 27, 2017 at 1:55 PM May 27, 2017 at 7:56 PM Tim Landis Business Editor @TimLandisSJR THE SPRINGFIELD BLACK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE backs the concept of a downtown casino, though the group acknowledges odds are against the proposal in the short run. Chamber president and CEO Dominic Watson said last week the group planned to provide a letter of support to Springfield developer Chris Stone, who has been pitching the idea of a casino to state and local elected officials. Stone himself acknowledges a casino is a long shot, though Statehouse watchers know stranger things have happened in the frantic, closing days of a legislative session. Wednesday is the final day of the spring session. Stone already is involved in the gaming industry as owner of Lucy's Place video-gambling parlors. "We know it's in the early stages, but we think it's a great idea for Springfield," Watson said. The chamber has approximately 30 member businesses, he said, with young professionals also involved. Watson said support for a casino is based primarily on the potential economic benefits, including jobs, but that tax revenue also could be used to support a variety of educational and social service programs, as well as to rebuild the city infrastructure. "As of right now, we tend not to have the revenue to support all those programs throughout the community," Watson said. "It's not just the revenue, it's also the socioeconomic impact." Watson said the social costs of a casino were considered in the endorsement decision, including that low-income residents can least afford gambling and the need to support programs for gambling addiction. "We definitely discussed that," Watson said. "If everyone agreed to allocate jobs to minorities, women, disabled individuals and veterans, it would offset some of those challenges." Watson said the chamber planned to provide a letter of support in coming days. Spokesman Wayne Utterback at The Greater Springfield Chamber of Commerce said in an email that organization has not yet taken a position on the casino proposal. *** The IMAX screen at ShowPlace12 Theatre, 3141 Mercantile Drive in Springfield, is open as of this weekend. Show times and ticket prices are available online, www.AMCTheatres.com. *** Look for the former MCDONALD'S building at 1825 S. MacArthur Blvd. to go on the market in the next few weeks. The restaurant closed in January after nearly 60 years at the location. Contrary to social-media speculation in the last week, there is no indication that White Castle is interested in the site. *** ZARA'S COLLISION CENTER of Springfield has hired two graduates of the company's newly created internship program. Austin Schneib and Jacob Whitfield, both seniors at Lanphier High School, trained through the auto-body program at Capital Area Career Center, according to an announcement from Zara's. Company president Brad Zara said in the announcement Scheib would work in paint preparation and Whitfield in the collision center following graduation. Scheib has been hired full time, Zara said, while Whitfield plans to work this summer before attending barber school and Lincoln Land Community College this fall. Zara's, 3117 Wide Track Drive, is in its 31st year of business. The website is www.zarascollision.com. *** LYFT has joined UBER in the ride-sharing business in Springfield. The company now operates in more than 300 cities, according to an announcement of the Springfield launch last week. The company website is www.lyft.com. *** The site of the former GRECO SALES INC. headquarters at Ninth and Adams streets has been cleared and leveling work begun. The Springfield Mass Transit District plans to relocate its bus-transfer operations to the site later this year from the current location at Fifth Street and Capitol Avenue. *** GENHKIDS has relocated to 3171 Greenhead Drive, Suite B, according to an announcement on the organization website, genhkids.org. The not-for-profit, which promotes healthy eating and lifestyles for families, had been at 305 S. Fourth St. *** FARM CREDIT ILLINOIS has donated $5,000 to the Lincoln Land Community College Foundation to support the college agriculture program, including scholarships and events sponsored by the LLCC Ag Club, including the fall Ag Career Expo and spring Farmers' Share Luncheon. *** WALMART continues to file construction permits for grocery pickups from online orders. The latest permits are for the store at 2760 N. Dirksen Parkway. The retailer has begun rolling out the service nationwide. Walmart also has Springfield stores at 3401 Freedom Drive and 1100 Lejune Drive. Also at Building and Zoning: * HABITAT FOR HUMANITY OF SANGAMON COUNTY, 2112 Black Ave.; residential construction. * WHITE OAKS MINI STORAGE, 3881 Yucan Drive; foundation and office work. * GUILDEN'S NAILS AND SPA, 2306 Wabash Ave.; interior remodeling. * STUDIO ORGANOMIX AND QUEEN'S BOUTIQUE, 1812 S. MacArthur Blvd.; new and used consignment shop. * BUFFALO WILD WINGS, 2808 N. Dirksen Parkway; interior remodel. Ribbon cuttings at The Greater Springfield Chamber of Commerce: * FIELD OF SWEETS, Old Capitol Farmers Market, June 21. * TAIL COMMAND, pet kennel at 3120 Stanton St.; June 23. -- Contact Tim Landis: tim.landis@sj-r.com, 788-1536, twitter.com/timlandisSJR. Listen to his WUIS/SJ-R business report Tuesday afternoon and Wednesday morning on WUIS 91.9 FM, 89.3 FM and WUIS.org, or online at www.sj-r.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Garage Sale Directory Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber My Profile E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Garage Sale Directory Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Sign in News Big South Fork Local News Region/State Features Obituaries Sports Oneida Outdoors Scott Opinion More Public Notices Apartments Real Estate Help Wanted Yard Sales Services Classifieds Community Calendar Church News Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 62.6 F Oneida, TN Sign in / Join E-Edition Subscribe Advertise Blogs Eye to the Sky Editor’s Notes Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Independent Herald News AllBig South ForkLocal NewsRegion/State Local News Update: Suspect dead in officer-involved shooting Local News Scott County joblessness drops to 16-year low Local News Probation violators to serve prison sentences Region/State Perdue endorses Boyd for governor Features Features Coming Home: Anthony Smith to perform local concert Features Family, customer service guide Baby J’s Features Nearly 10,000 bibles later, ‘The Bible People’ are still going strong Features O&W Cafe: Oneida’s niche restaurant Features Scott County primes for busy tourism season Obituaries Sports AllOneidaOutdoorsScott Oneida Oneida’s Dishman signs with Union College Outdoors A quick guide to snakes in the Cumberlands Scott Scott Track: Scott runners advance to sectional finals Opinion Opinion Garrett: For success-hungry Vols fans, 7.5 wins aren’t enough Opinion Garrett: Obituary tells the tale of an 87-year love story Opinion Oden: Why I picked up a shotgun after four years Opinion Garrett: Heavy rains turned Norris into a tourist sideshow Opinion Garrett: Governor’s tax hike is a good start towards good roads More Public Notices Apartments Real Estate Help Wanted Yard Sales Services Classifieds Community Calendar Church News Home News Local News Update: Suspect dead in officer-involved shooting News Local News Update: Suspect dead in officer-involved shooting By IH Staff - May 27, 2017 9827 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter A Georgia man killed in an officer-involved shooting in Oneida Saturday morning had previously interfered with law enforcement officers attempting to take him into arrest, court records show. Ron Harlan Lewallen, 30, of Dalton, Ga., was named by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Saturday as the suspect who was killed following a pursuit that ended with shots fired and a crash of his vehicle shortly after midnight. Lewallen has a lengthy police record, with arrests in several north Georgia jurisdictions over the past several years. Among the charges, which range from shoplifting to drug possession to parole violation and felony probation violation, Lewallen was charged in November 2012 with willful obstruction of law enforcement officers in Whitfield County, Ga. Lewallen was the driver of a vehicle that was involved in a police pursuit through Oneida at around 12:30 a.m. Saturday morning. Witnesses said the pursuit began on the Four-Lane section of Alberta Street and continued south nearly 1.5 miles. According to the TBI, Lewallen stopped his vehicle near the intersection of Alberta Street and Depot Street. However, investigators said, after a female passenger exited the vehicle, Lewallen refused to comply with officers' demands and accelerated, nearly striking officers. Shots were fired into the vehicle, which crashed near First National Bank several hundred feet north. Lewallen was declared dead at the scene. The TBI's preliminary report did not indicate whether Lewallen was intentionally attempting to run down officers or attempting to flee the scene. There was also no immediate indication whether Lewallen was struck by officers' shots or whether he died of injuries sustained when his vehicle crashed. Three officers were involved from the Scott County Sheriff's Department and Oneida Police Department. Their identities have not been released, which is standard procedure in a TBI investigation of officer-involved shootings. An earlier version of the story follows . . . The suspect at the center of an officer-involved shooting died Saturday morning, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. The TBI is handling an external investigation into the incident, which occurred at around 12:30 a.m. Saturday morning, following a pursuit that involved law enforcement officers from both the Oneida Police Department and Scott County Sheriff's Department. According to the TBI, the suspect's car crashed on Alberta Street near First National Bank, where he was declared dead. As the Independent Herald previously reported, the incident followed a police pursuit that began on the Four-Lane section of Alberta Street. The chase continued south for approximately 1.5 miles before the vehicle stopped near the intersection of Alberta Street and Depot Street. There, a female passenger was removed from the car but the male driver accelerated the vehicle, allegedly nearly striking law enforcement officers. Officers then fired shots at the vehicle, which pulled back onto Alberta Street before crashing several hundred feet away. The TBI's initial report did not reveal whether the suspect was struck by bullets from the officers' guns or whether he died from injuries sustained in the crash. All officers were said to be okay. Their identities have not been released, and the two occupants of the vehicle, including the deceased, remain unidentified. Oneida Chief of Police Darryl Laxton deferred questions to the TBI Saturday morning, saying that himself and Scott County Sheriff Ronnie Phillips will prepare a joint statement after the TBI's preliminary investigation is completed. The original story follows . . .  The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation and Tennessee Highway Patrol joined officers from both the Oneida Police Department and Scott County Sheriff's Department on the scene of what appears to be an officer-involved shooting on Alberta Street in Oneida overnight. The incident occurred shortly after midnight, just north of Alberta Street's intersection with Depot Street, near First National Bank. Several witnesses reported hearing shots fired. Another witness reported that police officers were in pursuit of a vehicle, with the chase beginning along the Four-Lane section of Alberta Street and ending with a crash near the bank about a mile and a half south, where Alberta Street was closed and traffic rerouted. The TBI has confirmed that it has special agents on the scene of the investigation. There are currently no updates on the condition of suspects or what precipitated the pursuit. However, there were reportedly no injuries to law enforcement officers. Oneida Chief of Police Darryl Laxton could not offer comment early Saturday morning, due to the investigation being handled by the TBI. However, Laxton said himself and Scott County Sheriff Ronnie Phillips — both of whom were reportedly on scene following the incident — would release a joint statement at a later time. If Saturday morning's incident was indeed an officer-involved shooting, it would mark the third such incident in less than a year in Scott County. In July 2016, a Helenwood man was injured after being shot when he lunged with a knife at a Scott County Sheriff's Department domestic violence officer who was at his home to arrest him for assaulting his girlfriend. Weeks later, a Kentucky man was injured after being shot by an Oneida Police Department officer in the Walmart parking lot when he brandished a gun at officers who were responding to a domestic disturbance report. More details will be available on ihoneida.com Saturday and in the June 1, 2017 edition of the Independent Herald. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet IH Staff Contact the Independent Herald at newsroom@ihoneida.com. Follow us on Twitter, @indherald. Stay connected 6,434FansLike 370FollowersFollow 1,136FollowersFollow LATEST STORIES Storm chances increasing May 27, 2017 Update: Suspect dead in officer-involved shooting May 27, 2017 Saturday’s severe weather risk increases | Eye to the Sky May 26, 2017 Scott County joblessness drops to 16-year low May 26, 2017 Probation violators to serve prison sentences May 25, 2017 - Advertisement - Follow us on Instagram @indherald EDITOR'S PICKS ATVs allowed on S.R. 63 Saturday night May 23, 2017 Saturday’s severe weather risk increases | Eye to the Sky May 26, 2017 Perdue endorses Boyd for governor May 24, 2017 MOST COMMENTED Storm chances increasing May 27, 2017 West resigns as Oneida High School golf coach January 10, 2017 Honey Creek: Rugged terrain makes for spectacular hike January 10, 2017 TODAY'S MOST READ Storm chances increasing May 27, 2017 Update: Suspect dead in officer-involved shooting May 27, 2017 Saturday’s severe weather risk increases | Eye to the Sky May 26, 2017 ABOUT USThe Independent Herald was founded in America's 200th year, in the spirit of 1976. Published in Oneida, Tennessee, the weekly newspaper serves as the voice of the Cumberlands and Big South Fork country. Contact us: newsroom@ihoneida.com FOLLOW US E-Edition Subscribe Advertise Blogs Eye to the Sky Editor’s Notes © 2017 Independent Herald, Liberty Press Inc. MORE STORIES Kentucky man faces charges after meth bust December 3, 2013 OPD officers nail thieves 'red-handed' March 18, 2014 Scott's Chambers discovers niche in mowers October 2, 2013
