X Edition: United Kingdom Business Business Home Deals Aerospace & Defence Autos Banks Central Banks Reuters Summits Business Video Markets Markets Home UK Markets European Markets Market Analysis Global Market Data Indices Stocks Earnings FXpert Currencies Commodities Funds World World Home Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Germany France U.S. China Middle East Africa Russia India Japan World Video UK UK Home Politics Economy Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Money Money Home Analyst Research Fund Screener Commentary Commentary Home Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Sport Sport Home Football Formula One Tennis Cricket Golf Rugby Union Sport Video Life Lifestyle Home Health Environment Entertainment Arts Oddly Enough Lifestyle Video Entertainment Video Environment Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wal-Mart aims to leverage Asda back to health Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed Feb 8, 2017 | 4:31pm GMT Wal-Mart aims to leverage Asda back to health left right Shoppers leave the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 7, 2017. Picture taken February 7, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 1/21 left right Meat products are displayed at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 2/21 left right A shopper browses produce at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 3/21 left right An employee tidies shelves at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 4/21 left right A shopper walks through the meat section at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 5/21 left right Fresh fruit is displayed at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 6/21 left right Fresh fruit and vegetables are displayed at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 7/21 left right Meat products are displayed at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 8/21 left right Fish is displayed on the seafood counter at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 9/21 left right An employee tidies shelves at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 10/21 left right Chickens are displayed on a shelf at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 11/21 left right An employee tidies shelves at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 12/21 left right A shopper browses shelves at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 13/21 left right A shopper selects fruit at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 14/21 left right An employee works in the bakery at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 15/21 left right Fresh mangos are displayed at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 16/21 left right An employee works on a checkout till at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 17/21 left right Fish is displayed on the seafood counter at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 18/21 left right An employee stocks shelves at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 19/21 left right Employees check stock at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 20/21 left right A shopper browses produce at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 21/21 By James Davey | LONDON LONDON Wal-Mart (WMT.N) is throwing its weight as the world's largest retailer behind its struggling British arm Asda after admitting it was too slow to respond effectively to the threat posed by the discount supermarkets. Asda thrived for a decade as Britain's cheapest supermarket after it was bought by Wal-Mart in 1999 and remains the third-biggest in the country. But German-owned Aldi [ALDIEI.UL] and Lidl [LIDUK.UL] have steadily cut into Asda's market share. The two discounters started opening stores in the UK in 1990 and 1994, respectively, but their big breakthrough came when the economic crisis hit in 2008 and more British shoppers were prepared to give them a go. Declining sales show signs of tapering off since Wal-Mart veteran Sean Clarke became Asda's president and chief executive last July, with a focus on improving the look and feel of the stores as well as enhancing product lines. Wal-Mart will provide further firepower by ensuring Asda leverages the parent's purchasing strength in everything from refrigerators to own-brand products and real estate to drive down prices and costs, said Scott Price, chief administrative officer of Walmart International. "One thing that maybe we would criticise ourselves for is that we didn't start the repositioning of the business sooner, that we didn't focus more on the leverage opportunities so that Asda was able to invest more aggressively in price," Price told Reuters in an interview. "What Sean is able to do with his global experience at Wal-Mart is to know what levers to pull," he said, in a reference to Clarke's time with Wal-Mart in Japan, Canada and most recently as chief executive in China. Working more closely with its parent, Asda will be able to market more Wal-Mart brands as its own at a lower price than rivals, Price said. "He's able to pull private (Wal-Mart) brands and put an Asda brand on it that is equal to the national brand in the UK in terms of quality and sensory, but at a price that no one else can match," he said of Clarke. In return, Wal-Mart was looking for more ways to exploit the areas where Asda has excelled, for example with a popular olive oil originally sourced by Asda and now sold across the group, including in the United States and 10 other international markets. PERFORMANCE SLUMPED From its headquarters in Leeds in northern England, Asda claimed to be the first of Britain's major grocers -- which also includes market leader Tesco (TSCO.L), No. 2 Sainsbury's (SBRY.L) and No. 4 Morrisons (MRW.L) -- to spot the threat from the discounters. With fewer stores in the more affluent southeast of England than its rivals and the vast majority of its business in the large stores that have become less fashionable in recent years, Asda was most exposed. After it lost its price advantage and failed to offer other reasons to shop there, performance slumped. Wal-Mart added to Asda's problems by diverting key executives from Britain to the United States and focusing too much on cutting costs and maximising short-term profit at the expense of investing to protect market share, analysts said. The result has been nine straight quarters of underlying sales decline since the middle of 2014, which translated into a more than 1 percentage point loss in market share, according to researcher Kantar Worldpanel. Its share currently stands at 15.6 percent, versus more than 28 percent for Tesco. David Cheesewright, CEO of Walmart International, in June expressed disappointment at Asda's weak performance and said it would shift from protecting profit to protecting market share. The data shows signs of improving. In November Asda reported a like-for-like sales decline of 5.8 percent for the third quarter to Sept. 30, compared to the second quarter when it reported a fall of 7.5 percent, its worst drop in quarterly sales. A further material improvement is expected when it reports fourth quarter sales on Feb. 21, with analysts forecasting a decline of 2-3 percent. Monthly industry data has also shown a better performance over Christmas and January. While sales fell 1.9 percent year-on-year by value in the 12 weeks to Jan. 29, according to Kantar, Asda increased the number of shoppers visiting its stores. The improvements reflect the early work of Clarke and former Sainsbury’s executive Roger Burnley, who joined as chief operating officer in October, analysts said. That includes making Asda stores cleaner and less cluttered, with more staff on the shop floor and better availability of fresh produce and meat -- key ranges that either drive customers into stores or, if you get them wrong, out. Clive Black, analyst at Shore Capital, said there are also signs that Asda is stepping up product innovation with, for example, new items in the frozen and chilled areas and in its “Extra Special” premium brand. At the same time Asda has developed complementary services and partners within its stores, such as with sports retailer Decathlon and butcher McGee's, while more freedom is being given to individual managers when it comes to the layout of their stores. NO RECOVERY TIMELINE It looks likely to be a long road to recovery, however. "Things are going a bit better but they're going a bit better from a catastrophic level of performance," one senior UK retail industry executive told Reuters, asking not to be named. "Everybody thinks you can turn around a business in a year or two and you can't. This is a five-year project," he said. He questioned whether Wal-Mart would provide the necessary investment. "Their instinct is to save their way to victory." Price said Wal-Mart was committed to Asda and has tasked Clarke with building a sustainable business model. While Asda has said it will cut prices equating to 1.5 billion pounds of savings to the customer over five years from November 2013, washing through at about 300 million pounds a year, Price declined to say what additional investment was required in the stores. "We are making very solid progress, (but) there's no timeline (for recovery)," he said. (Editing by Kate Holton and Sonya Hepinstall) Next In Business News Manufacturing jump shows economy ended 2016 strongly despite Brexit vote LONDON British manufacturing grew more strongly than expected in December, showing the economy remained resilient to the end of the year despite June's Brexit vote shock, although 2017 looks likely to be more difficult. Former RBS vice-chairman among investors seeking to join rights issue case LONDON A group of senior businessmen are among investors seeking to join a lawsuit against Royal Bank of Scotland saying they were misled over its massive rights issue in 2008, according to sources and court documents. Tata Steel, Thyssenkrupp merger talks face extensive delays LONDON Investors expecting a deal this year in Tata Steel's talks to merge its European assets with Germany's Thyssenkrupp risk disappointment, given complications associated with the Indian-owned firm's British pension scheme. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Home | Politics Tags: 2016 Elections | Donald Trump | business | leaders | carbon | tax | trump Old-Guard Republicans to Push Carbon Tax at White House Meeting  Hank Paulson (Getty Images) Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 11:39 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    A group of prominent Republicans and business leaders backing a tax on carbon dioxide were taking their case Wednesday to top White House aides, including chief economic adviser Gary Cohn. The group, including former Treasury Secretaries Hank Paulson and James Baker, is pressing President Donald Trump to tax carbon dioxide in exchange for abolishing a slew of environmental regulations. They unveiled their plan with a press conference in Washington and an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal. "We know we have an uphill slog to get Republicans interested in this," Baker said before heading to the White House. But "a conservative, free-market approach is a very Republican way of approaching the problem." Other possible attendees at the meeting include the president’s daughter, Ivanka Trump, who weighed climate change policy during the campaign, and Vice President Mike Pence. The Republican and business leaders, calling themselves the Climate Leadership Council, lend their stature to an approach for addressing climate change that mirrors an idea already advanced by Exxon Mobil Corp. Supporters say the tax is a conservative solution to climate change that replaces a regulatory regime with a free-market approach for addressing the greenhouse gas emissions. Wal-Mart Founder Paulson, who served as Treasury secretary under President George W. Bush, previously has advocated a carbon tax through his eponymous think tank, the Paulson Institute. Baker, who served as secretary of state and Treasury secretary under two Republican administrations, as well as former Secretary of State George Shultz, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. founder Rob Walton and Sequoia Capital Operations LLC partner Thomas Stephenson, among others. Economic advisers to former presidents George H.W. Bush and Ronald Reagan also are involved in the effort. "Climate change poses an unacceptable risk to our climate and to our economy," Paulson said in a statement. "Putting a price on carbon is by far the most efficient and effective way to restrict emissions." Baker himself conceded he remains "somewhat of a skeptic about the extent to which man is responsible for climate change" but the "risks are too great to ignore." The plan faces strong political headwinds; both Trump and a majority of the House of Representatives have come out against a carbon tax in the past year. Trump also has pledged to do away with environmental regulations limiting emissions of carbon dioxide But the idea of a carbon tax, long favored by economists as the most straightforward way to address climate change, could gain traction as part of a broad tax overhaul on Capitol Hill. Carbon Pricing Spreads Along With Debate About Payoff: QuickTake The blueprint involves a $40 tax on every metric ton of carbon dioxide released by burning fossil fuels, with the price climbing over time. To avoid an undue burden on the poor from the higher energy bills that would result, the projected $200 billion to $300 billion in annual revenue would be redistributed to households in the form of quarterly checks from the Social Security Administration. Families of four would see an average annual payout of $2,000 under the plan. The proposal also calls for border adjustments that would act to hike the costs of products imported from countries that do not put a price on carbon. Martin Feldstein, who headed former President Ronald Reagan’s Council of Economic Advisers, said the tax would be imposed at the point fossil fuels enter the economy, such as when oil leaves the refinery or coal leaves the mine. "The tax at the source is then built in to the prices of the products made from that raw material," Feldstein said. Romney Tweet Former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney described the proposal in a tweet as a "thought-provoking plan from highly respected conservatives to both strengthen the economy and confront climate risks." The group envisions the carbon tax taking the place of an array of Obama-era environmental regulations that raise the cost of fossil fuels. The centerpiece of President Barack Obama’s climate agenda, the Clean Power Plan slashing emissions from electricity, would be immediately repealed, while others would be phased out over time. U.S. companies emitting carbon dioxide also could win liability protections under the deal.  The idea dovetails with an approach advocated by some large integrated oil companies, including Exxon Mobil, which has promoted a revenue-neutral carbon tax instead of a patchwork of environmental regulations. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Exxon’s former chief executive, previously acknowledged the climate is changing and described a carbon tax as the most efficient means of embedding its cost in economic decisions stretching from oil companies to consumers. Oil Companies BP Plc has said a well-constructed carbon tax or cap-and-trade system would encourage energy producers and consumers to pare emissions, while Royal Dutch Shell Plc Chairman Charles Holliday has called a carbon tax the most effective and practical way of driving that change. It is unclear how the new plan will be received by Republicans in the White House and on Capitol Hill.  The Republican-led House last June approved a non-binding resolution condemning the idea of a carbon tax as "detrimental to American families and businesses." The measure, which passed 237-163, was designed to lock in lawmakers’ positions, making it harder for those who lodged a vote opposing a tax to support one later on. Trump has come out against the idea, rejecting a carbon tax in responses to a survey by the American Energy Alliance last March. Many of the conservative advocates guiding Trump’s energy and environment policy also eschew the idea. The approach also runs counter to Trump’s campaign promise to help bring back coal mining jobs. Because it generates more carbon dioxide emissions than natural gas and oil, coal would be the fossil fuel hardest hit by a tax on carbon. Opponents fear that with the foundation laid now, lawmakers could seize on a carbon tax as a potent source of revenue to offset rate reductions during a future congressional debate on overhauling the tax code. "This is not a climate proposal; it’s a tax proposal," said Thomas Pyle, head of the free-market advocacy group American Energy Alliance. "There’s no need to trade Obama’s climate regulations for a carbon tax. Donald Trump has already promised to undo them." The idea of scuttling carbon dioxide regulations also is a non-starter with many environmentalists who could be critical to advancing the tax idea. “We have a moral obligation to protect future generations from the growing dangers of climate change,” said Rhea Suh, president of the Natural Resources Defense Council. “Effective action means building on the progress we’re already making — not sacrificing those gains by weakening the laws Congress has already passed.” But a carbon tax has gained traction in some circles. Republican Bob Inglis, a former representative from South Carolina, has pitched the tax as a free-market solution to climate change. Tesla Inc. founder Elon Musk also has pressed the Trump administration on the issue. It could benefit his electric vehicle business by driving more consumers away from gasoline-fueled automobiles. The issue divides the oil industry; though Exxon Mobil is just one of several large integrated companies that favor a carbon tax, the idea is opposed by many independent producers that do not own pipeline and refining operations.   © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Politics A group of prominent Republicans and business leaders backing a tax on carbon dioxide were taking their case Wednesday to top White House aides, including chief economic adviser Gary Cohn. business, leaders, carbon, tax, trump 1195 Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 11:39 AM 2017-39-08 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Report: Ex-Navy SEAL Carl Higbie Interviewed for WH Press Secretary Friday, 10 Feb 2017 21:40 PM Former Navy SEAL Carl Higbie was interviewed Thursday for the position of White House press secretary, two top Trump adm . . . Bernie Sanders on Trump: 'Does Not Understand What Constitution Is About' Friday, 10 Feb 2017 20:56 PM The federal appellate court decision Thursday blocking President Donald Trump's travel ban executive order proved that " . . . Evangelical Moore Touted for Trump's Religious Freedom Post Friday, 10 Feb 2017 20:46 PM Evangelical author and religious freedom champion Johnnie Moore, a Newsmax contributor, is reportedly in the running to  . . . More Most Commented Appeals Court Rejects Trump Bid to Restore Travel Ban Sunday, 05 Feb 2017 | 912 comments Right now, Donald Trump is fighting this Marxist hydra alone. He needs... Decision on Trump Travel Ban Coming Thursday Thursday, 09 Feb 2017 | 669 comments Another brilliant move by Trump. Now, any domestic terrorist attack can... Ted Cruz Slams Democrats: 'Filled With Rage and Fury' Thursday, 09 Feb 2017 | 635 comments No problem.More demo-c-rats will be replaced in the next election.The rats... Gorsuch: Trump's Tweets on Judiciary 'Demoralizing,' 'Disheartening' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 557 comments The real tragedy is the politicization of the courts. Trumps executive... Ed Klein: Obama's Coming Crusade Against Trump Tuesday, 07 Feb 2017 | 533 comments Look, everyone! Here we have a liberal who can't accept the fact that... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades McClatchy Company (The) (MNI) to Hold Organovo Holdings, Inc. (ONVO) Shares Down 15.4% on Insider Selling iPass Inc. (IPAS) Stock Price Down 21.3% After Earnings Miss Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Brokerages Set Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Price Target at $30.42 Countrywide PLC (CWD) Receives GBX 207.13 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cincinnati Bell Inc (CBB) Receives $20.63 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) PT at $16.60 Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $37,986,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 8.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 526,701 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 40,438 shares during the period. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $37,986,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management bought a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth $100,000. BKS Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth $110,000. Piershale Financial Group Inc. boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the last quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 27.2% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,643 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $118,000 after buying an additional 351 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Vantage Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the third quarter. Vantage Investment Advisors LLC now owns 2,118 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $153,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the last quarter. 29.53% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded up 0.87% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $67.47. The stock had a trading volume of 1,008,996 shares. The stock has a market cap of $207.35 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.64 and a beta of 0.09. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $68.06 and its 200 day moving average price is $70.45. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a one year low of $62.35 and a one year high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The business earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.03 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.33 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/zurcher-kantonalbank-zurich-cantonalbank-has-37986000-position-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several equities analysts recently weighed in on WMT shares. Instinet reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $81.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Vetr raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $73.85 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, December 19th. BMO Capital Markets dropped their price objective on Wal-Mart Stores from $67.00 to $63.00 and set an “underperform” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, October 11th. Morgan Stanley dropped their price target on Wal-Mart Stores from $74.00 to $70.00 and set an “equal weight” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, MKM Partners reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $72.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Thursday, December 29th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twenty-two have given a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $74.28. In other news, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 245,328 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $16,760,808.96. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total transaction of $5,185,352.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Wal-Mart aims to leverage British arm Asda back to health By James Davey ReutersFebruary 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share A customer carries a shopping basket at an Asda store in northwest London, Britain, in this file photograph dated August 18, 2015. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/filesMore By James Davey LONDON (Reuters) - Wal-Mart <WMT.N> is throwing its weight as the world's largest retailer behind its struggling British arm Asda after admitting it was too slow to respond effectively to the threat posed by the discount supermarkets. Asda thrived for a decade as Britain's cheapest supermarket after it was bought by Wal-Mart in 1999 and remains the third-biggest in the country. But German-owned Aldi [ALDIEI.UL] and Lidl [LIDUK.UL] have steadily cut into Asda's market share. The two discounters started opening stores in the UK in 1990 and 1994, respectively, but their big breakthrough came when the economic crisis hit in 2008 and more British shoppers were prepared to give them a go. Declining sales show signs of tapering off since Wal-Mart veteran Sean Clarke became Asda's president and chief executive last July, with a focus on improving the look and feel of the stores as well as enhancing product lines. Wal-Mart will provide further firepower by ensuring Asda leverages the parent's purchasing strength in everything from refrigerators to own-brand products and real estate to drive down prices and costs, said Scott Price, chief administrative officer of Walmart International. "One thing that maybe we would criticize ourselves for is that we didn't start the repositioning of the business sooner, that we didn't focus more on the leverage opportunities so that Asda was able to invest more aggressively in price," Price told Reuters in an interview. "What Sean is able to do with his global experience at Wal-Mart is to know what levers to pull," he said, in a reference to Clarke's time with Wal-Mart in Japan, Canada and most recently as chief executive in China. Working more closely with its parent, Asda will be able to market more Wal-Mart brands as its own at a lower price than rivals, Price said. "He's able to pull private (Wal-Mart) brands and put an Asda brand on it that is equal to the national brand in the UK in terms of quality and sensory, but at a price that no one else can match," he said of Clarke. In return, Wal-Mart was looking for more ways to exploit the areas where Asda has excelled, for example with a popular olive oil originally sourced by Asda and now sold across the group, including in the United States and 10 other international markets. PERFORMANCE SLUMPED From its headquarters in Leeds in northern England, Asda claimed to be the first of Britain's major grocers -- which also includes market leader Tesco <TSCO.L>, No. 2 Sainsbury's <SBRY.L> and No. 4 Morrisons <MRW.L> -- to spot the threat from the discounters. With fewer stores in the more affluent southeast of England than its rivals and the vast majority of its business in the large stores that have become less fashionable in recent years, Asda was most exposed. After it lost its price advantage and failed to offer other reasons to shop there, performance slumped. Wal-Mart added to Asda's problems by diverting key executives from Britain to the United States and focusing too much on cutting costs and maximizing short-term profit at the expense of investing to protect market share, analysts said. The result has been nine straight quarters of underlying sales decline since the middle of 2014, which translated into a more than 1 percentage point loss in market share, according to researcher Kantar Worldpanel. Its share currently stands at 15.6 percent, versus more than 28 percent for Tesco. David Cheesewright, CEO of Walmart International, in June expressed disappointment at Asda's weak performance and said it would shift from protecting profit to protecting market share. The data shows signs of improving. In November Asda reported a like-for-like sales decline of 5.8 percent for the third quarter to Sept. 30, compared to the second quarter when it reported a fall of 7.5 percent, its worst drop in quarterly sales. A further material improvement is expected when it reports fourth quarter sales on Feb. 21, with analysts forecasting a decline of 2-3 percent. Monthly industry data has also shown a better performance over Christmas and January. While sales fell 1.9 percent year-on-year by value in the 12 weeks to Jan. 29, according to Kantar, Asda increased the number of shoppers visiting its stores. The improvements reflect the early work of Clarke and former Sainsbury’s executive Roger Burnley, who joined as chief operating officer in October, analysts said. That includes making Asda stores cleaner and less cluttered, with more staff on the shop floor and better availability of fresh produce and meat -- key ranges that either drive customers into stores or, if you get them wrong, out. Clive Black, analyst at Shore Capital, said there are also signs that Asda is stepping up product innovation with, for example, new items in the frozen and chilled areas and in its “Extra Special” premium brand. At the same time Asda has developed complementary services and partners within its stores, such as with sports retailer Decathlon and butcher McGee's, while more freedom is being given to individual managers when it comes to the layout of their stores. NO RECOVERY TIMELINE It looks likely to be a long road to recovery, however. "Things are going a bit better but they're going a bit better from a catastrophic level of performance," one senior UK retail industry executive told Reuters, asking not to be named. "Everybody thinks you can turn around a business in a year or two and you can't. This is a five-year project," he said. He questioned whether Wal-Mart would provide the necessary investment. "Their instinct is to save their way to victory." Price said Wal-Mart was committed to Asda and has tasked Clarke with building a sustainable business model. While Asda has said it will cut prices equating to 1.5 billion pounds of savings to the customer over five years from November 2013, washing through at about 300 million pounds a year, Price declined to say what additional investment was required in the stores. "We are making very solid progress, (but) there's no timeline (for recovery)," he said. ($1 = 0.7993 pounds) (Editing by Kate Holton and Sonya Hepinstall) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Hundreds of immigrants arrested in 'routine' U.S. enforcement surge 7849 messages6%72%22% 10 Ways to Make Money in Retirement Fisher InvestmentsSponsored Behind the Scenes with 'Newsies' Cast Filming Show Live 1 messages ‘Cash Me Ousside’ Girl Tells Dr. Phil That She Made Him Famous 167 messages3%73%24% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1277 messages5%58%37% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Larry Birkhead on Relationship with Anna Nicole Smith, Raising Their Daughter 1 messages Teen receives extremely blunt job rejection, fights back on Twitter 3106 messages5%73%22% Maryland Mom Pleads Guilty in Beating Death of 9-Year-Old Son For Eating Piece of Birthday Cake 2510 messages5%56%39% Why Customers Will Be Back For DIRECTV. DIRECTV for BUSINESS™Sponsored Nordstrom Respond to President Trump's Angry Tweet 1246 messages4%70%26% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1073 messages9%23%68% Larry Birkhead on Anna Nicole Smith, Daughter Dannielynn Today: Part 1 This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored We're up to six Patriots players who have publicly said they won't visit the White House 7958 messages5%65%30% Rosamund Pike Rips Her Dress Live on The Tonight Show: ‘I Might Have Just Fallen Apart From Behind!’ 192 messages7%71%22% Sessions calls rise in crime a ‘dangerous permanent trend,’ but FBI data shows rate consistently falling Thomas: Trump and his tools know that anything they say, however demonstratively false, will be believed by their rabid followers no matter what. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.3k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wal-Mart aims to leverage British arm Asda back to health Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed Feb 8, 2017 | 10:13am EST Wal-Mart aims to leverage British arm Asda back to health left right Shoppers leave the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 7, 2017. Picture taken February 7, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 1/22 left right Meat products are displayed at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 2/22 left right A shopper browses produce at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 3/22 left right An employee tidies shelves at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 4/22 left right A shopper walks through the meat section at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 5/22 left right Fresh fruit and vegetables are displayed at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 6/22 left right Meat products are displayed at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 7/22 left right Shopping bags are displayed at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 8/22 left right Fresh fruit is displayed at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 9/22 left right Fish is displayed on the seafood counter at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 10/22 left right An employee tidies shelves at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 11/22 left right Chickens are displayed on a shelf at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 12/22 left right An employee tidies shelves at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 13/22 left right A shopper browses shelves at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 14/22 left right A shopper selects fruit at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 15/22 left right Fresh mangos are displayed at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 16/22 left right An employee works on a checkout till at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 17/22 left right Fish is displayed on the seafood counter at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 18/22 left right An employee stocks shelves at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 19/22 left right Employees check stock at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 20/22 left right A shopper browses produce at the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain, February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh 21/22 left right FILE PHOTO: A company logo is pictured outside an ASDA supermarket near Manchester, Britain, April 7, 2016. REUTERS/Phil Noble/File Photo 22/22 By James Davey | LONDON LONDON Wal-Mart (WMT.N) is throwing its weight as the world's largest retailer behind its struggling British arm Asda after admitting it was too slow to respond effectively to the threat posed by the discount supermarkets. Asda thrived for a decade as Britain's cheapest supermarket after it was bought by Wal-Mart in 1999 and remains the third-biggest in the country. But German-owned Aldi [ALDIEI.UL] and Lidl [LIDUK.UL] have steadily cut into Asda's market share. The two discounters started opening stores in the UK in 1990 and 1994, respectively, but their big breakthrough came when the economic crisis hit in 2008 and more British shoppers were prepared to give them a go. Declining sales show signs of tapering off since Wal-Mart veteran Sean Clarke became Asda's president and chief executive last July, with a focus on improving the look and feel of the stores as well as enhancing product lines. Wal-Mart will provide further firepower by ensuring Asda leverages the parent's purchasing strength in everything from refrigerators to own-brand products and real estate to drive down prices and costs, said Scott Price, chief administrative officer of Walmart International. "One thing that maybe we would criticize ourselves for is that we didn't start the repositioning of the business sooner, that we didn't focus more on the leverage opportunities so that Asda was able to invest more aggressively in price," Price told Reuters in an interview. "What Sean is able to do with his global experience at Wal-Mart is to know what levers to pull," he said, in a reference to Clarke's time with Wal-Mart in Japan, Canada and most recently as chief executive in China. Working more closely with its parent, Asda will be able to market more Wal-Mart brands as its own at a lower price than rivals, Price said. "He's able to pull private (Wal-Mart) brands and put an Asda brand on it that is equal to the national brand in the UK in terms of quality and sensory, but at a price that no one else can match," he said of Clarke. In return, Wal-Mart was looking for more ways to exploit the areas where Asda has excelled, for example with a popular olive oil originally sourced by Asda and now sold across the group, including in the United States and 10 other international markets. PERFORMANCE SLUMPED From its headquarters in Leeds in northern England, Asda claimed to be the first of Britain's major grocers -- which also includes market leader Tesco (TSCO.L), No. 2 Sainsbury's (SBRY.L) and No. 4 Morrisons (MRW.L) -- to spot the threat from the discounters. With fewer stores in the more affluent southeast of England than its rivals and the vast majority of its business in the large stores that have become less fashionable in recent years, Asda was most exposed. After it lost its price advantage and failed to offer other reasons to shop there, performance slumped. Wal-Mart added to Asda's problems by diverting key executives from Britain to the United States and focusing too much on cutting costs and maximizing short-term profit at the expense of investing to protect market share, analysts said. The result has been nine straight quarters of underlying sales decline since the middle of 2014, which translated into a more than 1 percentage point loss in market share, according to researcher Kantar Worldpanel. Its share currently stands at 15.6 percent, versus more than 28 percent for Tesco. David Cheesewright, CEO of Walmart International, in June expressed disappointment at Asda's weak performance and said it would shift from protecting profit to protecting market share. The data shows signs of improving. In November Asda reported a like-for-like sales decline of 5.8 percent for the third quarter to Sept. 30, compared to the second quarter when it reported a fall of 7.5 percent, its worst drop in quarterly sales. A further material improvement is expected when it reports fourth quarter sales on Feb. 21, with analysts forecasting a decline of 2-3 percent. Monthly industry data has also shown a better performance over Christmas and January. While sales fell 1.9 percent year-on-year by value in the 12 weeks to Jan. 29, according to Kantar, Asda increased the number of shoppers visiting its stores. The improvements reflect the early work of Clarke and former Sainsbury’s executive Roger Burnley, who joined as chief operating officer in October, analysts said. That includes making Asda stores cleaner and less cluttered, with more staff on the shop floor and better availability of fresh produce and meat -- key ranges that either drive customers into stores or, if you get them wrong, out. Clive Black, analyst at Shore Capital, said there are also signs that Asda is stepping up product innovation with, for example, new items in the frozen and chilled areas and in its “Extra Special” premium brand. At the same time Asda has developed complementary services and partners within its stores, such as with sports retailer Decathlon and butcher McGee's, while more freedom is being given to individual managers when it comes to the layout of their stores. NO RECOVERY TIMELINE It looks likely to be a long road to recovery, however. "Things are going a bit better but they're going a bit better from a catastrophic level of performance," one senior UK retail industry executive told Reuters, asking not to be named. "Everybody thinks you can turn around a business in a year or two and you can't. This is a five-year project," he said. He questioned whether Wal-Mart would provide the necessary investment. "Their instinct is to save their way to victory." Price said Wal-Mart was committed to Asda and has tasked Clarke with building a sustainable business model. While Asda has said it will cut prices equating to 1.5 billion pounds of savings to the customer over five years from November 2013, washing through at about 300 million pounds a year, Price declined to say what additional investment was required in the stores. "We are making very solid progress, (but) there's no timeline (for recovery)," he said. ($1 = 0.7993 pounds) (Editing by Kate Holton and Sonya Hepinstall) Next In Business News Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Two U.S. senators are seeking details from Goldman Sachs Group Inc's chief executive on the extent to which the bank's employees were involved in drafting of the recent executive orders on banking and fiduciary regulations. Ford to invest $1 billion in autonomous vehicle tech firm Argo AI SAN FRANCISCO Ford Motor Co plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in tech startup Argo AI to help the Detroit automaker reach its goal of producing a self-driving vehicle for commercial ride sharing fleets by 2021, the companies announced on Friday. Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion Reckitt Benckiser has agreed to buy U.S. baby formula maker Mead Johnson Nutrition for $16.6 billion, giving the British consumer goods company a new product line and expanding its presence in developing markets. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 257/6 (81) - IND 687/6 (166) Live SL 296/8 (50) - SA 384/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home Money Wal-Mart aims to leverage British arm Asda back to health Shares1 Wed, 8 Feb 2017-08:22pm , Reuters But German-owned Aldi and Lidl have steadily cut into Asda's market share. Wal-Mart is throwing its weight as the world's largest retailer behind its struggling British arm Asda after admitting it was too slow to respond effectively to the threat posed by the discount supermarkets. Asda thrived for a decade as Britain's cheapest supermarket after it was bought by Wal-Mart in 1999 and remains the third-biggest in the country. But German-owned Aldi and Lidl have steadily cut into Asda's market share. The two discounters started opening stores in the UK in 1990 and 1994, respectively, but their big breakthrough came when the economic crisis hit in 2008 and more British shoppers were prepared to give them a go. Declining sales show signs of tapering off since Wal-Mart veteran Sean Clarke became Asda's president and chief executive last July, with a focus on improving the look and feel of the stores as well as enhancing product lines. Wal-Mart will provide further firepower by ensuring Asda leverages the parent's purchasing strength in everything from refrigerators to own-brand products and real estate to drive down prices and costs, said Scott Price, chief administrative officer of Walmart International. "One thing that maybe we would criticise ourselves for is that we didn't start the repositioning of the business sooner, that we didn't focus more on the leverage opportunities so that Asda was able to invest more aggressively in price," Price told Reuters in an interview. "What Sean is able to do with his global experience at Wal-Mart is to know what levers to pull," he said, in a reference to Clarke's time with Wal-Mart in Japan, Canada and most recently as chief executive in China. Working more closely with its parent, Asda will be able to market more Wal-Mart brands as its own at a lower price than rivals, Price said. "He's able to pull private (Wal-Mart) brands and put an Asda brand on it that is equal to the national brand in the UK in terms of quality and sensory, but at a price that no one else can match," he said of Clarke. In return, Wal-Mart was looking for more ways to exploit the areas where Asda has excelled, for example with a popular olive oil originally sourced by Asda and now sold across the group, including in the United States and 10 other international markets. PERFORMANCE SLUMPED From its headquarters in Leeds in northern England, Asda claimed to be the first of Britain's major grocers -- which also includes market leader Tesco, No. 2 Sainsbury's and No. 4 Morrisons -- to spot the threat from the discounters. With fewer stores in the more affluent southeast of England than its rivals and the vast majority of its business in the large stores that have become less fashionable in recent years, Asda was most exposed. After it lost its price advantage and failed to offer other reasons to shop there, performance slumped. Wal-Mart added to Asda's problems by diverting key executives from Britain to the United States and focusing too much on cutting costs and maximising short-term profit at the expense of investing to protect market share, analysts said. The result has been nine straight quarters of underlying sales decline since the middle of 2014, which translated into a more than 1 percentage point loss in market share, according to researcher Kantar Worldpanel. Its share currently stands at 15.6 percent, versus more than 28 percent for Tesco. David Cheesewright, CEO of Walmart International, in June expressed disappointment at Asda's weak performance and said it would shift from protecting profit to protecting market share. The data shows signs of improving. In November Asda reported a like-for-like sales decline of 5.8 percent for the third quarter to Sept. 30, compared to the second quarter when it reported a fall of 7.5 percent, its worst drop in quarterly sales. A further material improvement is expected when it reports fourth quarter sales on Feb. 21, with analysts forecasting a decline of 2-3 percent. Monthly industry data has also shown a better performance over Christmas and January. While sales fell 1.9 percent year-on-year by value in the 12 weeks to Jan. 29, according to Kantar, Asda increased the number of shoppers visiting its stores. The improvements reflect the early work of Clarke and former Sainsbury's executive Roger Burnley, who joined as chief operating officer in October, analysts said. That includes making Asda stores cleaner and less cluttered, with more staff on the shop floor and better availability of fresh produce and meat -- key ranges that either drive customers into stores or, if you get them wrong, out. Clive Black, analyst at Shore Capital, said there are also signs that Asda is stepping up product innovation with, for example, new items in the frozen and chilled areas and in its "Extra Special" premium brand. At the same time Asda has developed complementary services and partners within its stores, such as with sports retailer Decathlon and butcher McGee's, while more freedom is being given to individual managers when it comes to the layout of their stores. NO RECOVERY TIMELINE It looks likely to be a long road to recovery, however. "Things are going a bit better but they're going a bit better from a catastrophic level of performance," one senior UK retail industry executive told Reuters, asking not to be named. "Everybody thinks you can turn around a business in a year or two and you can't. This is a five-year project," he said. He questioned whether Wal-Mart would provide the necessary investment. "Their instinct is to save their way to victory." Price said Wal-Mart was committed to Asda and has tasked Clarke with building a sustainable business model. While Asda has said it will cut prices equating to 1.5 billion pounds of savings to the customer over five years from November 2013, washing through at about 300 million pounds a year, Price declined to say what additional investment was required in the stores. "We are making very solid progress, (but) there's no timeline (for recovery)," he said. ($1 = 0.7993 pounds) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Raghuram Rajan stepped down because of demonetization: P Chidambaram Money Snapdeal asks managers to 'right-size' teams; to lay off nearly 30% staff in two months: report Money IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad allays visa concerns; says have spoken to US govt Money Make In India: Govt approves electronics development fund of Rs 6,831 crore Money Hindustan Motors sells iconic Ambassador brand to Peugeot Money No breakdown in corporate governance at Infosys: Board member Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw Live Cricket Score Live BAN 257/6 (81) BAN trail by 430 runs IND 687/6 (166) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 296/8 (50) SA beat SL by 88 runs SA 384/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger View all Tags Asda UK England Kantar Worldpanel Reuters Tesco United States Aldi Canada China Japan Leeds Lidl Morrisons Scott Price Wal-Mart Britain Sainsbury Walmart International David Cheesewright McGee Shore Capital SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Punjab Police arrest four gangsters after shootout Delay in Governor's decision will create confusion: DK Trump not to address Parliament during UK visit: Report Sasikala writes to TN Governor, seeks appointment to prove majority Special children: Govt, civil society should join hands Sport Paired together Lahiri, Shubhankar have outside chance Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe "The timing could not have been better. A lot of quality Golf-Willett on target for first win since U.S. Masters triumph Entertainment The Kapil Sharma Show: Rishi Kapoor REVEALS he'll enact episodes from his book 'Khullam Khulla' on stage 'Kaabil' director Sanjay Gupta begins work on his next! Varun mum on Govinda's remarks on father David Dhawan WATCH: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt & Tom Holland on day 1 of 'Avengers: Infinity War' shoot Akshay Kumar's 'Crack' SHELVED or not? Director Neeraj Pandey BREAKS SILENCE on his delayed film Money All finance ministers have perpetual desire for lower rate: FM Copper, nickel strengthen on global cues, firm demand ICRA's Board approves buyback of its equity shares from open market through stock exchange Kirana: Select spices, led by black pepper and jeera, In New York Comex trade, gold for delivery in April Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart aims to leverage British arm Asda back to health By Reuters Published: 09:54 EST, 8 February 2017 | Updated: 09:54 EST, 8 February 2017 e-mail By James Davey LONDON, Feb 8 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart is throwing its weight as the world's largest retailer behind its struggling British arm Asda after admitting it was too slow to respond effectively to the threat posed by the discount supermarkets. Asda thrived for a decade as Britain's cheapest supermarket after it was bought by Wal-Mart in 1999 and remains the third-biggest in the country. But German-owned Aldi and Lidl have steadily cut into Asda's market share. The two discounters started opening stores in the UK in 1990 and 1994, respectively, but their big breakthrough came when the economic crisis hit in 2008 and more British shoppers were prepared to give them a go. Declining sales show signs of tapering off since Wal-Mart veteran Sean Clarke became Asda's president and chief executive last July, with a focus on improving the look and feel of the stores as well as enhancing product lines. Wal-Mart will provide further firepower by ensuring Asda leverages the parent's purchasing strength in everything from refrigerators to own-brand products and real estate to drive down prices and costs, said Scott Price, chief administrative officer of Walmart International. "One thing that maybe we would criticise ourselves for is that we didn't start the repositioning of the business sooner, that we didn't focus more on the leverage opportunities so that Asda was able to invest more aggressively in price," Price told Reuters in an interview. "What Sean is able to do with his global experience at Wal-Mart is to know what levers to pull," he said, in a reference to Clarke's time with Wal-Mart in Japan, Canada and most recently as chief executive in China. Working more closely with its parent, Asda will be able to market more Wal-Mart brands as its own at a lower price than rivals, Price said. "He's able to pull private (Wal-Mart) brands and put an Asda brand on it that is equal to the national brand in the UK in terms of quality and sensory, but at a price that no one else can match," he said of Clarke. In return, Wal-Mart was looking for more ways to exploit the areas where Asda has excelled, for example with a popular olive oil originally sourced by Asda and now sold across the group, including in the United States and 10 other international markets. PERFORMANCE SLUMPED From its headquarters in Leeds in northern England, Asda claimed to be the first of Britain's major grocers -- which also includes market leader Tesco, No. 2 Sainsbury's and No. 4 Morrisons -- to spot the threat from the discounters. With fewer stores in the more affluent southeast of England than its rivals and the vast majority of its business in the large stores that have become less fashionable in recent years, Asda was most exposed. After it lost its price advantage and failed to offer other reasons to shop there, performance slumped. Wal-Mart added to Asda's problems by diverting key executives from Britain to the United States and focusing too much on cutting costs and maximising short-term profit at the expense of investing to protect market share, analysts said. The result has been nine straight quarters of underlying sales decline since the middle of 2014, which translated into a more than 1 percentage point loss in market share, according to researcher Kantar Worldpanel. Its share currently stands at 15.6 percent, versus more than 28 percent for Tesco. David Cheesewright, CEO of Walmart International, in June expressed disappointment at Asda's weak performance and said it would shift from protecting profit to protecting market share. The data shows signs of improving. In November Asda reported a like-for-like sales decline of 5.8 percent for the third quarter to Sept. 30, compared to the second quarter when it reported a fall of 7.5 percent, its worst drop in quarterly sales. A further material improvement is expected when it reports fourth quarter sales on Feb. 21, with analysts forecasting a decline of 2-3 percent. Monthly industry data has also shown a better performance over Christmas and January. While sales fell 1.9 percent year-on-year by value in the 12 weeks to Jan. 29, according to Kantar, Asda increased the number of shoppers visiting its stores. The improvements reflect the early work of Clarke and former Sainsbury’s executive Roger Burnley, who joined as chief operating officer in October, analysts said. That includes making Asda stores cleaner and less cluttered, with more staff on the shop floor and better availability of fresh produce and meat -- key ranges that either drive customers into stores or, if you get them wrong, out. Clive Black, analyst at Shore Capital, said there are also signs that Asda is stepping up product innovation with, for example, new items in the frozen and chilled areas and in its “Extra Special” premium brand. At the same time Asda has developed complementary services and partners within its stores, such as with sports retailer Decathlon and butcher McGee's, while more freedom is being given to individual managers when it comes to the layout of their stores. NO RECOVERY TIMELINE It looks likely to be a long road to recovery, however. "Things are going a bit better but they're going a bit better from a catastrophic level of performance," one senior UK retail industry executive told Reuters, asking not to be named. "Everybody thinks you can turn around a business in a year or two and you can't. This is a five-year project," he said. He questioned whether Wal-Mart would provide the necessary investment. "Their instinct is to save their way to victory." Price said Wal-Mart was committed to Asda and has tasked Clarke with building a sustainable business model. While Asda has said it will cut prices equating to 1.5 billion pounds of savings to the customer over five years from November 2013, washing through at about 300 million pounds a year, Price declined to say what additional investment was required in the stores. "We are making very solid progress, (but) there's no timeline (for recovery)," he said. ($1 = 0.7993 pounds) (Editing by Kate Holton and Sonya Hepinstall) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News BioHiTech Global Appoints Former Walmart Executive Anthony Fuller as an Independent Member of Its Board of Directors CHESTNUT RIDGE, N.Y., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — BioHiTech Global, Inc. („BioHiTech” or the „Company”) (OTCQB: BHTG), a green technology company that develops and deploys innovative and disruptive waste management technologies, today announced the appointment of Anthony Fuller as an independent member to the Company’s Board of Directors.  Mr. Fuller recently completed a thirty-year career at Walmart where he last held the position of Senior Vice President.  During that tenure, he also served as one of twelve executives on the Walmart’s Global Sustainability Steering Committee providing direction for the company’s sustainability efforts. „The appointment of Mr. Fuller to our Board of Directors is an important step in BioHiTech’s corporate evolution as we move forward with our strategic plans to grow the business and upgrade our corporate visibility through a future uplisting to a national stock exchange,” said Frank E. Celli, BioHiTech’s Chief Executive Officer.  „While at Walmart, Mr. Fuller was responsible for the direction of sustainability efforts in addition to managing billions of dollars worth of procurement disbursements and corporate real estate assets.  His in-depth experience in supply chain management, organization building, and overseeing many aspects of rapid business expansion will be invaluable to us as we deploy our sustainable waste management solutions across North America and the globe to help drive BioHiTech’s value.” Mr. Fuller’s distinguished service at Walmart spanned over three decades culminating with his role as Senior Vice President.  For over 20 years, he led the teams which provided both property management and maintenance for Walmart’s global portfolio. During that time Walmart’s portfolio grew from under 1000 stores in 20 states in the United States, to over 10,000 stores in all fifty states, and 23 countries around the world with capital investment reaching $2 billion per year. Mr. Fuller served as the chairman of the real estate transaction committee and real estate finance committee and led the development of over 100 distribution centers ranging in size from 250,000 to 4 million square feet.  He successfully led the creation of an in-house REIT structure for a portfolio in excess of 500 million square feet, resulting in significant cost savings. Mr. Fuller chaired the REIT governance committee for over 15 years, dealing with all aspect of compliance and corporate governance.  He also led the restructure of Walmart’s indirect procurement efforts, managing a team responsible for dispersing more than $2 billion per year for items as diverse as supplies and structural steel. Beginning in 2008, Mr. Fuller has served as a member of the Board of Advisors of Global Healthcare Capital, a leading healthcare investor and asset manager for opportunities in the US, Europe, Asia and Australia. He also served on the Executive Committee and Board of Directors of REAP (Real Estate Associate Program), an organization opening opportunities for minorities in commercial real estate. Mr. Fuller received his BS in Agricultural Economics from Arkansas State University and his JD from the University of Arkansas.  Mr. Fuller added, „This is a very exciting time to join BioHiTech as a Board Member to help guide the Company toward its promising future.  In my work on the Global Sustainability Steering Committee at Walmart, I developed a keen understanding of the need for cost-effective sustainable waste management solutions and I am very excited about the enormous market potential of BioHiTech’s products. I look forward to working with Frank and the entire team to deliver strong results, manage growth, and create lasting value for our shareholders.” About BioHiTech Global BioHiTech Global (OTCQB: BHTG), „The Company” headquartered in Chestnut Ridge NY, develops and deploys innovative and disruptive waste management technologies. The combined offerings of BioHiTech Global offer our customers a full suite of technology based disposal options capable of having a significant impact on waste generation while providing a true zero landfill environment. With options for both on and off site biological treatment of waste, BioHiTech Global is a leader in zero waste solutions for businesses and municipalities.  For more information, please visit www.biohitechglobal.com. Forward Looking Statements Statements in this document contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements are based on many assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of future performance. These statements may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of BioHiTech Global, Inc. to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. BioHiTech Global, Inc. assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. Our actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation those set forth as „Risk Factors” in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission („SEC”). There may be other factors not mentioned above or included in the BioHiTech’s SEC filings that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. BioHiTech Global, Inc. assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by securities laws. Company Contact: BioHiTech Global, Inc. Lisa Giovannielli Director, Corporate Communications Direct: 845-262-1081 lgiovannielli@biohitech.com  www.biohitechglobal.com SOURCE BioHiTech Global, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, Environment, Markets, officer, Personnel Announcements, section, service, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Akorbi Receives Prestigious Women Business Enterprise of the Year Award from the Women’s Business Council – Southwest Next PostNext Timberland Brings SensorFlex™ Comfort System to Life in New „Made to Flex” Campaign Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News BioHiTech Global, Inc. (BHTG: OTCQB) | BioHiTech Global Appoints Former Walmart Executive Anthony Fuller as an Independent Member of Its Board of Directors CHESTNUT RIDGE, N.Y., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — BioHiTech Global, Inc. (“BioHiTech” or the “Company”) (OTCQB: BHTG), a green technology company that develops and deploys innovative and disruptive waste management technologies, today announced the appointment of Anthony Fuller as an independent member to the Company’s Board of Directors.  Mr. Fuller recently completed a thirty-year career at Walmart where he last held the position of Senior Vice President.  During that tenure, he also served as one of twelve executives on the Walmart’s Global Sustainability Steering Committee providing direction for the company’s sustainability efforts. “The appointment of Mr. Fuller to our Board of Directors is an important step in BioHiTech’s corporate evolution as we move forward with our strategic plans to grow the business and upgrade our corporate visibility through a future uplisting to a national stock exchange,” said Frank E. Celli, BioHiTech’s Chief Executive Officer.  “While at Walmart, Mr. Fuller was responsible for the direction of sustainability efforts in addition to managing billions of dollars worth of procurement disbursements and corporate real estate assets.  His in-depth experience in supply chain management, organization building, and overseeing many aspects of rapid business expansion will be invaluable to us as we deploy our sustainable waste management solutions across North America and the globe to help drive BioHiTech’s value.” Mr. Fuller’s distinguished service at Walmart spanned over three decades culminating with his role as Senior Vice President.  For over 20 years, he led the teams which provided both property management and maintenance for Walmart’s global portfolio. During that time Walmart’s portfolio grew from under 1000 stores in 20 states in the United States, to over 10,000 stores in all fifty states, and 23 countries around the world with capital investment reaching $2 billion per year. Mr. Fuller served as the chairman of the real estate transaction committee and real estate finance committee and led the development of over 100 distribution centers ranging in size from 250,000 to 4 million square feet.  He successfully led the creation of an in-house REIT structure for a portfolio in excess of 500 million square feet, resulting in significant cost savings. Mr. Fuller chaired the REIT governance committee for over 15 years, dealing with all aspect of compliance and corporate governance.  He also led the restructure of Walmart’s indirect procurement efforts, managing a team responsible for dispersing more than $2 billion per year for items as diverse as supplies and structural steel. Beginning in 2008, Mr. Fuller has served as a member of the Board of Advisors of Global Healthcare Capital, a leading healthcare investor and asset manager for opportunities in the US, Europe, Asia and Australia. He also served on the Executive Committee and Board of Directors of REAP (Real Estate Associate Program), an organization opening opportunities for minorities in commercial real estate. Mr. Fuller received his BS in Agricultural Economics from Arkansas State University and his JD from the University of Arkansas.  Mr. Fuller added, “This is a very exciting time to join BioHiTech as a Board Member to help guide the Company toward its promising future.  In my work on the Global Sustainability Steering Committee at Walmart, I developed a keen understanding of the need for cost-effective sustainable waste management solutions and I am very excited about the enormous market potential of BioHiTech’s products. I look forward to working with Frank and the entire team to deliver strong results, manage growth, and create lasting value for our shareholders.” About BioHiTech Global BioHiTech Global (OTCQB: BHTG), “The Company” headquartered in Chestnut Ridge NY, develops and deploys innovative and disruptive waste management technologies. The combined offerings of BioHiTech Global offer our customers a full suite of technology based disposal options capable of having a significant impact on waste generation while providing a true zero landfill environment. With options for both on and off site biological treatment of waste, BioHiTech Global is a leader in zero waste solutions for businesses and municipalities.  For more information, please visit www.biohitechglobal.com. Forward Looking Statements Statements in this document contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements are based on many assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of future performance. These statements may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of BioHiTech Global, Inc. to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. BioHiTech Global, Inc. assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. Our actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation those set forth as “Risk Factors” in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). There may be other factors not mentioned above or included in the BioHiTech’s SEC filings that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. BioHiTech Global, Inc. assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by securities laws. Company Contact: BioHiTech Global, Inc. Lisa Giovannielli Director, Corporate Communications Direct: 845-262-1081 lgiovannielli@biohitech.com  www.biohitechglobal.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/biohitech-global-appoints-former-walmart-executive-anthony-fuller-as-an-independent-member-of-its-board-of-directors-300403933.html SOURCE BioHiTech Global, Inc. Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBioHiTech Global, Inc., Business, commission, Companies, company, Environment, Markets, officer, section, service, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious sweetFrog to Open Newest Store in Maui Next PostNext SolaTrim LLC Inks Nationwide Canadian Distribution Agreement With Guillevin Greentech of Ontario Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Discount Shares Continue Expansion, Primed To Profit Like It's 2009 Motif Investing , Benzinga Contributor   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} February 08, 2017 8:29am   Comments Share: Related WMT Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Friday Trade Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From February 9 Amazon, Having Conquered E-Tail, Tackles Physical Retail (Investor's Business Daily) Related DG Will Amazon Expand Into Brick And Mortar? Some Wall Street Analysts Are Saying Yes Bernstein On Broadline, Hardline Retail: Target, Dollar General Favored Stocks Close At Record Highs; Nike Leads Dow (Investor's Business Daily) This article was originally published on Motif Investing. Traditionally viewed as a safe haven for investors during tough economic times, discounters are emerging as a portfolio insurance policy during good times, as well. Over the past year, middle-class retail bastions like Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT), Ross Stores (NASDAQ: ROST), Big Lots (NYSE: BIG) and Dollar General (NYSE: DG) have posted strong gains; higher wages and a strong employment outlook are likely to push retail sales higher in 2017. The last severe downturn, the Great Recession of 2007-09, shaved $16.4 trillion from U.S. household wealth – almost enough money to fuel the entire economy for a year. Real unemployment soared past 16 percent, and almost 3 in 4 Americans surveyed said they had either lost a job or knew a family member or close friend who had become unemployed. A 2010 Pew Research Center study found that more than 60 percent of Americans had cut back on spending, and 1 in 3 said they planned to spend less after the recession ended. They apparently stayed true to their word; while a slow recovery favored wealthy consumers, middle-class Americans who had been forced to shop at discounters by economic circumstance remained there by habit. Sales at Dollar General and Family Dollar rose more than 25 percent between 2010 and 2013. The 800-Pound Gorilla As the planet’s largest retailer, the Bentonville, Ark.-based Wal-Mart would seem to be a prime candidate to reflect the state of the economy. Yet in the depths of the Great Recession, the company’s same-store sales – a key indicator — rose more than 5 percent annually at its 5,000 U.S. stores. A 2011 University of California-Berkeley study found the average customer had spent $43.95 per visit, making 27 trips to Wal-Mart each year. While Wal-Mart isn’t a pure discounter, its sheer size has continued to attract bargain-hunters and people on limited incomes. Although the U.S. Department of Agriculture is considering appealing a South Dakota court ruling that it release individual store revenues for its Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, also known as food stamps, the company estimated that it received about 18 percent of the $80 billion program in 2013. The number of food stamp recipients has decreased slightly over the last three years to 43.5 million people, but 1 of every 6 American households still requires government help to buy food. Wal-Mart shares have increased about 10 percent over the last year, outpacing gains enjoyed by competitors such as Target (NYSE: TGT) and Costco (NASDAQ: COST). The retailer is in the process of cutting roughly 1,000 corporate jobs and shut 269 stores last year, in part to focus on increasing its online presence. Finally, the company is in the midst of a two-year, $20 billion stock buyback plan that can only boost share value. Twenty-eight of 31 analysts covering the company rate the stock as a hold or buy. Dollar Values At the other end of the discount spectrum are retailers such as Dollar General, Big Lots and Dollar Tree (NASDAQ: DLTR). Shares of all three have made modest gains over the last year, but the big story may be that many analysts believe there’s still room for growth. In the heart of the Great Recession, Dollar Tree stock traded around $10.50; lately, a share is valued at roughly $75. Big Lots has soared from $17.50 to almost $50 during the same time, and Dollar General shares have more than doubled, rising to $71 per share from about $22 during the worst of the downturn. Although its average 7,400-square-foot size is dwarfed by Wal-Mart, Dollar General has one surprising advantage. After adding 900 stores in 2016 and remodeling another 900, it has plans to add 1,000 more locations this year, bringing its U.S. total to almost 15,000 locations. And for investors who are leery of the Goodlettsville, Tenn.-based company’s estimates of 7 to 10 percent annual growth, they can take comfort in the company’s record of 26 consecutive years of increases in same-store sales. Dollar Tree, based in Chesapeake, Virginia, has also expanded rapidly, growing to almost 14,000 stores after it beat out Dollar General in 2015 to acquire Family Dollar in an $8.5 billion deal. While such huge mergers can often depress share values because of the large amounts of debt required, investors have punished the company; its stock has remained more or less even during the last year. A much smaller chain with fewer than 1,500 stores, the Columbus, Ohio-based Big Lots, hasn’t had problems with flat share prices. Over the past year, its stock has shot up 40 percent. While its revenue figures haven’t been rising, analysts see the company’s decision to close many of its under-performing stores as a step in the right direction, and the consensus estimate sees Big Lots stock rising from its current level of $49 per share to $54.50. Off-Price, On Target The off-price retail segment of the discount market is performing well, also. Off-price retailers primarily sell irregular items, closeouts, end of season, overrun and other merchandise before selling it at discount. Shares of TJX Companies (NYSE: TJX), the Framingham, Mass.-based retailer whose stores include T.J. Maxx, Marshalls and Home Goods, have risen more than 10 percent over the last year. Ross Stores, headquartered in Pleasanton, Calif., has posted an almost 30 percent gain for the 12-month period. TJX, which has about 3,600 stores worldwide, plans to expand to 5,600 locations over the long term, according to its chief executive. Ross, which has more than 1,300 stores, also is working on an expansion plan that could increase its presence to 2,500 stores. While online titans such as Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) have hurt middle-income retail bastions such as Macy’s, Ross and TJX stores have boomed because of the value to consumers. Instead of having to wait for sales at department stores, consumers know they’ll be able to buy clothes at a discount. “It’s more like treasure hunting,” a shopper explained recently to the Chicago Tribune. Posted-In: Motif InvestingRetail Sales Topics Markets Trading Ideas General © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + BIG) Will Amazon Expand Into Brick And Mortar? Some Wall Street Analysts Are Saying Yes Solid Execution, Amazon-Proof Business Keeps O'Reilly's Earnings Engine Running Smooth White Lace And Pepperoni: You Can Now Register Your Wedding With Domino's Wedbush Stays Bullish On Discount Retail, Prefers Burlington Stores Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On Nike And AutoZone Apple, NVIDIA Near All Time-Highs As Microsoft Remains Under Pressure View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on WMT Trending Recent 1 GILD: Martin Shkreli: I Would Buy Gilead Shares 2 IAG, TWTR: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 3 SIRI, ETM: A Decade After Leaving Traditional Radio, Howard Stern Is... 4 SPSC, MOS: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For Febr... 5 MHK, UFS: Earnings Scheduled For February 9, 2017 6 EXPE, P: 12 Stocks To Watch For February 9, 2017 7 TSLA, SCTY: Baird Is A Buyer Of Tesl... 1 Sugar Futures Extend Losses 2 U.S. Dollar Index Trading Higher, Import Prices Rise 3 CXW: Does Jeff Sessions As Attorney General Affect The Thesis On CoreCivic? 4 EGLE, INFN: 30 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 5 Big Guns, Cheap Banks, And Sweet Cash 6 GOOGL, JPM: Trigger Finance Makes Trading Less Emotional, More Logical 7 USD/CAD Moves Down, Canadian Unemployment Falls to 6.8 Percent View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products USD/CAD Trading Lower, Canadian Housing Starts Edge Up 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Whitehall Wal-Mart accepting applications for 200 positions Print Email Justine McGuire | justine_mcguire@mlive.com By Justine McGuire | justine_mcguire@mlive.com The Muskegon Chronicle Follow on Twitter on February 06, 2017 at 3:24 PM, updated February 06, 2017 at 5:12 PM comments WHITEHALL TOWNSHIP, MI - Wal-Mart is in the process of hiring 200 employees for its location in Whitehall Township, which could open as early as May.  A temporary hiring center is open at 3297 Colby St., suite F, in Whitehall, according to a release on Monday, Feb. 6, according to a release on Monday, Feb. 6. Applications will be accepted on site 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Monday-Friday.  Applications can also be submitted online.    Most associates will begin work in April to prepare the store at the southeast corner of the U.S. 31-Holton Whitehall Road interchange for its grand opening, according to the release.  "We are excited to start building a team to serve the Whitehall Township community," said Matt Jones, store manager, in the release.  The location is hiring full- and part-time positions, he added.  Wal-Mart previously estimated it would hire 250 people for the Whitehall Township location.  Whitehall Wal-Mart plans to hire 250, open spring 2017 At 122,000-square-feet, the Whitehall supercenter is smaller than most, which average 182,000-square feet. The larger supercenters employ about 300 people.  Construction began on May 25, 2016. It signaled the end of a long, pre-construction legal battle between the Bentonville, Ark.-based company and a local group calling itself BOW NOT -- Back Off Wal-Mart, Not Our Town.   BOW NOT and those who filed the lawsuit -- not all of them close neighbors of the proposed development -- claimed the township's approval of Wal-Mart in August 2013 injured them in several ways.  Whitehall Township planners approve Wal-Mart site plan on 5-0 vote, but issue is far from settled  The store will offer a full line of fresh produce, general merchandise including health and beauty items, baby and pet supplies, toys and games, electronics, sporting goods, apparel and household items.   A full-service pharmacy with drive-thru, vision center, money center, digital photo-processing center and Wal-Mart pickup will also be at the location.   Wal-Mart has more than 33,000 employees in Michigan, according to the release. During 2016, the company promoted 5,800 associates in the state, and 3,185 were converted from part-time to full-time.  Nationwide, Wal-Mart has hired more than 120,000 veterans through its Veterans Welcome Home Commitment, which began Memorial Day 2013, according to the release. The company will offer a job to any eligible U.S. veteran honorably discharged from active duty.  Veterans can find more information here.   Wal-Mart offers a benefits program to eligible full- and part-time employees, including health, matching 401(k) contributions, discounts, stock purchasing, life insurance and quarterly cash bonuses based on store performance, according to the release.   Michigan's Best 'They deserve it' - community rallies around Michigan's Best Bowling Alley Michigan's Best Bowling Alley: Top 10 revealed Michigan's Best bowling alley is in Fowler: E-Lanes Guide to all Michigan's Best searches Complete coverage » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Sections News Photo Store Archives 100 Years Ago Obituaries Senior Scene Cops and Courts Business National World Sports Penn State Joe Maddon Fall Preview 2016 Wildlife Best Of PNC Field Video National Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Capitol Matters John Cole cartoons Community Calendar Out & About Our Towns Parade Games Arts Calendar Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Contact Presspass Become a carrier Activate Contact Us My Subscription E-EDITION Print Advertising e-Edition Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Standard-Speaker All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week. Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Standard-Speaker on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at standardspeaker.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • Community • Classifieds • Contact • e-Edition • Marketplace Scammer caught in Rush Township By Amanda Christman / Published: February 8, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     A Hanover Township man accused of scamming people from out of state was caught in Rush Township, court papers say. Felix A. Tejeda, 35, allegedly fabricated stories of the victim’s relatives’ arrests while requesting the victims wire transfer money to him for bail. Then he’d pick up the money at Wal-Mart in Hometown until Rush Township police and store employees apprehended him Jan. 31. He faces three counts each theft by unlawful taking, access device fraud, theft by deception and identity theft — all third-degree felonies. Tejeda was arraigned the day of his capture by Magisterial District Judge Stephen Bayer, Tamaqua, who set bail at $25,000. Unable to post the money, he was taken to jail. Law enforcement in Ithaca, Michigan, contacted Rush Township police Jan. 13 stating a male contacted a couple in Michigan claiming he was a legal aide in Pennsylvania and that their grandson was involved in an accident and needed $5,000 bail, according to arrest papers. The male gave the victims the names of two bail bondsmen and told them they would have to wire $2,500 from two different Wal-Mart stores since the company only allows a person to receive $2,500 per day. As instructed, the victims sent the $5,000 in separate transactions from stores in the towns of Alma and St. Johns, police wrote, but when they got in touch with their grandson later that day they found they were duped. Knowing then that their grandson wasn’t in trouble in Pennsylvania, they contacted their local police. The couple managed to cancel one of the transactions but by the time they found out they were being scammed the first transaction had already been picked up at Wal-Mart in Hometown by Tejeda, who used a fake identification card, court papers state. Then on Jan. 26, an employee from the Hometown store contacted Rush Township police stating a 75-year-old woman from North Carolina just wired $2,500 to a male and it seemed similar to the Jan. 13 scam. Police received a photograph of the male picking up that money and later identified him as Tejeda — the same male pictured in video surveillance in the previous scam, police said. Rush Township police were back at the store Jan. 31 for another incident when a store employee told them the male committing the frauds was in the store again, completing another $2,500 transaction from a Nebraska woman, court records state. The officer took Tejeda into custody, finding him in possession of an Illinois driver’s license with a fake name and Tejeda’s photo and birthdate. Rush Township Police Chief Joe Lipsett said Tejeda invoked his right to an attorney so police weren’t able to interview him and are unsure if he committed other similar crimes. Upon his apprehension, police did retrieve the $2,500 he allegedly bilked from his latest victim, Lipsett said. The chief said the arrest resulted from good police work by Patrolman Ryan Oldt, who investigated and obtained Tejeda’s picture so police were able to identify him despite him using fake identities. “It was good police work by the officer here,” Lipsett said. He said officers will do what they can to resolve any crimes being committed. The arrest also serves as a educational tool to keep other victims from falling prey to similar schemes. Lipsett said before ever sending money for bail, people should try to contact the family member in question and/or other relatives to ensure the person is actually in jail. Lipsett suggested people also contact the jail where the person is reportedly being held, the court office the case supposedly was heard, and even their local police departments to find out if the claims and phone calls are legitimate. Locally, he said, bail requests are often made from a district judge’s office or from a jail. Residents should be aware that scammers often do “extensive” research on people to find out intimate details about their families before preying on them. achristman@standardspeaker.com We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 21 North Wyoming Street Hazleton, PA 18201 1-570-455-3636 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Standard Speaker PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS COMMUNITY BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND HAZLETON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us NEWS Police: Man found shot in Palatine Walmart parking lot Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7chicago.com/video/embed/?pid=1743224" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Police responded to reports of shots fired outside a Walmart in northwest suburban Palatine Tuesday night. (WLS) WLS Tuesday, February 07, 2017 10:43PM PALATINE, Ill. (WLS) -- Police said a man was found shot in the parking lot of a Walmart in northwest suburban Palatine Tuesday night. Police said they received the reports around 7:30 p.m. to the store in the 1500-block of Rand Road. Police said they found a 19-year-old male victim who had sustained one gunshot wound. The victim was conscious and able to provide information to officers, police said, and was taken to Lutheran General Hospital for treatment. Witnesses told the police the shooter or shooters may be inside the store, but police said a search of the store indicated they were no longer at the scene. In the parking lot police checked for bullet holes in parked cars and shell casings. Witnesses said shots rang out in the parking lot, sending people running for cover. Customers were upset, saying there's gang activity in that area. A Walmart spokesperson said no one inside was injured and the store remained open to customers. Palatine police remained on the scene, piecing together the circumstances of the shooting. Related Topics: newsshootingwalmartPalatine Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WLS-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Need a story investigated? Contact the ABC7 I-Team What's Next in the Legal Battle Over Trump's Immigration Plan Mystery voicemails about ComEd bills lead to another company's sales pitch Woman killed in police-involved shooting in North Center Orland Park police investigating woman's death More News Top Stories Woman killed in police-involved shooting in North Center Mystery voicemails about ComEd bills lead to another company's sales pitch Niles West high school coach charged with sexual assault of student 2017 Chicago Auto Show Guide I-Team: Mysterious Voicemails Orland Park police investigating woman's death Pedestrian fatally struck by Metra near Cicero Show More 2 teenage boys shot in Roseland 50-year-old man stabbed in Waukegan McDonalds Mike Ilitch, owner of Tigers and Red Wings, dies at age 87 Girl, 17, carjacked in her driveway in Western Springs PHOTOS: Wackiest vehicles at 2017 Chicago Auto Show More News Top Video First Look for Charity auto show gala Girl, 17, carjacked in her driveway in Western Springs Program aims to get more foreign students to DuPage Co. Chicago Civic Federation proposes sweeping budget fixes More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories Video Photos U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 54° View Live Radar Sun H 69° L 37° Mon H 56° L 35° Tue H 59° L 40° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Man is in critical condition after crashing car into water near Brainerd Wal-Mart Man is in critical condition after crashing car into water near Brainerd Wal-Mart February 7th, 2017 by Staff Report in Breaking News Emergency personnel work on Greenway View Drive in Brainerd to retrieve a car that went into the water. One victim was removed from the car. Photo by Emmett Gienapp /Times Free Press. This is a developing story. Approximate crash location 35.011866, -85.208402 Directions To | Directions From Emergency personnel work on Greenway View Drive in Brainerd, where a car went into the water. One victim was removed from the car. Emergency personnel work on Greenway View Drive in... Photo by Angela Lewis Foster /Times Free Press. Firefighters use a wench cable to pull a car onto its side, enabling the firefighters to pull the driver from the vehicle. (Photo by Battalion Chief Rick Boatwright) Firefighters use a wench cable to pull a... Photo by Contributed Photo /Times Free Press. A 75-year-old man is in critical condition after driving his vehicle off the roadway and into a pond near the Brainerd Wal-Mart late Tuesday afternoon. Battalion Chief Rick Boatwright with the Chattanooga Fire Department said the man was leaving the Wal-Mart and traveling north on Greenway View Drive when he drove off the roadway and down an embankment to the water below. When responders arrived, the car was completely submerged and upside down. Firefighters clambered down the embankment, climbed on top of the car and attached a winch, which was used to pull the vehicle onto its side to so they could see the driver. Once the vehicle had been raised partially, firefighters broke one of the windows and pulled the unconscious man out of the car. Firefighters immediately began administering cardio pulmonary resuscitation, according to a fire department news release. It has not been reported how long the man was underwater before responders arrived. Paramedics with Hamilton County Emergency Services took the man to Erlanger hospital. Two of the firefighters rode with the victim in the ambulance and continued CPR. The man's identity has not been revealed. Crews were able to retrieve the white Cadillac from the water. "They really had to think outside the box on this one," said Boatwright. "The car was totally submerged so they knew they had to act quickly, and they did just that. We are all hoping and praying for a positive outcome for the patient." Boatwright said the stretch of road that the driver wrecked on has been a known trouble spot for traffic. He said another car crashed in a similar way a little over a year ago, but the driver in that case was able to extricate himself. A spokesman for the Chattanooga Police Department said the traffic division will likely be looking at potential preventative measures along the road, including guard rails, in the wake of Tuesday's accident. Tweets by emmettgienapp Stay with the Times Free Press as more information becomes available. More Articles Read previous article Surge in illnesses forces several Chattanooga area school systems to shut down Read next article Mother charged with DUI in crash that killed her daughter Chattanooga Times Free Press Loading... Latest Articles Hamilton County Schools responds to federal lawsuit filed in connection with fatal bus crash Andy Berke faces three challengers for Chattanooga mayor's seat Search committee tasked with finding the next president at Chattanooga State Mayoral candidates clash during public forum at UTC Willard Clifton Land convicted of second-degree murder in death of Kerry Summer Angel Family sues Bradley County over jail hanging Women charged with stealing man's car, shoes Data conflicts with mayor's claim to have ended veteran homelessness Second Missionary Baptist Church hosts black history program today Man found guilty of second-degree murder in steak-knife slaying Chattanooga mayoral candidates speak at UTC forum Durham School Services responds to lawsuit, says case 'must be dismissed'
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Traffic Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News It's Only Money Oregon & the Economy Playbooks & Profits Silicon Forest Window Shop Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Wrestling Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Texting Wal-Mart worker strikes customer with cart, lawsuit says walmart.jpg A Bend area woman filed a $175,000 lawsuit against Walmart on Feb. 1, 2017. Carol A. Smith claims she was injured by an employee who was texting. (File photo) (The Associated Press) Print Email Aimee Green | The Oregonian/OregonLive By Aimee Green | The Oregonian/OregonLive The Oregonian Email the author | Follow on Twitter on February 07, 2017 at 5:50 PM comments A Wal-Mart shopper who says she was knocked down when an employee texting on his cellphone pushed a cart full of boxes into her filed a $175,000 against the world's largest retailer. Carol A. Smith claims the employee was texting while rounding a corner and maneuvering a stock cart stacked high with boxes when he crashed into her and her shopping cart. The incident happened at Wal-Mart's Bend store on Aug. 13, 2015, according to Smith's lawsuit filed last week in Deschutes County Circuit Court. The suit says Smith suffered a concussion; tenderness to her ears; and stiffness, tightness and loss of range of motion to her neck, shoulders and back. Nearly 11/2 years later, she still suffers from post-concussive syndrome, which includes short-term memory loss, said her attorney. Wal-Mart's national director of media relations, Ragan Dickens, on Tuesday said, "We have just been served with this complaint. We take Ms. Smith's claims seriously and will respond appropriately with the court. Due to this matter being active litigation, we can't comment further." Dickens also declined to answer a question about whether the store has any policies prohibiting employees from texting while on the job. Smith's Bend attorney, Warren John West, said he's represented many car crash victims who were struck by drivers who were texting or talking on their cellphones. But the circumstances surrounding Smith's injury is much more rare, he said. Smith, who lives in the Bend area, seeks up to $25,000 for medical costs, and $150,000 for pain and suffering.  Read the lawsuit here. -- Aimee Green agreen@oregonian.com o_aimee Most Read Active Discussions AM News Snapshot The day's important news, including local and national headlines, delivered every morning. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for subscribing! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Legal Notices Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round Energy In-depth: Wind power now largest renewable energy source, coal poised for small rebound Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers Professor: All politics is now national, leading to ‘confrontational politics’ Arkansas Press Association chief says Senate bill, other legislation looks to water down state FOIA rules DHS drafting plan to save costs, reduce disability waiting list Senate committee OK’s bill to allow gas utilities to recoup investment costs earlier Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion Fort Smith Homebuilders group announces job training program with Fort Smith Public Schools Four state business leaders to be enshrined in the Arkansas Business Hall of Fame Video / Podcasts Rep. Crawford contends Southerner as Ag Secretary will help Arkansas, offers glimpse of Obamacare unwind AG Rutledge: State, federal medical marijuana contradictions depend on federal prosecutors Simmons Bank CEO discusses growth environment, says Dodd-Frank could be altered not repealed Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Suppliers, retailers react as categories gravitate online The Supply Side: Wal-Mart to host suppliers for two-day growth summit Coach Bielema and his borderline neurotic year The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Report: Aldi is the ‘clear price leader’ compared to Wal-Mart BusinessLatest NewsNorthwest Arkansas by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 3 days ago 1,197 views  Tags: Aldi 0 SHARES Share Tweet Private label grocer Aldi is winning brownie points for its low prices among Millennial shoppers, large families and seniors looking for lower prices on food and consumables. Preferring organic, Reeves Hornibrook of Fayetteville recently noted on Facebook that Whole Foods was “breaking her wallet” but then she heard the local Aldi had a large selection of organic products and the savings added up to about 50%. A proprietary pricing study completed in mid-January by Deutsche Bank’s Paul Trussell found Aldi to be “the “clear price leader” when compared to Wal-Mart Stores. The study looked the prices of 43 items and it was conducted in northern New Jersey and Orlando, Fla. Trussell found Walmart to be 13.5% more expensive on average than Aldi. Aldi led in the food and household/personal care product categories, with the food basket at Walmart U.S. costing 14.3% more than Aldi, and the household/personal care basket at Walmart U.S. was 12.7% more expensive. “When looking at only private label SKUs (30 items), Aldi’s price advantage grew further,” Trussell noted. “The private label basket was on average 21.4% more expensive at Walmart than at Aldi. Taking into account national brands, which included 10 items, Walmart was only 2.5% more expensive, on average.” NO-FRILLS Aldi’s lean model includes small formats, no-frills merchandising. The items are are displayed in cardboard boxes often stacked on pallets. There is no need for cart attendants as shoppers are asked to reserve a cart for 25 cents, which is given back when the cart is returned. Shoppers must also provide their own shopping bags, but in many cases shoppers simply pick up empty boxes they see in the store to gather groceries and often consumers put the groceries directly in the car with no bags or boxes. Aldi is able to pass these operational savings to the customers in the form of lower prices. Aldi stores average about 10,000 square feet and offer a limited assortment of around 1,300 of the most commonly-purchased grocery and household item with an emphasis on private brands. The limited item count is a complaint often made about Aldi and also that about 90% of the items are private label. That said consumers like Mary Ann Moffett Jones of Rose Hill, Kan., said she loves Aldi’s Greek yogurt and “It’s just as good as the more expensive brands.” Jones was one of the consumers recently posting on Aldi’s Facebook page. PRICE COMPARISON Talk Business & Politics recently completed its own pricing survey comparing prices from the newly redesigned Aldi in Rogers against Walmart Pickup Grocery, which allows consumers to order items online and pickup at store location of their choosing. Looking at 30 items ranging from meat, produce, dry grocery, dairy and non-edible consumables the basket at Aldi came to $62.47 while the same private label items at Walmart cost $83.89. The overall savings at Aldi on this particular shopping trip was $21.42. Dairy was the category with the biggest savings of 42%. While the large container of plain Greek Yogurt was similarly priced at both stores, there were big savings on milk, eggs and cheese. A dozen large eggs cost just 49 cents at Aldi compared to $1.97 at Walmart. A half gallon of 2% milk cost 59 cents at Aldi compared to $1.85 at Walmart. The large bag of 2% grated Mexican cheese was $2.19 cheaper at Aldi. It’s important to note that the milk and egg prices at Aldi were part of a local promotion and there was a limit of 2 dozen on the eggs. The Deutsche report showed Walmart and Aldi to be competitively priced on a gallon of 2% milk at $3.34 and $1.74 on a dozen of large eggs in the two markets it surveyed. There were also some substantial savings on meat purchased at the Rogers Aldi. A package of Polish Kielbasa, fresh center cut pork chops, one pound of 85% lean ground beef and a 2.5 pound bag of uncooked frozen chicken tenders cost $14.51 at Aldi. Nearly identical items at Walmart cost $19.25. The biggest savings came on the bag of chicken which was 63 cents per pound cheaper at Aldi. The pork chops were $1.22 more expensive at Walmart and the hamburger meat (80% lean) cost $1.20 more. There was also a $1 savings on the sausage at Aldi. Fresh produce, an area where Walmart U.S. CEO Greg Foran has placed much emphasis over the past year, still shows Aldi to have lower prices on six of the seven items purchased. Sliced tomatoes were the only item on the list competitively priced at both stores — $1.99 at Aldi compared to $1.98 at Walmart. The savings on fresh produce, which included organic mixed greens, came to $3.33 at Aldi. Cucumbers were about 30 cents cheaper each, avocados were 30 cents cheaper each and there was about $1 price difference in the organic mixed greens at Aldi. A 5-pound bag of Russet potatoes was 16% cheaper at Aldi and fresh zucchini about 38% less expensive than Walmart. The head of iceberg lettuce cost $1.15 at Aldi versus $1.49 at Walmart. Dry grocery was the area where Aldi and Walmart were most competitive. Walmart was cheaper on taco shells and pasta sauce, but the overall baskets dry grocery savings totaled $4.94 at Aldi. Cashews were $1.79 less expensive, there was a $1 savings on corn tortilla chips with marginal savings on items like a loaf of oat bran bread, walnuts, organic honey, 4-pound bag of sugar and cooking spray. In the Deutsche report there were hefty savings on items like vanilla wafers which were 43% less expensive and raisin bran cereal was 33% cheaper than at Walmart on average. The savings at Aldi are not just found in food. Non-edibles items like 2-pack of paper towel, 3-pack of scrub sponges and a box of 80 count dryer sheets cost a total of $5.67 at Aldi, compared to $8.86 at Walmart in Northwest Arkansas. The Deutsche report looked at Tide detergent (75 oz bottle) which was 50 cents cheaper at Aldi for the exact same product. Pantene Pro-V daily moisture renewal shampoo was identically priced at $3.84 at each retailer as was the Secret powder deodorant at $2.47. The Crest complete (whitening Scope) toothpaste was 22 cents cheaper at Aldi. Walmart was 5 cents less expensive on liquid hand soap but evenly prices or more expensive on the other items checked by Deutsche. Aldi also features at least one or two aisles of general merchandise that changes every week or so. Items like folding card tables, kitchen utensils, laundry baskets, car jacks, toys and even apparel can routinely be found on these treasure hunt aisles. GERMAN THREAT Aldi may not be the only place consumers shop given the limited items but the no-frill grocer continues to expand its U.S. footprint. Aldi USA operates around 1,600 stores in 35 states. In March 2016 Aldi opened its first stores in Southern California and plans to operate nearly 2,000 stores by the of 2018. Though Aldi has had a U.S. presence for several decades it hails from Germany originally where it and its primary competitor Lidl have wreaked havoc on Walmart ASDA in the United Kingdom and other retailers across Europe. Lidl is in the midst of launching its U.S. division along the eastern seaboard states with its regional headquarters under construction in Fredericksburg, Va., and distribution network underway in North Carolina. Lidl has eyed 80 store locations from Georgia to New Jersey and plans to invest $200 million in Virginia alone by 2018. Carol Spieckerman, CEO of Spieckerman Retail, warns that U.S. retailers should take notice of the looming threat Aldi and Lidl present in the next couple of years. “Be afraid, very afraid. Lidl presents a looming threat to any and all U.S. grocers and dollar stores. The combination of Aldi and Lidl is a market share-grabbing nightmare,” Spieckerman told Talk Business & Politics. “European retailers such as Tesco, Sainsbury’s and others learned this the hard way after initially underestimating the potential impact of Aldi and Lidl’s proliferation. Hopefully U.S. retailers won’t make the same mistake. Lidl should be expected to hit U.S. shores with a big bang.” She said in the U.K. Aldi and Lidl doubled market share in one year and together, now command 10% of the grocery market. She expects Lidl won’t drag its feet once its U.S. supply chain and operational infrastructure is up and running. Comments comments Previous post Sen. Cotton: Limiting green cards would help blue-collar workers Next post Rep. Hill looks to encourage broker-dealers to publish research on exchange traded funds Newsletter Sign up to get latest from TB&P in your inbox! Talk Business & Politics Newsletter Sign Up Subscribe Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Nate Steel It’s time to end Dodd-Frank’s hit on community banks Frank D. Scott, Jr. Black leaders making a difference in business, their communities Barbara Taylor How to find a silver lining in a tarnished industry Tim Leathers Task force could help overhaul Arkansas’ tax code Boyd Evert A New Year’s resolution for Walmart Latest Popular Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers 11 hours ago Professor: All politics is now national, leading to ‘confrontational politics’ 12 hours ago Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round 14 hours ago Energy In-depth: Wind power now largest renewable energy source, coal poised for small rebound 20 hours ago Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion 1 day ago Fayetteville restaurant Stone Mill to open second location in Bentonville 1,684 views Report: Aldi is the ‘clear price leader’ compared to Wal-Mart 1,197 views The Supply Side: Wal-Mart to host suppliers for two-day growth summit 1,175 views Gaining Traction: Five startup industries to watch in 2017 1,114 views Fort Smith Board of Directors places RITA on notice, terminates River Valley Sports Complex 966 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round Energy In-depth: Wind power now largest renewable energy source, coal poised for small rebound Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers Professor: All politics is now national, leading to ‘confrontational politics’ Arkansas Press Association chief says Senate bill, other legislation looks to water down state FOIA rules DHS drafting plan to save costs, reduce disability waiting list Senate committee OK’s bill to allow gas utilities to recoup investment costs earlier Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion Fort Smith Homebuilders group announces job training program with Fort Smith Public Schools Four state business leaders to be enshrined in the Arkansas Business Hall of Fame Video / Podcasts Rep. Crawford contends Southerner as Ag Secretary will help Arkansas, offers glimpse of Obamacare unwind AG Rutledge: State, federal medical marijuana contradictions depend on federal prosecutors Simmons Bank CEO discusses growth environment, says Dodd-Frank could be altered not repealed Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Suppliers, retailers react as categories gravitate online The Supply Side: Wal-Mart to host suppliers for two-day growth summit Coach Bielema and his borderline neurotic year The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Gaining Traction: Five startup industries to watch in 2017 BusinessLatest NewsNorthwest ArkansasStartups by Jennifer Joyner (JJoyner@nwabj.com) 3 days ago 1,114 views  Tags: startups to watch 0 SHARES Share Tweet Each year, Northwest Arkansas gets further along in the cultivation of a growing entrepreneur ecosystem, with the addition of one company, one angel fund, one accelerator program at a time. Many of the emerging businesses are driven by technological innovations that fall within what AOL founder Steve Case has described in multiple media accounts as the “third wave” of the digital revolution, where every area of our lives relies on the internet. Case writes about it in his book, “The Third Wave,” where he describes the movement, which he says began in 2015, as a time in which entrepreneurs will “vastly transform major real world sectors like health, education, transportation, energy and food — and in the process change the way we live our daily lives.” Here are five key industries identified by those familiar with the Northwest Arkansas startup scene as areas of projected growth and development for the region’s entrepreneurial landscape in 2017. • E-Commerce A few years ago, John James built a Fayetteville-based e-commerce company based on providing products to largely untapped markets, notably raising $83 million in funding in 2013. Acumen Brands paved the way for e-commerce companies like Menguin, an online tuxedo rental company previously based in Atlanta, to set up shop in the area and find success. James not only paved the way for Menguin, he was directly involved in bringing its founders to the region. CEO Justin Delaney said James, now an investor and startup consultant, wrote Menguin its first investment check, and although relocation to Arkansas was not part of the deal, Delaney and the business’ other co-founder, Kurt Sutton, believed they could learn a lot about the business in close proximity to the surgeon-turned-entrepreneur. They took up office in James’ Hayseed Ventures space in downtown Fayetteville, and in 2015 Menguin showed a 2,000% rise in revenue, followed by another 400% in growth for 2016, Delaney said. It has six distribution centers around the country and about 20 full-time employees. Menguin now has a newly minted partnership with Target as the retailer’s first digital partner for its bridal registries, allowing the company to reach Target’s 500,000 to 600,000 gift registry participants with ads and special offers, Delaney said. He likes to go against the grain. “We try to go where people aren’t,” he said. If it’s not something he learned from James, it’s a strategy the two have in common. Delaney said James was the first to figure out how to effectively use Facebook as a marketing tool, and because of that Menguin reaped the reward of an immense amount of business during a short period. “By the time a person has a good idea and you find it out from someone else, that idea’s probably old. You have to figure out something early on to get an edge,” Delaney said. Carol Reeves, associate vice provost for entrepreneurship in the Sam M. Walton College of Business at the University of Arkansas, said “Menguin tapped into an industry that was ripe for disruption.” Initially, the founders planned to start a custom suit company. However, while the two were both earning MBAs from Kelley School of Business at Indiana University, Sutton had a bad experience renting a tux, prompting them to enlist the help of faculty to research the industry. Research showed more than 80% of customers renting tuxes or suits were dissatisfied with the experience. “That’s higher than airlines, for example,” Delaney said. Public companies in the industry showed gross margins of 80%. Delaney and Sutton saw an opportunity and decided to pivot to tuxedo rentals. They entered a business plan competition in 2014, winning $100,000 from an angel investment round of investors that included NBC’s “Shark Tank” star and the NBA’s Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban. Noted entrepreneur Scott Dorsey, another initial investor, became Delaney’s mentor, he said. Rick Webb, founder of Grit Studios in Rogers, also pointed to Junk Brands, a custom headband and apparel company in Bentonville, as a player to watch in the e-commerce realm. Webb said e-commerce companies can do well in Northwest Arkansas for several reasons. “A big part of it is having people who were willing mentors and subject matter experts. John James is one of those mentors that we should be proud of here,” Webb said. Grit Studios focuses on building the entrepreneurial ecosystem by helping small businesses get to the next level. • Medical Technology Webb, former senior vice president of global business processes at Wal-Mart Stores, said there is a group of healthcare technology companies in Northwest Arkansas quietly gearing up to make a global impact, and he is invested in some of these companies through NewRoad Capital Partners in Rogers. One example is Now Diagnostics in Springdale. Webb said, “It will change the world,” although he admits to possible bias tied to his personal investment. The company recently raised more than $20 million. Now Diagnostics develops fast, simple diagnostics tests and — after about four years in business — now has a few products on the market for clinical use and several in various stages of development. Commercialization in the medical device industry takes time, as the company must meet rigorous and time-consuming legal requirements. In 2016, Now Diagnostics worked toward gaining its first at-home use approval, for its hCG early-stage pregnancy blood test. It successfully completed a clinical trial and submitted to the Food & Drug Administration for a CLIA waiver — which would indicate that the test was easily administered with a low risk of errors. The company hopes to gain home-use approval for the product — now being used in clinical settings in the U.S. and Europe — in 2017. The company has three heart attack tests and three toxicology tests on the market in Europe. The development pipeline includes more cardiac tests and tests for sexually transmitted diseases, food intolerances and common infectious diseases, according to the company. There are seven patents and two patents pending on the technology inside its tests, through the World Intellectual Property Organization. CEO Kevin Clark said the biggest challenge for the company has been the decisions that come with a technology that is widely applicable. “This platform works on virtually any discernible biological marker, making it a challenge to decide which test to bring to the market first,” Clark said. Now Diagnostics has about 50 employees, about two-thirds of which are located in the company’s U.S. headquarters in Springdale, and Webb said he hopes Arkansas can keep Now Diagnostics in the state long-term. “I think it will be an incredible success for Arkansas in the next few years,” he said. Ascendant Dx, which leases space from Now Diagnostics but has no connection to the company, is also a medical technology startup with the potential to make strides toward commercialization in 2017. Its signature product is an early-stage breast cancer test that looks for markers in teardrops. The test is still in the clinical trial phase, and the company earned several honors last year, including making the finals for the social impact category at SXSW Eco and the U.S. Small Business Administration’s InnovateHER. Lineus Medical, founded by a former nurse in 2015 and based in Fayetteville, is another company to watch, Webb said. Its premier product in development, SafeBreak I.V., is used to prevent dislodging of IV catheters. • Software Engineering If you ask Reeves, a successful company often boils down to having “amazing tech, a great management team and a great market.” RevUnit in Bentonville has all three, she said. Michael Paladino and Joe Saumweber were co-workers at Rockfish Interactive, now Rockfish Digital, when they met and decided to start the software product development studio RevUnit near the end of 2012. “Everyone in town was focused on digital marketing,” Saumweber said. “We loved building digital products. Products are different. They endure for much longer than a marketing campaign, they build a relationship with the user. Done right, products are shaped more by those who use them than by those who create them. This was just a different way of thinking at the time, and it meant that we had to strike out on our own to create the mindset we envisioned.” Now, there are other operations similar to RevUnit throughout the country, Saumweber said. But they are relatively small, and the larger companies are still more focused on campaigns. In particular, RevUnit focuses on products that help companies transform its workforce, he said. “Employees of the Fortune 500 are some of the most underserved when it comes to beautiful, usable technology,” he said. “Our mission is to increase agility in large enterprises by building tools that improve communication, productivity, engagement and learning for the workforce.” With about 40 employees, mostly in Northwest Arkansas, RevUnit has nearly doubled in size each year, and Saumweber said the team wants to further that growth by beefing up its client roster, which now includes Wal-Mart Stores, Virgin, AutoZone, Toll Brothers and Purina. At the beginning of February, the company will move to a new Bentonville location at the former Farmers Exchange building at 409 S.W. A St., which is four times the size of its current, 2,300-square-foot office on Main Street. Webb has invested in RevUnit through New Roads, and praised Saumweber’s and Paladino’s “thoughtful” approach and “balanced business model.” “They started with a strong relationship with Wal-Mart but were not dependent on that relationship. Some businesses put all their eggs in one basket, and if that client decides to change its plans and part ways, the company almost has to start over,” Webb said. • High Technology Several high-tech companies have been formed in the past few years out of academic research at the UA, and Ozark Integrated Circuits is one now picking up momentum, said Jeff Amerine, founding principal of Startup Junkie Consulting, which mentors and works with entrepreneurs at companies of all sizes. Founded in 2011, Ozark IC designs “rugged” electronic circuits that can withstand harsh conditions and are used in a wide variety of industries, from consumer electronics to aerospace technology. Most computer chips are made of silicon and can only work at temperatures up to 125 degrees Celsius or 257 Fahrenheit, said Matt Francis, founder and president of the company. Ozark IC specializes in silicon-carbide circuits that can operate at temperatures as high as 500 degrees Celsius, almost 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit. In 2017, Ozark IC plans to build on ongoing research grants and commercial contracts. “We’re pretty steadily having three to five projects ongoing at any one time,” Francis said, adding that he hopes the company will get close to $1 million in revenue in 2017. In terms of research contracts, 2016 was a big year for the company. It won its first Phase II research contract from NASA, totaling $755,000 over two years, as well as smaller Phase I contracts from NASA and the U.S. Air Force. The push last year was to expand its work in engine markets as well as its design and testing capabilities for circuits that could withstand the atmosphere of Venus. Ozark IC also landed commercial contracts that are now in mass production. It created an electronics design for an original equipment manufacturer and recently shipped the first 100,000 units, said Jim Holmes, chief technology officer. He did not disclose the name of the manufacturer, but said Ozark IC used its experience in low power design to make its batteries last 10 times longer than the previous model. In 2017, pending research and commercial contracts could help the company break into new markets, including clean geothermal energy, Francis said. While Holmes said hiring at Ozark IC has been “cautious and incremental” — there are eight employees at the company — it doubled in size from 2014 to 2015 and is on track to grow between 20% and 50% this year. Francis said staffing and cash flow have been the biggest challenges in the past few years, but the company’s restrained approach to hiring has paid off. “The best thing we’ve been able to do is get the right folks on board at the right times,” he said. Reeves points to several other companies that sprung from the UA’s scientific research programs and that she says are poised for success, including the early-stage businesses Little Bird Systems, which deals with the Internet of Things, WattGlass, which makes glare-free glass coatings for solar panels and lighting fixtures, and Boston Mountain Biotech, which makes technology for the pharmaceutical industry. All are neighbors of Ozark IC in the Arkansas Research and Technology Park in Fayetteville. Reeves’ entrepreneurship program has been the birthplace for all types of businesses and entrepreneurs, and Reeves regularly works with the university’s scientific researchers to connect them with business student partners in her class — “because you need both,” she said. • Last-Mile Solutions Although it did not originate in Northwest Arkansas, Chef Shuttle is an influential startup in the area and represents a major nationwide trend, last-mile solutions, which refers to a wide range of technologies and processes that connect goods and services to consumers in their homes or offices. Chef Shuttle, founded in 2014 in Little Rock, will mark its 500,000th delivered restaurant order in the coming months, said Ryan Herget, president and CEO. It now operates in 40 cities and works with more than 450 food establishments, including 50 in Northwest Arkansas, a market it entered in 2015. “We make life easier by delivering customers’ favorite foods from their favorite restaurants when they want and where they want, from the same menus and at the same prices as dine-in customers,” Herget said. The company now has 250 total staff and contracted drivers across its three markets — it also has operations in Memphis — with 50 of those employees based out of its Northwest Arkansas headquarters in Rogers. Herget said fast growth has led to some challenges, especially in keeping software and the front-facing customer experience up to date. However, the company plans to open in at least six new metro areas soon and will launch a new software program and website in 2017. Reeves stressed the importance of last-mile solutions, by calling the identification of the next big innovation “the million-dollar question.” Webb said the last mile is “the Holy Grail,” in the retail world and possibly other industries. The crux of the trend is convenience, a common thread that transcends industry in consumer expectations. Webb believes last-mile innovations will continue to gain traction, especially as transportation solutions like the ride-sharing companies Uber and Lyft broaden their business model to delivery, partnering with retailers and other companies. Last mile is something that the public — and even Webb himself admits — demands now, he said. “Customers want personalized attention,” he said. “We’re willing to tell companies more and more about who we are and what we want and how we live. And we expect them to cater their offerings to us.” Comments comments Previous post Black leaders making a difference in business, their communities Next post P.A.M. earnings decline 48% in 2016, 77% in fourth quarter Newsletter Sign up to get latest from TB&P in your inbox! Talk Business & Politics Newsletter Sign Up Subscribe Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Nate Steel It’s time to end Dodd-Frank’s hit on community banks Frank D. Scott, Jr. Black leaders making a difference in business, their communities Barbara Taylor How to find a silver lining in a tarnished industry Tim Leathers Task force could help overhaul Arkansas’ tax code Boyd Evert A New Year’s resolution for Walmart Latest Popular Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers 11 hours ago Professor: All politics is now national, leading to ‘confrontational politics’ 12 hours ago Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round 14 hours ago Energy In-depth: Wind power now largest renewable energy source, coal poised for small rebound 20 hours ago Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion 1 day ago Fayetteville restaurant Stone Mill to open second location in Bentonville 1,684 views Report: Aldi is the ‘clear price leader’ compared to Wal-Mart 1,197 views The Supply Side: Wal-Mart to host suppliers for two-day growth summit 1,175 views Gaining Traction: Five startup industries to watch in 2017 1,114 views Fort Smith Board of Directors places RITA on notice, terminates River Valley Sports Complex 966 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Crime February 7, 2017 5:11 pm Florida man shoots, kills 19-year-old alleged Walmart shoplifter By Elton Hobson Online Video Producer  Global News What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Police in Orange County, Fla., are investigating a fatal shooting at a Walmart after a bystander intervened in an alleged shoplifting. According to the Orange County Sheriff’s Office, the incident took place at approximately 8:00 on Saturday morning at a Walmart in the Orlando area. Police say Arthur Adams, 19, and another unidentified male were loading a two carts full of diapers into their car in front of the store, allegedly without having paid for them, when they were confronted by a store employee. Story continues below Related Donald Trump’s likeness found on heroin packets seized in Florida drug bust Deadly Craigslist trade ends with Florida father shot in front of son Refugees brave freezing cold, walk to Canada to escape Donald Trump’s USA That’s when police say a 50-year-old man who was a customer at the store became aware of the dispute and decided to get involved. Police are still working to determine exactly what happened next, but  the man told police he “felt threatened” when Adams allegedly reached for something, prompting him to produce a pistol and open fire on Adams and the other male. READ MORE: Refugees brave freezing cold, walk to Canada to escape Donald Trump’s USA “The Orange County Sheriff’s Office detectives have been working with Walmart representatives and interviewing witnesses to determine the facts in the weekend shooting at the Walmart store,” Orange County Sheiff Jerry Demings said in a statement to media. “The investigation is ongoing and we ask the community not to rush to judgment.” Police say both Adams and a teenage girl who was with the two suspects were struck by the gunfire. The suspects attempted to flee in their vehicle, but proceeded on foot after their car struck two other cars in the parking lot. Police say Adams made it as far as a gas station across the street from the Walmart, where he collapsed. He was rushed to hospital where he was later pronounced dead. The teenage girl later turned herself in to police with a gunshot wound to her leg. She’s said to be in stable condition. A spokesperson for the Orange County Sherriff’s Office told Global News that the department is still working to determine why Adams was allegedly stealing just diapers. As for the customer who intervened and fatally shot Adams, police say the issue is now before the Florida State Attorney, who will determine whether charges are warranted. “The case will be presented to the State Attorney for review and appropriate charges will be determined for all involved,” Demings said. “The use of deadly force will be evaluated based on law and the right to protect one’s self or others from great bodily harm or death.” READ MORE: Donald Trump’s likeness found on heroin packets seized in Florida drug bust Police say Adams was known to them prior to Saturday’s shooting. “There have been numerous felony arrest warrants [for Adams], 15 approximately,” Capt. Angelo Nieves told WESH 2 News. “He’s had four convictions and at the time of this incident, he was wanted on multiple arrest warrants.” In addition, the Orlando Sentinel reports that the car used in the incident had been reported stolen on Jan. 14. Police have released photographs of the other suspect. They are appealing to the public for anyone with information to come forward. © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Concealed carry weapon diapers Florida Florida man Orange County Orange County Sheriff's Office pistol Robbery Shooting Shoplifting Stand Your Ground Walmart Editor's Picks Money Why variable-rate mortgages are becoming more attractive to Canadians Crime 20 years later, Diana Saunders still searches for her 3 missing sons Canada Muslim misconceptions: The everyday Islamophobia facing Canadians Money Trump travel ban prompts high-skilled workers, companies to reconsider Canada Politics Anonymous calls for travel ban on US citizens, boycott of Donald Trump businesses Commentary Cucks and chaos: How Trump sets conservatives at each other's throats Canada Renee was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, depression and agoraphobia. Here’s how she got help FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Man who beheaded Greyhound bus passenger granted full discharge 8514 Donald Trump is considering a whole new travel ban 4302 Seth Meyers calls out Donald Trump's silence on Quebec mosque shooting 3037 Why you should look up in the night sky this weekend 2997 Not the common cold: Mom urges parents to pay attention for RSV signs 1917 Sponsored content Popular Videos Man missing in Alberta after collision on Highway 1 WATCH NOW Missing Canadian found near Amazon rainforest, comes home to Toronto WATCH NOW Twin sex offenders released in Edmonton show long history of deviant behaviour WATCH NOW Anton Pilipa, missing Canadian found near Amazon rainforest, comes home to Toronto WATCH NOW Family puts the brakes on 17-year-long road trip WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Home Explore Craig Contests Classifieds Extra Extra eEdition Your Health Print Subscription Apps Sign in Register Craig Daily Press Jump to content 43° Overcast Hi 39° Lo 16° Home News Local news Your Health Weather Schools and education Agriculture Business Election On the record Faith Obituaries Births Weddings Extra! Extra! Sports Opinion Letters to the editor Columns Submit a letter Discussions Video & Photography Photo Galleries Current Videos Archived Videos Submit a photo Community Submit Anniversary Birth Engagement Letter to Editor News story suggestion Obituary Photos Press release Wedding Classified ad Request Magazines Breaking news alerts E-edition Public notices Drunk people causing problems: On the record and jail report for Jan. 31 to Feb. 7 By Craig Daily Press Staff Report Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Discuss Comment Advertisement Craig Police Department Friday, Feb. 3 1:24 a.m. On the 900 block of West First Street, officers found an escapee from Correctional Alternative Placement Services on foot and arrested him on a warrant. 9:36 a.m. At the Bank of Colorado, officers responded to a report of fraud involving bounced checks. 11:23 a.m. At Craig Middle School, officers responded to a report of a disturbance involving a juvenile. 2:33 p.m. At an undisclosed location, officers responded to a report of child abuse or neglect. 2:51 p.m. On the 100 block of West 12th Street, officers responded to a report of a woman being harassed by phone. A male party was warned. 3:06 p.m. On the 900 block of Ledford Court, officers responded to a report of fraud. A woman had received calls allegedly from the Internal Revenue Service stating this is the last notice she would receive. 11 p.m. At the Super 8 Motel, officers responded to a report of a drunk man yelling at two employees in the lobby. The man was a guest at the motel and was sent back to his room twice and told he could he could stay if he doesn’t cause any more problems. 11:18 p.m. On the 800 block of Pershing Street, officers responded to a report of a domestic disturbance involving a woman throwing glasses. Saturday, Feb. 4 12:44 a.m. On the 400 block of Yampa Avenue, officers took a report from a man who had been kicked out of Mathers' Bar and was accusing a female bartender of libel and slander. He reported that she disagreed with his political opinion and also that his credit card was stolen. Officers contacted him at Walgreen’s, where he said he’d been dropped off by the taxi by mistake on his way home to Ridgeview, but the taxi driver reported receiving no call from the man. He started yelling and screaming and left before the taxi could supposedly "return" to pick him up. 8:06 a.m. At the Cool Water Grill, officers responded to a report of disorderly conduct. A middle-aged man reportedly came in, ordered a drink and started having outbursts, then passed out at his table with vomit all over him. 2:24 p.m. On the 3500 block of Juniper Place, officers responded to a report of theft from a blue GMC Sierra. The male owner’s rent money was stolen from the vehicle. 3:33 p.m. Near Moffat County High School, officers responded to a report of a suspicious male party walking down Ninth Street toward Finley Lane yelling to himself. 4:20 p.m. At the Dollar Tree, officers responded to a report of sex assault on a child. 5:30 p.m. At Walmart, officers responded to a report of a disturbance caused by kids running throwing rocks at a recreational vehicle that was parked overnight in the parking lot. The kids reportedly left in a station wagon. 9:08 p.m. At the Columbine Apartments on Wickes Avenue, officers responded to a report of harassment from a drunk female tenant towards two employees. The woman reported being mad because on Friday, she was asked to clean the bathroom. The woman was contacted and asked to stop. 9:48 p.m. At Walmart, officers responded to a second complaint about teenagers throwing snowballs at an RV. 10:10 p.m. On the 600 block of East 10th Street, officers responded to a report of criminal mischief. A back window had been broken out of a truck parked on the street. 10:27 p.m. At Walmart, officers responded to a third report from an RV-owner of kids throwing snowballs at the RV. Sunday, Feb. 5 12:43 a.m. At Walmart, officers responded to a fourth report of harassment involving kids throwing things at an RV. Officers finally contacted three people and one juvenile was issued a summons for curfew violation and harassment. 2:04 a.m. At the Popular Bar, officers responded to a fight. A male party had an injury to his face and alleged he was assaulted by another unknown male. No description of the man was provided and officers are investigating the incident. The injured man was not being cooperative and was trespassed from the bar. 2:30 a.m. On 900 block of Taylor Street, officers responded to a report of a verbal domestic disturbance. A male friend came and agreed to take the male party for the night. 7:06 a.m. On the 500 block of Ledford Street, officers responded to a report of theft of prescription medicine at Sunset Meadows, but it wasn’t clear if a theft actually occurred. 1:19 p.m. On the 100 block of Barker Street, officers responded to a report of criminal mischief. A house was egged during the night. 1:26 p.m. On the 1000 block of School Street, officers received a report of a wanted man sitting in his truck and arrested the man. 1:35 p.m. At The Memorial Hospital Clinic on Russell Street, officers responded to a report of a possible stolen vehicle. A wife called in to report her husband went out the night before and lost his vehicle. He thought he had left it by a medical clinic, but she went to look for it and couldn’t find it. Officers found the car at the clinic. 2:46 p.m. At O’Reilly’s Auto Parts on West Victory Way, officers responded to a report of harassment. A male party reported that his ex’s boyfriend pulled up behind him and honked his horn. Officers mediated the issue with both parties. 5:45 p.m. At Wendy’s on West Victory Way, officers responded to a report of a suspicious and intoxicated man making strange comments to the employees. The man was arrested for violation of a protection order stating he wasn’t supposed to be drinking. 7:36 p.m. On the 500 block of Ledford Street, officers responded to a report of a suspicious incident. The reporting party saw someone bury some things on a neighboring property, possibly some dead elk. The suspicion was determined to be unfounded. 8:14 p.m. At the Moffat County Jail, officers assisted in restraining an unruly inmate. 9:31 p.m. On the 400 block of East Fourth Street, officers responded to a report of an assault. A juvenile was charged with assault against a family member. 9:51 p.m. At Colorado Northwestern Community College, officers responded to a report of a Chevy Camaro that had collided with and damaged a fence. The driver was issued a summons for careless driving. Monday, Feb. 6 5:02 a.m. On the 400 block of Breeze Street, officers responded to a report of a suspicious article. Someone found a dresser drawer outside in the snow containing personal property that was found to belong to man who was arrested Saturday. 10:08 a.m. On Harris Drive, officers booked a found $20 bill turned in by someone walking down the street. 11:09 a.m. On the 600 block of East Fourth Street, officers responded to a report of harassment. A woman was threatening to report things that hadn’t occurred unless the man paid her money. The woman was arrested for domestic violence, criminal extortion and harassment. 6:12 p.m. On the 1200 block of West Sixth Street, officers responded to a report of a disturbance and possible assault between juveniles. 6:45 p.m. At the Timberline Apartments on Juniper Place, officers responded to a report of a possible theft of narcotics from an apartment. The incident is under investigation. Moffat County Jail Tuesday, Jan. 31 Rigoberto Diaz- Arcos, 30, of Rock Springs, Wyo., was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Victoria Ann Garduno, 41, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold. Elizabeth Lee Morgan, 26, of Craig, was arrested on charges of alleged criminal impersonation and driving under restraint, non-alcohol-related. Kyle Lee Sanborn, 24, of Rangely, was arrested on charges of bond revocation. Francisco Tziquin-Guarchaj, 26, of Rock Springs, Wyo., was arrested on immigration charges. Jose Villa-Quezada, 25, of Rock Springs, Wyo., was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Gary Michel Walker, 30, of Grand Junction, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold. Scottie Dean Brooks, Jr., 19, transient, was arrested on charges of alleged theft and crimes against at-risk adults and juveniles. Wednesday, Feb. 1 Justin Kyle McAlexander, 22, of Craig, was arrested on charges of alleged driving under restraint related to alcohol and displaying expired temporary permit. Kyle Lee Sanborn, 24, of Rangely, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold for allegedly driving while ability impaired. Charles David Bergstrom, 55, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail to serve time for a previous offense. Joe Manuel Marquez, 28, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a warrant for failure to appear relating to illegal weapons charges. Thursday, Feb. 2 Kyle Joseph Jablonski, 31, of Denver, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold. Craig E. Adams, 56, of Ault, Colo., was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold. Maimie E. Swanson, 37, of Craig, was arrested on charges of alleged third degree assault and domestic violence. Jethro Adam Ferguson, 42, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a warrant for failure to appear relating to dangerous drugs charges. Samantha Bobby Jean Manning, 25, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold. Friday, Feb. 3 Rae-Ann Marie Isaacs, 23, transient, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a warrant for failure to comply relating to dangerous drugs charges. Anthony Joseph Manning, 51, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a warrant for escaping from Correctional Alternative Placement Services. Matthew James Manning, 21, transient, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a warrant for failure to comply. Saturday, Feb. 4 Garcine Bell, 42, of Craig, was arrested on charges of alleged careless driving and driving while ability impaired. Sunday, Feb. 5 Felix Obed Ceballos-Montoy, 28, of Craig, was arrested on charges of alleged driving under the influence of liquor. Michael Aaron Cox, 46, of Greeley, was arrested on charges of alleged possession of weapons by a previous offender and unlawfully carrying a concealed weapon. Michael Allen Hayes, 33, was arrested on charges of alleged possession of weapons by a previous offender. Gabriel Ryan King, 34, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on several warrants for failure to appear for a 30-day jail sentence, relating to charges of larceny and violation of a court order. Kennith William Savage, 48, of Craig, was arrested on charges of alleged violation of a restraining order. Brandon Cory Sommers, 39, of Craig, was arrested on charges of alleged driving under the influence of liquor and child abuse. Monday, Feb. 6 Michael Aaron Cox, 46, of Greeley, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a warrant for parole violation. Kelly Louise Watson, 46, of Craig, was arrested on charges of alleged domestic violence, criminal extortion and harassment. Tyler James Ketchum, 25, of Craig, was arrested on charges of alleged possession of illegal drugs, controlled substances and drug paraphernalia. Tuesday, Feb. 7 Kimberly Ann Miner, 36, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail to serve time on a previous offense. Jarrett Tenney, 38, of Dinosaur, was booked into Moffat County Jail to serve time on a previous offense. More like this story On The Record for Aug. 20 On the record for Nov. 25 On the record for Dec. 14 On the record for Oct. 25 On the record for Nov. 24 Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Requires free registration Posting comments requires a free account and verification. Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email > 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Tweets from https://twitter.com/craigdailypress/moffat-county Popular stories John Pogline: No means no 4 comments Retail pot will not be on April ballot in Craig 4 comments Does Craig need more space for conferences, weddings, special events? 2 comments Lance Scranton: Grow up! 2 comments Right to die? Not at Craig's hospital 1 comment Broadband top priority for Hickenlooper; Moffat County completes broadband report 1 comment Advertisement Craig Daily Press News archives / About / Contact / Terms of Use / Privacy Policy / Staff / Public notices ExploreCraig.com Add your business / Feedback / Contact Craighomefinder.com Craig Real Estate Services Advertising / Order a magazine Submit News / Photos / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Birth / Letter to the Editor / Press release Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Craig Daily Press. All rights reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices GOP Plan to Overhaul Tax Code Gets Held Up at the Border The Wall Street Journal. Richard Rubin 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Where the Obamas are headed after the White House 15 celebrities who had epic fails as entrepreneurs Click to expand Replay Video Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion A Homeland Security Department report seen by Reuters also says the border wall President Trump wants could take more than three years to build. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Cote d’Azur is a french business man who believes Uber’s technology is the reason that his marriage ended. He said that through the app his wife could see where he had been and he was going. Apparently, his wife did not approve of where he had been and they got divorced. He is now suing Uber for 45 million euros, which is $48 million American dollars. Uber has not yet commented on the lawsuit publicly. It is their policy to not make comments about individual cases. Wochit Business Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Entertainment Reporter Katrina Szish previews the movies in theaters this weekend and the Grammy Awards. Fox Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Republican Border Adjustment Tax Plan Explained The Wall Street Journal. See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion Reuters1:04 Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Wochit Business0:32 Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Fox Business4:01 Meet the collaborative robots that work with you Bloomberg3:14 An interesting shift is happening in the marijuana business International Business Times1:00 Is Under Armour asking for a backlash? The Wall Street Journal.0:43 Serial house sitting is the new fad for retirees CNBC0:56 This zero-waste packaging is made from bamboo CNN Money3:19 Top grossing pets on Instagram GOBankingRates1:13 Trump's tweets aren't helping Twitter make money Veuer0:42 Weak peso helps tequila giant Jose Cuervo go public The Wall Street Journal.1:02 Beautiful beaches that are ridiculously expensive GOBankingRates1:06 How do fake news sites make money? BBC News1:13 Trump meets with airlines CNBC2:00 This is the world's most expensive chocolate bar CNBC0:39 Honoured Apple CEO takes aim at Trump Reuters1:31 UP NEXT WASHINGTON—Republicans see a once-in-a-generation opportunity to overhaul the U.S. tax code. Just weeks into Donald Trump’s presidency, they are getting a taste of why such attempts are always confounding—every action creates an equal and opposite reaction. A linchpin of the House Republicans’ tax plan, an approach called “border adjustment,” has split Republicans and fractured the business world into competing coalitions before a bill has even been drafted. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 68.02 -1.06 -1.53% Target Corp TGT ▼ 65.73 -0.68 -1.02% Toyota Motor Corp TM ▲ 112.89 +0.97 +0.87% General Electric Co GE ▲ 29.72 +0.13 +0.44% AdChoices A border-adjusted tax would impose a levy on imports, including components used in manufacturing, and exempt exports altogether. Opposing it are retailers, car dealers, toy manufacturers, Koch Industries Inc., oil refiners and others that say it would drive up import costs and force them to raise prices. “Every time somebody buys something at Wal-Mart or Target or fills up their car with gas, they’re going to get hit pretty hard with this thing,” says Andy Roth, vice president of government affairs at the Club for Growth, a free-market advocacy group. “I don’t think that’s what the voters signed up for in November.” The proposal’s architects, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady (R., Texas) and Speaker Paul Ryan (R., Wis.), have support among House Republicans and major export-driven companies such as General Electric Co. Supporters say the House tax plan would encourage domestic investment and reward companies that manufacture in America. Border adjustment would raise short-term government revenue, many economists say, by operating like a levy on the $500 billion trade deficit. “We cannot afford to shoot for mediocre, to try to get to the middle of the pack or just do what’s politically easy,” says Mr. Brady. “Yes, I know tax reform is difficult. That’s why it only occurs once a generation.” The fire over border adjustment has landed the GOP’s tax-code overhaul drive in excruciatingly familiar territory: Nearly everyone agrees the code needs revamping, but every existing provision has its staunch defenders and every new approach its detractors. Charities are alarmed by Mr. Trump’s proposal during his campaign to cap itemized deductions at $100,000 for individuals and $200,000 for married couples. Private-equity managers are worried by the House proposal to end the deduction for net business-interest costs. The real-estate industry and state governments have big concerns, too. Mr. Brady says he is listening to objections and looking at ways to smooth the transition for taxpayers. Still, “we are going bold because we have to,” he says. “We don’t have a choice. We’ve got to get back into the lead pack to become competitive again, and so that means shaking up the current tax code.” There is plenty in the broader House GOP plan for Messrs. Brady and Ryan to pitch to businesses and lawmakers, including lower rates and immediate deductions for capital expenses. Border adjustment is a pillar of the plan, however, and the fight over it is dominating the broader debate, a preview of months of skirmishes over every corner of the tax bill. Last week, GE, Dow Chemical Co. and Pfizer Inc. joined a coalition backing border adjustment that says the proposal would help end disadvantages for American-made products. Meanwhile, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Target Corp., Nike Inc. and Toyota Motor Corp. joined an opposing coalition, warning that border adjustment will cause consumer price increases. Rep. David Schweikert (R., Ariz.) got a Ways and Means Committee seat in January and quickly found himself staying up late reading competing reports on the proposed tax change and hearing from businesses that barely communicated with him before. “I have a lot of new friends,” he says. Mr. Trump initially labeled the idea “too complicated” and said he didn’t like the term. “Any time I hear ‘border adjustment,’ I don’t love it,” Mr. Trump said in a Jan. 13 interview with The Wall Street Journal. He has called for a “big border tax” that narrowly targets companies that outsource production for goods sold in the U.S. The White House appeared to embrace border adjustment as a way to draw money from Mexico, only to back away and say it is one option. It didn’t respond to requests for comment for this article. What isn’t in doubt is the GOP’s intention to seize the moment. “The chances of tax reform occurring are the best we’ve seen in 30 years,” says former Rep. Dave Camp, a Republican whose tax-code overhaul attempt essentially died the day he unveiled it in 2014, thanks to divisions inside the GOP. Republicans plan to turn in earnest to tax policy after passing health legislation this year. Although plans for quick action on repealing the Affordable Care Act have been slipping, they still want to make tax overhaul a signature 2017 project. House Republicans want to drop the top individual tax rate to a 25-year low, cut the corporate tax rate to the lowest since 1939 and kill the 101-year-old estate tax. Those are the politically easy choices, the ones Republicans argue would boost economic growth and simplify taxes. If that is all they sought, they could copy their 2001 playbook, push through tax cuts with a 10-year expiration date and declare victory. Mr. Brady says Republicans won’t do that. They are rethinking fundamental tax rules for businesses and individuals, trying to improve investment incentives and remove tax provisions they say distort economic choices. That would affect every industry and income group, inevitably creating winners and losers. “If you make your living off of some special deal in the current income-tax system, you’re not going to like it,” says Rep. Devin Nunes (R., Calif.), a senior Ways and Means member. “But most Americans don’t make their living off of benefits in the tax code, and they want the tax code simplified.” To avoid blowing a giant hole in the federal budget, House members plan to offset the rate cuts with provisions that would be large tax increases if considered on their own. The Republicans’ task is harder than in 1986, when they worked with Democrats to scrub the tax code. This time, many Democrats are poised to dismiss the GOP plans as unacceptable tax cuts for rich individuals tied to untested changes for businesses. A memo from Senate Democratic tax staffers in December called the House plan “highly regressive and fiscally irresponsible.” “We’re seeing these proposals being depicted as having near perfection and the opponents saying it’s fiscal Armageddon,” says Rep. Richard Neal of Massachusetts, the top Democrat on Ways and Means. “My hunch is that’s where substantive hearings over a long period of time could be very helpful.” Mr. Brady and his staff are still writing their plan, and there are many details to figure out. Generally, here’s how border adjustment would work: Companies wouldn’t be able to deduct import costs as regular business expenses anymore. Target, say, couldn’t deduct the cost of toys made in China and McCormick & Co. couldn’t deduct for spices it buys abroad. Both have expressed concerns about border adjustment. On the flip side, exports and other foreign sales wouldn’t count as income, meaning the U.S. would stop taxing its companies’ foreign revenue and profits. When GE, which backs border adjustment, sells a turbine in Indonesia, it wouldn’t have to pay a U.S. tax on the sale, no matter where the product is made. Those changes would reshape the corporate tax system so the U.S. would tax only goods and services used in the country. One advantage is that it would tax something that doesn’t move—consumption in America—instead of something that is fungible, such as the location of corporate profits. The House plan would lower the corporate tax rate to 20% from 35%. Border adjustment would generate about $1 trillion in tax revenue over a decade to help pay for that, according to independent estimates. It would also transform the business-tax system so companies selling goods and services in the U.S. largely couldn’t escape taxes by putting their addresses, intellectual property or jobs outside America in low-tax countries, a problem the Obama administration tried to tamp down. The argument for border adjustment hinges in part on how currency markets will respond. Economists expect border adjustment to increase the dollar’s value as much as 25%, citing similar currency moves when other nations introduced border-adjusted value-added taxes. As a result, proponents say, an importer would pay more taxes but the stronger dollar would make it cheaper to bring products into the U.S., theoretically leaving the importer no worse off. Exporters could be hit by a stronger dollar—it would make their products more expensive in foreign currencies—but benefit from lower tax bills. Some retailers and other big importers doubt the dollar would rise that much. They warn of tax bills that would exceed profits, forcing them to pass costs to consumers. Some are in the early stages of working on an alternative plan they can present to lawmakers, says a person familiar with those plans. Cody Lusk, president of the American International Automobile Dealers Association, says his members are shocked that a Republican Congress is proposing a 20% tax on imports. “We view this as a very, very serious potential blow to the auto sector and the economy,” says Mr. Lusk, whose members sell Toyotas, Hondas and other cars from foreign-headquartered companies. He likes aspects of the House plan, “but when we look at the whole, I don’t think the juice is worth the squeeze.” Tax experts are puzzling over how to describe who wins and loses from border adjustment. One thing is clear, economists say: If the dollar goes up 25%, U.S. holders of foreign assets—including pension funds and endowments—would suffer a one-time loss in wealth of more than $2 trillion. There is also global uncertainty: Other countries may retaliate, either by border-adjusting their corporate taxes or by challenging the U.S. plan at the World Trade Organization as too tilted toward American producers. Border adjustment is essential in value-added tax systems around the world, but no country has done precisely what the House GOP is proposing. A panel President George W. Bush convened in 2005 suggested border adjustment. So did a 2008 plan from Mr. Ryan. Mr. Brady turned to border adjustment last year. That approach solved some problems that blocked Mr. Camp’s plan but now is causing its own. Every chip away at unanimity makes tax overhaul tougher. Rep. Pat Tiberi (R., Ohio), a senior Ways and Means member, says some of his constituents back border adjustment while others are worried. He says Cardinal Health Inc. has voiced concerns about the cost of rubber for latex gloves and Honda Motor Co. has raised objections, too. Cardinal declined to comment. Honda says it is concerned about the impact on prices. Rep. Pat Meehan (R., Pa.), says refiners in his district rely on imported oil and that he is arguing for an exception. “It puts us at a remarkable competitive disadvantage,” he says. Republicans have said they are considering pushing a tax plan through the Senate by a simple majority. With a 52-48 Senate margin, they have little maneuvering room. At least seven GOP senators have expressed concerns about border adjustment, including Utah’s Mike Lee, Arkansas’s John Boozman, Georgia’s David Perdue and Texas’ John Cornyn. Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch (R., Utah) said last week he had questions about border adjustment and that the Senate would put its own stamp on the tax bill. “I worry that consumers, my Kansas constituents, are the ones who pay the tax,” says Sen. Jerry Moran (R., Kan.). He is concerned the world might respond in ways that hurt his state’s wheat growers and airplane makers. “I assume you get into a battle with other countries,” he says, “and it affects the exporters.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Wall Street Journal Landslides Kill 13 in Bali, Indonesia's Disaster Mitigation Agency Says The Wall Street Journal. Indonesians Pray Ahead of Fraught Election The Wall Street Journal. Who Is Running for Jakarta Governor? -- The Short Answer The Wall Street Journal. The Wall Street Journal. View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart ups stake in JD.com BI Intelligence Feb. 7, 2017, 12:11 PM 1,027 facebook linkedin twitter email print BII See Also RETAIL FORECAST: U.S. consumers will spend $632 billion online by 2020 Amazon accounts for 43% of US online retail sales THE REVERSE LOGISTICS REPORT: How retailers can save money by making returns smoother in the e-commerce age This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "E-Commerce Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. Late last week, Walmart announced that it had increased its stake in Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com to 12.1%, worth roughly $4.87 billion. This is up from the 10.8% stake it had in October, and its 5.9% stake in June of last year. Two distinct developments led Walmart to increase its stake in JD.com: Rising wages and income in China. Inflation in China remains under 2%, while wages have been increasing by 8-9% over the last few years, according to data cited by Forbes. Rising wages leads to higher disposable income and increased spending. Walmart is putting faith in JD.com to remain one of the top players in China’s e-commerce space, where consumers are projected to spend nearly $6.4 trillion a year by 2025. JD.com is in full-fledged growth mode, increasing revenue, gross merchandise volume (GMV), and delivery methods to reach underserved markets. Total net revenue for JD.com grew 38% YoY, totaling over $9 billion in Q3 2016. Meanwhile, total GMV saw an impressive 43% jump YoY in Q3 to nearly $24 billion. On the innovation front, the company is expanding its drone delivery routes to cut transportation costs and increase focus on rural areas of China, which will ultimately help it compete against Chinese e-commerce market leader Alibaba. As it increases its competitive position, that could help boost Walmart by allowing it to leverage an existing platform. Walmart appears intent to expand in China’s e-commerce market as an investor, rather than through its own operations. In fact, Walmart plans to shut down its own e-commerce mobile app in China in favor of highlighting JD.com’s global flagship store in China. JD.com will also serve as the online shopping platform for over 20 Walmart stores across China in the near future. E-commerce has been on the rise in the last several years, thanks in large part to titans in the industry such as Amazon and Alibaba. E-commerce will truly become the future of retail, as nearly all of the growth in the retail sector now takes place in the digital space. BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, forecasts that U.S. consumers will spend $385 billion online in 2016. Moreover, BI Intelligence predicts that number will grow to $632 billion in 2020. This is hardly surprising considering e-commerce's healthy growth. Though the U.S. retail average growth rate in the first half of 2016 was just 2% for total retail, it was 16% for e-commerce. The number of online shoppers has grown by nearly 20 million from 2015 to 2016. And these 224 million shoppers are spending more, as the total amount spent online grew from $61 billion in the first quarter of 2015 to $68 billion in Q1 2016. Finally, these customers are transacting more frequently, as the number of online transactions has risen by 115 million from 2015 to 2016. But all of this shopping online creates its own set of challenges, both for consumers and the companies that are trying to get their products onto shoppers' screens and into their shopping carts. In short, you need a plan. And to create your ultimate e-commerce battle plan, you need the right intel. BI Intelligence is here to help. Our team of industry experts has you covered on topics such as: Shopping cart abandonment Marketing effectiveness Merchandise returns Customer satisfaction Social media monetization Mobile payments Accommodating shoppers at the 11th hour And much more Interested in getting the full bundle of nearly 80 reports? Here are two ways to access it: Subscribe to an All-Access pass to BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report and over 100 other expertly researched reports. As an added bonus, you'll also gain access to all future reports and daily newsletters to ensure you stay ahead of the curve and benefit personally and professionally. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase & download the full bundle from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORTS More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing eCommerce Walmart JD.com facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart ups stake in JD.com Walmart ups stake in JD.com This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
null
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Walmart Is Losing the U.K. Supermarket War Walmart continues to lose ground in the U.K. as low-cost competitors gain steam. Edward Hardy Feb 7, 2017 6:32 AM EST Walmart  (WMT) continued to lose ground in the U.K. as low-cost competitors gained steam, according to data from Kantar Worldpanel released on Tuesday. Sales at Walmart's U.K. unit, Asda, fell 1.9% to £4.3 billion ($5.3 billion) for the 12 weeks to Jan. 29, making it the only grocery store to experience a decline. Asda, which has 630 locations across the U.K., saw its market share drop 0.6 percentage points to 15.6%.   Asda's decline has started to slow, with Kantar Worldpanel noting the retailer managed to increase the number of shoppers visiting stores compared to the same time period last year. If you liked this article you might like Hain Celestial Shares Drop After Disclosing SEC Investigation in Friday News Dump The natural foods company, grappling with an accounting scandal, hasn't reported quarterly earnings since March. Laura Berman Feb 10, 2017 7:12 PM EST Top Ratings Agencies: Sears Is Still Doomed Eddie Lampert manages to crush the shorts, for a day. Brian Sozzi Feb 10, 2017 4:00 PM EST Amazon Wants to Sell $10 Bras in the U.S., but Doing So Won't Be Easy Amazon will have to overcome significant issues if it plans on selling lingerie online. Lindsay Rittenhouse Feb 10, 2017 3:51 PM EST In the Long Run, Trump's Tweets Don't Matter Donald Trump's tweet knocking Nordstrom coincided with the company's stock's best and most-traded day of the year. Emily Stewart Feb 10, 2017 2:50 PM EST Trending 10 Vehicles with the Best Resale Value in 2017 Airline Pilots to Trump: You Promised to Save American Jobs, Now Here's Your Chance Get a First Look at the Dodge Demon -- It Will Probably Be the Fastest Muscle Car Ever at Over 900hp Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Saturday, February 11, 2017, 3:33 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / News / Arkansas / NW food festival sets Bentonville as new location By April Wallace This article was published February 7, 2017 at 2:37 a.m. PHOTO BY BEN GOFF Mario Valdovino of Tyson Foods and William McCormick of MOD restaurant lead a cooking demonstration during the 2016 BITE NW Arkansas festival. Comments aAFont Size About 8th Street Market Ten acres along Eighth Street in the Bentonville Market District near the Bentonville square will ultimately showcase culinary education, music and the arts, restaurants and hospitality venues, and other specialized food and drink concepts. The Northwest Arkansas Community College expanded culinary arts and hospitality program Brightwater operates at the site. Bentonville-based Bike Rack Brewery announced it will open an 8,000-foot facility at the site that will feature and teach the full production brewing process, as well as sell beer brewed on site. Source: Octagon Events and Hospitality BENTONVILLE -- The Bite NW Arkansas food festival will have a new home this year. The event, part of the LPGA's Walmart NW Arkansas Championship presented by P&G, will be held June 22-23 at 8th Street Market in Bentonville. The Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion in Rogers hosted the first two years of the event, which were sold out. The 11th annual golf tournament runs June 19-25 at Pinnacle Country Club in Rogers. "The LPGA [the NW Arkansas Championship] is such a regional event, it really impacts all of Northwest Arkansas," said Dana Davis, president and CEO of the Greater Bentonville Area Chamber of Commerce. "With 8th Street Market becoming a foodie destination, and when you think of the businesses that are going to be there and the culinary things they're trying to do, it makes sense to hold [Bite] at that site." The format of the two-day food festival will be the same as in previous years, comprised of Taste of NW Arkansas, a traditional restaurant showcase, on the first night and the Burgers and Beer Fest on the second. The festival will coincide with the opening of 8th Street Market, a 10-acre location designed for culinary education, restaurants, entertainment and hospitality at 801 SE Eighth St., between E and J streets, approximately one mile from the downtown square. Northwest Arkansas Community College's program Brightwater: A Center for the Study of Food operates out of the location, but the remainder of the facility will not open to the public until summer. "As we look to the next 10 years, the vision is to expand into the greater Northwest Arkansas community," said Harry Hardy, event director. "The timing works out perfectly, almost too good to be true. We're excited to have a new home for Bite." The venue was a natural fit for the festival because it was built with culinary purposes in mind and offers the cold storage and equipment necessary for it, Hardy said. The ability to host events indoor and outdoors, as well as its close proximity to the trail system were added benefits. "Visit Bentonville and the city of Bentonville are very culinary focused, it's a key part of our image," said Kalene Griffith, president and CEO of Visit Bentonville. "Culinary is its own attraction -- an integral part of the tourist experience -- and having the festival is a huge bonus. It takes a regional effort, but we all benefit [from it]." More than 35 restaurants and 15 area breweries participated in 2016 Bite NW Arkansas, which served 2,000 people. Most of the same vendors and chefs, such as Tyson Director of Research and Development Culinary Services Mario Valdovino, will return alongside a few new faces, Hardy said. The goal is to attract 3,000 ticket holders. Bike Rack Brewery in Bentonville will be among the vendors inside the 8th Street Market. Beer will be brewed on site at Bike Rack's 8,000-square-foot facility that will feature a tap room with capacity for 90 people. Bike Rack Brewery also has its original location at 401 SW A St., Suite 6. "We are ecstatic that Bite NW Arkansas is moving to 8th Street Market and that our brewery will have the chance to help grow the impact of the event," Jeff Charlson, CEO and partner of Bike Rack Brewing Company, said in a news release. "For two years, Bite has paired great food with great beer. That's authentic to the mission of Bike Rack and what I think we can expect to see at 8th Street Market in the long term." Festival ticket prices will remain the same as 2016 -- $50 per couple, $30 for individuals, and will go on sale March 1. "People think it's a really cool event, and we work hard to create an atmosphere about the community -- once you buy a ticket, you don't have to get your wallet out again," Hardy said. "That's the beauty of it, bringing restaurants from the whole region to one place." The festival venue change will allow Brightwater to showcase its new culinary facilities and capabilities through hands-on cooking demonstrations. "Given all the culinary and hospitality growth throughout Northwest Arkansas, Bite NW Arkansas is a great way to help introduce 8th Street Market and Brightwater," Glenn Mack, executive director of Brightwater, said in a news release. "Brightwater and our students have been a part of Bite from its inception and now that we share the site, I'm sure our engagement will only grow in the future." Metro on 02/07/2017 Print Headline: NW food festival sets Bentonville as new location Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Arkansas 91st General Assembly Calendar Social Security bid rejected by panel State Capitol briefs House approves bill on gift exemptions NW food festival sets Bentonville as new loca... Team effort turns 2 bikes into motorbike Springdale reaps results of supplementing Eng... Getting it straight Community hub hears new-school plans More Arkansas stories > Comments on: NW food festival sets Bentonville as new location To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented NFL more forceful on Texas 'bathroom bill' after Super Bowl (13 comments) Judges back travel-ban freeze (26 comments) Hutchinson calls Amazon decision to collect sales tax in state 'laudable and good news' for Arkansas (13 comments) Arkansas man accused of punching 27-day-old daughter in face (11 comments) BRUMMETT ONLINE: Flew right over their heads (54 comments) Trump: Travel ban clearly legal (34 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Walmart rejects development firm again over west Louisville loca - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Politics Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Walmart rejects development firm again over west Louisville location Posted: Monday, February 6, 2017 8:59 PM EST Updated: Monday, February 6, 2017 10:07 PM EST By Joel Schipper BioEmail Connect Biography jschipper@wdrb.com Follow @jschipperwdrb Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Woman turns herself in after hit-and-run that left 9-year-old girl with life-threatening brain injury Woman turns herself in after hit-and-run that left 9-year-old girl with life-threatening brain injury Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 6:35 PM EST2017-02-10 23:35:46 GMT Jessica Westbrook The woman who hit a 9-year-old girl with her car on Broadway earlier this month before leaving the scene has turned herself in.More >> The woman who hit a 9-year-old girl with her car on Broadway earlier this month before leaving the scene has turned herself in.More >> UPDATE | 13-year-old boy missing in Bullitt County found safe UPDATE | 13-year-old boy missing in Bullitt County found safe Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 10:12 PM EST2017-02-11 03:12:07 GMT The Bullitt County Sheriff's Department says missing teenage boy was found late Friday night hiding in the woods More >> The Bullitt County Sheriff's Department says missing teenage boy was found late Friday night hiding in the woodsMore >> Valley High student charged with assault, terroristic threatening, intimidation Valley High student charged with assault, terroristic threatening, intimidation Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 4:56 PM EST2017-02-10 21:56:01 GMT Rodriquez Antonio Lovelace A Valley High School student was arrested Friday on felony assault, terroristic threatening and intimidation charges.More >> A Valley High School student was arrested Friday on felony assault, terroristic threatening and intimidation charges.More >> Entrepreneur reportedly pushing for aquarium on River Road in Louisville Entrepreneur reportedly pushing for aquarium on River Road in Louisville Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 9:45 PM EST2017-02-11 02:45:37 GMT Photo courtesy CNN If one entrepreneur gets his way, Louisville could have an aquarium by 2020.More >> If one entrepreneur gets his way, Louisville could have an aquarium by 2020.More >> UPDATE | Authorities identify Louisville woman who died after being hit on the head UPDATE | Authorities identify Louisville woman who died after being hit on the head Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 6:56 PM EST2017-02-10 23:56:38 GMT Authorities have identified a woman who died after being hit in the head with a rock.More >> Authorities have identified a woman who died after being hit in the head with a rock.More >> 1 person dies of drug overdose sitting in truck on Westport Road 1 person dies of drug overdose sitting in truck on Westport Road Updated: Thursday, February 9 2017 10:17 PM EST2017-02-10 03:17:49 GMT One person reportedly died of a drug overdose in a truck stopped in the middle of the road Thursday afternoon.More >> One person reportedly died of a drug overdose in a truck stopped in the middle of the road Thursday afternoon.More >> Bardstown Police arrest man wanted for sexual assaults in five states; impersonating 'Family Ties' actor Bardstown Police arrest man wanted for sexual assaults in five states; impersonating 'Family Ties' actor Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 10:23 PM EST2017-02-11 03:23:29 GMT Additionally, he's been accused of impersonating child star actor Brian Bonsall, known for playing the character Andrew Keaton on the 80s sitcom "Family Ties," in an effort to seduce victims. More >> Additionally, he's been accused of impersonating child star actor Brian Bonsall, known for playing the character Andrew Keaton on the 80s sitcom "Family Ties," in an effort to seduce victims.More >> Louisville man accused of shooting that took place during robbery Louisville man accused of shooting that took place during robbery Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 10:39 AM EST2017-02-10 15:39:51 GMT One of the shots hit one of the victims in the buttocks. More >> One of the shots hit one of the victims in the buttocks.More >>    LOUISVILLE, Ky (WDRB) -- A final effort by a Louisville development firm has failed to bring Walmart to the city’s west end. On Friday the retail giant called The Mardrian Group (TMG), telling the firm Walmart is choosing to focus efforts on adding 30 new stores and updating existing locations, and west Louisville is not in those plans. The 18-acre property at the corner of Broadway and 18th Street was purchased by New Bridge Development in 2006, and the recession stalled plans. Despite a lawsuit challenging the Metro Planning Commission’s approval and thousands of signatures in support of the store, Walmart initially passed in October, but the development firm tried one more time. TMG says original plans before Walmart are now back on the table, which includes a mix-use development with retail, restaurants and possibly residential. “I know there is a huge need for affordable housing in west Louisville, so we will consider that as part of the development,” said Teresa Bridgewaters, President of TMG. Business owners who work across the street from the vacant lot are hoping the property can be a mix of local and national stores and chains. “What can we put down here that we all need? Not just us but all of us – the whole city of Louisville,” said Michael Laws, who owns Fade Away Barbershop TMG says they have no contracts signed at a new location, but if a large enough anchor store wants to build, that could shrink plans for the original mix-use draft. The development firm says they are currently talking with Meijer, Target and Kroger. Related Stories: Efforts underway to lure Wal-Mart back to west Louisville Walmart backs out of planned west Louisville store Copyright 2017 WDRB Media. All rights reserved. Sign Up for WDRB's Sports Newsletter Email Address * Logged in as: Log intoMember Center Not you?Log out * denotes required fields WDRB%20Sports%20Newsletter Thank you for signing up! You will receive a confirmation email shortly. Closed CaptioningMore>> Closed Captioning Message Thanks to support from Norton Healthcare, this story and others are available in real-time closed captioning on WDRB. Thanks to support from Norton Healthcare, this story and others are available in real-time closed captioning on WDRB.More >> WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Analysts Offer Predictions for Emerson Electric Company’s Q2 2017 Earnings (EMR) Canaccord Genuity Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Redrow plc (RDW) Wilen Investment Management CORP. Lowers Stake in Northern Technologies International Corporation (NTIC) Wilen Investment Management CORP. Has $446,000 Position in Allegion PLC (ALLE) Dow Chemical Company (The) (DOW) Stake Maintained by Teachers Insurance & Annuity Association of America Teachers Insurance & Annuity Association of America Purchases 3,831 Shares of Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. (ARE) Avianca Holdings S.A. (AVH) Shares Sold by Susquehanna International Group LLP Susquehanna International Group LLP Reduces Position in Northwest Bancshares, Inc. (NWBI) Susquehanna International Group LLP Has $1,352,000 Position in Selective Insurance Group, Inc. (SIGI) CEB Inc. (CEB) Shares Sold by Susquehanna International Group LLP Susquehanna International Group LLP Acquires 30,294 Shares of Home BancShares, Inc. (HOMB) Insider Selling: Ecobalt Solutions Inc (ECS) Director Sells C$80,545.00 in Stock Echo Street Capital Management LLC Purchases 685,790 Shares of American Homes 4 Rent (AMH) Watsco, Inc. (WSO) Stake Boosted by Echo Street Capital Management LLC Echo Street Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in CGI Group, Inc. (GIB) Echo Street Capital Management LLC Sells 81,432 Shares of CoreSite Realty Corporation (COR) Echo Street Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in Meritage Corporation (MTH) Arkema S.A. (ARKAY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Boeing Company (The) (BA) Tenneco Inc. (TEN) PT Raised to $71.00 Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Shares Sold by Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. reduced its stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 4.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 5,636,473 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 251,721 shares during the period. Wal-Mart Stores makes up 2.2% of Brown Brothers Harriman & Co.’s portfolio, making the stock its 19th largest position. Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. owned approximately 0.18% of Wal-Mart Stores worth $406,502,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Banced Corp acquired a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth $533,000. SNS Financial Group LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 3.0% in the second quarter. SNS Financial Group LLC now owns 4,355 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $318,000 after buying an additional 125 shares during the period. Retirement Systems of Alabama boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 3.0% in the second quarter. Retirement Systems of Alabama now owns 1,582,960 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $115,588,000 after buying an additional 45,683 shares during the period. Artemis Investment Management LLP acquired a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth $34,555,000. Finally, Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 10.1% in the second quarter. Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. now owns 34,631 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,529,000 after buying an additional 3,174 shares during the period. 29.53% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.15% during trading on Monday, hitting $66.40. The stock had a trading volume of 9,097,238 shares. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a 1-year low of $62.35 and a 1-year high of $75.19. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $68.20 and a 200 day moving average of $70.50. The company has a market capitalization of $204.06 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.40 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $1.03 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.33 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-shares-sold-by-brown-brothers-harriman-co.html. A number of research analysts have weighed in on the stock. Sanford C. Bernstein assumed coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Monday. They set a “market perform” rating and a $75.00 price target on the stock. Vetr cut shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $69.26 price target on the stock. in a research report on Monday. Wells Fargo & Company reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Argus reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Morgan Stanley reduced their target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores from $74.00 to $70.00 and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twenty-two have given a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $74.28. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total transaction of $5,185,352.04. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total value of $2,210,152.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 245,328 shares in the company, valued at approximately $16,760,808.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 51.55% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Brixmor Property Group Inc. (BRX) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Next » Two Sigma Advisers LP Has $5,402,000 Position in Ternium S.A. (TX) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Berenberg Indicates Potential 7.14% Increase In Shares Of Topps Tiles PLC Analysts At Berenberg Reiterated TT Electronics PLC (LON:TTG) As Hold Shares Of Tyman (LON:TYMN) Rated As Buy By Analysts At Berenberg Berenberg Indicates Potential -3.71% Decrease In Shares Of UBM Plc Shares Of UDG Healthcare PLC (LON:UDG) Rated As Buy By Analysts At Berenberg Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Mon, Feb 6th, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Claire Barratt Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Receives Mkt Perform Rating From Bernstein Analysts Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) had its stock rating indicated as ‘Mkt Perform’ in a report released by analysts at Bernstein. Bernstein today set a target price of 75 on the company’s stock. According to the analyst this now indicates there is a potential increase of 12.95% from Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s current price of 66.4. Over the last twelve months Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s stock price has increased by 0% from 0.00 to 66.4. There are currently 3,073,190,000 shares in issue with a current share value of 66.4 giving Wal-Mart Stores Inc a market capitalisation of 204.06B USD . Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) has a 50 day moving average of 68.34 and a 200 day moving average of 70.6. The 52 week high for the share price is 75.19 while the 52 week low for the stock is 62.35. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. The Walmart International segment consists of the Company’s operations outside of the United States, including various retail Websites. The Walmart International segment includes various formats divided into three categories: retail, wholesale and other. These categories consist of various formats, including supercenters, supermarkets, and warehouse clubs, such as Sam’s Clubs, cash and carry, home improvement, specialty electronics, apparel stores, drug stores and convenience stores, as well as digital retail. The Sam’s Club segment includes the warehouse membership clubs in the United States, as well as samsclub.com. More from Reuters » Receive Wal-Mart Stores Inc News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News Berenberg Indicates Potential 7.14% Increase In Shares Of Topps Tiles PLC Analysts At Berenberg Reiterated TT Electronics PLC (LON:TTG) As Hold Shares Of Tyman (LON:TYMN) Rated As Buy By Analysts At Berenberg Berenberg Indicates Potential -3.71% Decrease In Shares Of UBM Plc Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer tests the market to determine if stocks are really overvalued Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Wednesday, 8 Feb 2017 | 6:15 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer tests the market to determine if stocks are really overvalued    Wednesday, 8 Feb 2017 | 6:37 PM ET | 11:16 Jim Cramer hears worries every day that stocks are now overvalued, but still maintains that stocks aren't as outrageously priced versus other rallies in the past. "The valuations are pretty darned reasonable, but I have a hard time proving it to people because we are in an incredibly visceral, polarizing moment stemming from the election of a pro-business president who seems to rack up an incredible amount of baggage on a daily basis," the "Mad Money" host said. To prove that stocks are not overvalued once and for all, Cramer compared the top companies that dominated the market back in 1999, when the market was last on the verge of collapsing due to true overvaluation. Overvaluation is a different scenario than an economic collapse, such as the Great Recession. That is why Cramer chose to look at the 1999 bear market, because it was the last time stocks collapsed under their own weight due to overrun fundamentals. Getty Images People walking outside the New York Stock Exchange on January 3, 2017. The five biggest stocks at the end of 1999 were Microsoft valued at $600 billion, General Electric at $507 billion, Cisco Systems at $355 billion, Wal-Mart at $307 billion and Intel at $275 billion. The current five largest companies are Apple at $689 billion, Alphabet at $565 billion, Microsoft at $490 billion, Berkshire Hathaway at $400 billion and Amazon at $388 billion. Cramer also looked at Facebook's $387 billion, since it's only one billion less than Amazon. Back in 1999, Microsoft and Intel sold at 65 times earnings, and 35 times earnings. The assumption was that the internet would take over the world and these companies had the software and hardware to make it happen. Unfortunately, the earnings explosion that investors expected never happened. Cisco's earnings pretty much collapsed soon after its business was crushed by telco carriers that raised money in the stock market to build out their networks. Wal-Mart was supposed to be the fastest growing retailer, too. Unfortunately, the company over-expanded and the model didn't scale overseas like it was supposed to and Wal-Mart hit a wall. "You could argue that all of these companies were overvalued on past earnings and they turned out to be even more overvalued on future earnings," Cramer said. Looking at today's top companies, Apple sells at just 14 times earnings with a rapidly growing service revenue stream. Alphabet sells at about 21 times next year's earnings with $52 billion in cash overseas and has a 16 percent growth rate. Facebook sells at 22 times next year's earnings with 52 percent revenue growth and has $29 billion in cash. Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway sells for 20 times earnings. The only outlier was Amazon, trading at 110 times earnings. But Amazon has always been an outlier, Cramer said. Given how it has crushed Wal-Mart and threatened the entire brick-and-mortar business with extinction, Cramer thinks it is merely taking the market capitalization away from the businesses it destroys and said the market cap is justified. "The question to ask isn't how did this current group of behemoths get so expensive. It's how did they get so cheap," Cramer said. With only one of the six largest companies not bound by conventional metrics, Trump or no Trump, the valuations seemed completely rational to Cramer. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change MSFT --- AMZN --- AAPL --- BRK.A --- GOOGL --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 54° View Live Radar Sun H 69° L 37° Mon H 56° L 35° Tue H 59° L 40° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Man dies after driving car into pond near Brainerd Wal-Mart Man dies after driving car into pond near Brainerd Wal-Mart February 8th, 2017 by Staff Report and Emmett Gienapp in Local Regional News Emergency personnel work on Greenway View Drive in Brainerd to retrieve a car that went into the water. One victim was removed from the car. Photo by Emmett Gienapp /Times Free Press. Breaking news update A 75-year-old man died the day after he drove his vehicle off the roadway and into a pond near the Brainerd Wal-Mart late Tuesday afternoon. PREVIOUS STORY FOLLOWS Battalion Chief Rick Boatwright with the Chattanooga Fire Department said the man was leaving the Wal-Mart and traveling north on Greenway View Drive when he drove off the roadway and down an embankment to the water below. When responders arrived, the car was completely submerged and upside down. Firefighters clambered down the embankment, climbed on top of the car and attached a winch, which was used to pull the vehicle onto its side to so they could see the driver. Once the vehicle had been raised partially, firefighters broke one of the windows and pulled the unconscious man out of the car. Firefighters immediately began administering cardio pulmonary resuscitation, according to a fire department news release. It has not been reported how long the man was underwater before responders arrived. Paramedics with Hamilton County Emergency Services took the man to Erlanger hospital. Two of the firefighters rode with the victim in the ambulance and continued CPR. The man's identity has not been revealed. Crews were able to retrieve the white Cadillac from the water. "They really had to think outside the box on this one," said Boatwright. "The car was totally submerged so they knew they had to act quickly, and they did just that. We are all hoping and praying for a positive outcome for the patient." Boatwright said the stretch of road that the driver wrecked on has been a known trouble spot for traffic. He said another car crashed in a similar way a little over a year ago, but the driver in that case was able to extricate himself. A spokesman for the Chattanooga Police Department said the traffic division will likely be looking at potential preventative measures along the road, including guard rails, in the wake of Tuesday's accident. More Articles Read previous article Tennessee bill would put all state-regulated professions' ethics codes under review Read next article Burned body in Whitfield County identified Chattanooga Times Free Press Loading... Latest Articles Hamilton County Schools responds to federal lawsuit filed in connection with fatal bus crash Andy Berke faces three challengers for Chattanooga mayor's seat Search committee tasked with finding the next president at Chattanooga State Mayoral candidates clash during public forum at UTC Willard Clifton Land convicted of second-degree murder in death of Kerry Summer Angel Family sues Bradley County over jail hanging Women charged with stealing man's car, shoes Data conflicts with mayor's claim to have ended veteran homelessness Second Missionary Baptist Church hosts black history program today Man found guilty of second-degree murder in steak-knife slaying Chattanooga mayoral candidates speak at UTC forum Durham School Services responds to lawsuit, says case 'must be dismissed'
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business Shoppers leave the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain on Feb. 7. (EDDIE KEOGH/REUTERS) Shoppers leave the Asda superstore in High Wycombe, Britain on Feb. 7. (EDDIE KEOGH/REUTERS) Wal-Mart aims to leverage struggling British arm Asda Add to ... JAMES DAVEY London — Reuters Published Wednesday, Feb. 08, 2017 5:03PM EST Last updated Wednesday, Feb. 08, 2017 5:03PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is throwing its weight as the world’s largest retailer behind its struggling British arm Asda after admitting it was too slow to respond effectively to the threat posed by the discount supermarkets. Asda Group PLC thrived for a decade as Britain’s cheapest supermarket after it was bought by Wal-Mart in 1999 and remains the third-biggest in the country. But German-owned Aldi and Lidl have steadily cut into Asda’s market share. The two discounters started opening stores in Britain in 1990 and 1994, respectively, but their big breakthrough came when the economic crisis hit in 2008 and more British shoppers were prepared to give them a go. Declining sales show signs of tapering off since Wal-Mart veteran Sean Clarke became Asda’s president and chief executive last July, with a focus on improving the look and feel of the stores as well as enhancing product lines. Wal-Mart will provide further firepower by ensuring Asda leverages the parent’s purchasing strength in everything from refrigerators to own-brand products and real estate to drive down prices and costs, said Scott Price, chief administrative officer of Walmart International. “One thing that maybe we would criticize ourselves for is that we didn’t start the repositioning of the business sooner, that we didn’t focus more on the leverage opportunities so that Asda was able to invest more aggressively in price,” Mr. Price told Reuters in an interview. “What Sean is able to do with his global experience at Wal-Mart is to know what levers to pull,” he said, in a reference to Mr. Clarke’s time with Wal-Mart in Japan, Canada and most recently as chief executive in China. Working more closely with its parent, Asda will be able to market more Wal-Mart brands as its own at a lower price than rivals, Mr. Price said. “He’s able to pull private [Wal-Mart] brands and put an Asda brand on it that is equal to the national brand in the U.K. in terms of quality and sensory, but at a price that no one else can match,” he said of Mr. Clarke. In return, Wal-Mart was looking for more ways to exploit the areas where Asda has excelled, for example with a popular olive oil originally sourced by Asda and now sold across the group, including in the United States and 10 other international markets. From its headquarters in Leeds in northern England, Asda claimed to be the first of Britain’s major grocers – which also includes market leader Tesco, No. 2 Sainsbury’s and No. 4 Morrisons – to spot the threat from the discounters. With fewer stores in the more affluent southeast of England than its rivals and the vast majority of its business in the large stores that have become less fashionable in recent years, Asda was most exposed. After it lost its price advantage and failed to offer other reasons to shop there, performance slumped. Wal-Mart added to Asda’s problems by diverting key executives from Britain to the United States and focusing too much on cutting costs and maximizing short-term profit at the expense of investing to protect market share, analysts said. The result has been nine straight quarters of underlying sales decline since the middle of 2014, which translated into a more than 1 percentage point loss in market share, according to researcher Kantar Worldpanel. Its share currently stands at 15.6 per cent, versus more than 28 per cent for Tesco. David Cheesewright, CEO of Walmart International, in June, 2016, expressed disappointment at Asda’s weak performance and said it would shift from protecting profit to protecting market share. The data shows signs of improving. In November, Asda reported a like-for-like sales decline of 5.8 per cent for the third quarter to Sept. 30, compared to the second quarter when it reported a fall of 7.5 per cent, its worst drop in quarterly sales. A further material improvement is expected when it reports fourth quarter sales on Feb. 21, with analysts forecasting a decline of 2 per cent to 3 per cent. Monthly industry data has also shown a better performance over Christmas and January. While sales fell 1.9 per cent year-on-year by value in the 12 weeks to Jan. 29, according to Kantar, Asda increased the number of shoppers visiting its stores. The improvements reflect the early work of Clarke and former Sainsbury’s executive Roger Burnley, who joined as chief operating officer in October, analysts said. That includes making Asda stores cleaner and less cluttered, with more staff on the shop floor and better availability of fresh produce and meat – key ranges that either drive customers into stores or, if you get them wrong, out. Clive Black, analyst at Shore Capital, said there are also signs that Asda is stepping up product innovation with, for example, new items in the frozen and chilled areas and in its “Extra Special” premium brand. At the same time Asda has developed complementary services and partners within its stores, such as with sports retailer Decathlon and butcher McGee’s, while more freedom is being given to individual managers when it comes to the layout of their stores. It looks likely to be a long road to recovery, however. “Things are going a bit better but they’re going a bit better from a catastrophic level of performance,” one senior British retail industry executive told Reuters, asking not to be named. “Everybody thinks you can turn around a business in a year or two and you can’t. This is a five-year project,” he said. He questioned whether Wal-Mart would provide the necessary investment. “Their instinct is to save their way to victory.” Mr. Price said Wal-Mart was committed to Asda and has tasked Mr. Clarke with building a sustainable business model. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Workers at four German airports strike over pay (Reuters)   WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$68.02 -1.06 (-1.53%) TESO-QTESCO Corp Latest Price$8.80 0.00 (0.00%) Updated February 10 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Wal-Mart steps up grocery wars with e-commerce drive Whole Foods cuts forecast on sluggish sales growth Wal-Mart dumps its Amazon Prime challenger for new shipping strategy Topics Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Trump offers to 'destroy career' of Texas lawmaker Report on Business This is the Bombardier aircraft that Ottawa just backed with an interest-free loan Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking Globe Drive BMW M cars not plush, powerful or special enough? You want Alpina News New Zealand races to save hundreds of beached whales News Winter storm blows into Halifax Life Dresses made of candy at Brussels chocolate fair Video Watch as newborn tiger cubs make debut at Cincinnati Zoo News Trudeau says Trump meeting will focus on 'shared approach' Report on Business Am I paying my investment adviser too much? Life No more 'Mr Tough Guy': Endurance race run for last time after thirty years Report on Business Japan's tiny car love may be sore spot for Trump ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Workers in the ‘gig’ economy face challenges in saving for retirement Report on Business Marijuana industry searches for large spaces to grow crops More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Sweet for seniors – rental properties with central locations and perks Arts Author Bharati Mukherjee wrote of immigrant lives Most popular How long can Calgary’s housing market hang on? Has Premier Christy Clark had her enough’s enough scandal? Feb. 11: Your daily horoscope Jailing Will Baker for being sick would be another act of cruelty Trump administration: Is it tragedy or is it farce? X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
3 wanted in Buchanan County for using stolen credit card numbers - WVVA TV Bluefield Beckley WV News, Weather and Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Hometown Business Connections Advertiser Services NEWS All Points Bulletin Coal Industry News Get the WVVA News App Political News: Federal, state, and local coverage Lifestyle TODAY WEATHER Snow Patrol WVVA Weather - Interactive Radar Precision Doppler Weather Blogs WVVA weather - Skycam Network Get the Precision Weather App SPORTS AP College Basketball AP College Football NASCAR VIDEO SLIDESHOWS THINGS TO DO Medical Minute Smile! It's Your Birthday WHAT'S ON Watch NBC The Two Virginias' CW MeTV Two Virginias' Dub Request Form ADVERTISEMENT buchanan county cc theft four buchanan county cc theft three buchanan county cc theft two buchanan county cc theft one Slideshow: 3 wanted in Buchanan Co. for credit card thefts 3 wanted in Buchanan County for using stolen credit card numbers Posted: Wednesday, February 8, 2017 4:41 PM EST By Paul Hess, WVVA Internet Director BioEmail Connect Biography phess@wvva.com Follow @phess_WVVA BUCHANAN COUNTY, VA (WVVA) - Deputies in Buchanan County are asking for the public's help identifying three people suspected of using stolen credit card numbers at a local Walmart. It happened on two occasions at the Walmart in Grundy; November 30 and January 29. Investigators say more than $2300 in merchandise was taken. See the attached security photos of the suspects.  Deputies believe the three suspects used stolen credit card numbers to purchase items on January 28 at the Walmart in Logan, WV. If you know the identity of the suspects, please contact Investigator Mark Lowe with the Buchanan County Sheriff's Office at 276-935-2313. NEWSMore>> Data breach affects school employees in West Virginia district Data breach affects school employees in West Virginia district A data breach impacts 1800 school employees in West Virginia. More >> A data breach impacts 1800 school employees in West Virginia.More >> Bluefield resident frustrated by power bill Bluefield resident frustrated by power bill Patricia Valentine, the unsatisfied customer, and Phil Moye, a spokesman for Appalachian Power, met at the station today.More >> Patricia Valentine, the unsatisfied customer, and Phil Moye, a spokesman for Appalachian Power, met at WVVA on Friday.More >> Farming Heritage Award nominations Farming Heritage Award nominations Farming families are being encouraged to apply for the 2017 Farming Heritage Award. More >> Farming families are being encouraged to apply for the 2017 Farming Heritage Award. More >> Beckley man sentenced in 2015 shooting death Beckley man sentenced in 2015 shooting death BECKLEY (WVVA) A Beckley man who pleaded guilty to Voluntary Manslaughter was sentenced in Raleigh County Circuit Court on Friday. More >> BECKLEY (WVVA) A Beckley man who pleaded guilty to Voluntary Manslaughter was sentenced in Raleigh County Circuit Court on Friday. More >> Dance company performing in Lewsiburg Dance company performing in Lewsiburg The West Virginia Dance Company is celebrating their 40th anniversary and they are celebrating by holding a concert on their tour stop at the Greenbrier Valley Theatre in Downtown Lewisburg.  More >> The West Virginia Dance Company is celebrating their 40th anniversary and they are celebrating by holding a concert on their tour stop at the Greenbrier Valley Theatre in Downtown Lewisburg. More >> Plan to bring fire department back to Talcott presented to state fire commission Plan to bring fire department back to Talcott presented to state fire commission Residents in Talcott are one step closer to getting back their volunteer fire department More >> Residents in Talcott are one step closer to getting back their volunteer fire departmentMore >> Raleigh County parents respond to proposed bus aide cuts Raleigh County parents respond to proposed bus aide cuts COAL CITY, W.Va. (WVVA) There is growing concern among parents on Friday over the proposed elimination of 15 bus aides who help children with disabilities.  More >> COAL CITY, W.Va. (WVVA) There is growing concern among parents on Friday over the proposed elimination of 15 bus aides who help children with disabilities. More >> Driver dies one week after coal truck overturns Driver dies one week after coal truck overturns Mine safety officials say a coal truck driver injured during a crash last week has died. More >> Mine safety officials say a coal truck driver injured during a crash last week has died.More >> Can't Find Something? WVVA 3052 Big Laurel Hwy, Bluefield, WV 24701 Switchboard: 800-227-9882 News tips: news@wvva.com or 304-327-7071 Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WVVA. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise Central Penn Business Journal News Business Journal Daily News By Industry Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy & Environment Government Health Care Hospitality & Tourism Manufacturing & Distribution Marketing & Advertising Nonprofit Real Estate Retail Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Briefcase Opinion Columns Newsmakers Off the Clock Digital Edition Editorial Cartoon Blogs All Blogs CPBJ Extra Blog Fast Forward Women in Business Morning Roundup 10 Things to do This Weekend Around The Globe Events Awards Programs Best Places to Work in PA Business of the Year Executive Management Awards Forty Under 40 Nonprofit Innovation Awards Top 50 Fastest Growing Companies Women of Influence Seminars & Symposiums 90 Ideas in 90 Minutes Being a Best Places to Work in PA Company Seminar CPBJ Webinar Series Health Care Symposium Real Estate & Development Symposium Community Events Post an Event Sign up for Event Information Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories 2016 CPBJ Top 100/250 2015 CPBJ Top 100/250 Complete a Survey 2016 Book of Lists Data Subscription Marketplace Photos Off the Clock Slideshows View / Purchase Event Photos Video Resources CPBJ Top 100/250 Insights Insights Home Insights Authors Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Week Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Login Retail Walmart plants regional training academy at York store By Joel Berg, February 8, 2017 at 2:08 PM (Photo / File) Walmart is opening a training academy at its supercenter in Springettsbury Township, York County, one of 200 academies the retailer is opening this year around the U.S. to beef up its training of supervisors and managers. The academy, situated on a second floor above the retail store, will employ 17 people. They will train managers and supervisors for 21 Walmart stores in Adams, Cumberland, Dauphin, Franklin, Lancaster, Lebanon and York counties, according to a company representative. The academy will operate two-week training sessions designed to give students a mix of classroom instruction and sales-floor experience, the representative said. The average class will have about 15 people, but can accommodate up to 30. The idea is to take trainees out of their home stores so they can focus on training, without requiring them to travel overnight, the representative said. The Springettsbury academy is expected to begin classes this week, according to the representative. Up to 4,500 employees will be trained there each year. The curriculum will cover leadership, merchandising, operations, technology and customer service, in addition to department-specific training. Based in Bentonville, Ark., Walmart Stores Inc. has said it is spending about $2.7 billion over two years in higher wages, training and education. The company employs about 50,000 people in Pennsylvania. Also Popular on CPBJ • Guest view: Hike in Social Security maximum means sticker shock for high earners • Dauphin County unveils plans for 411-acre Middle Paxton park • Nonprofit aims to provide hearing aids • Medical cannabis growing facility eyed in downtown York Share This Story: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Joel Berg Joel Berg is editor of the Central Penn Business Journal. Born in Philadelphia, raised in Northern Virginia and now living in York, he's a graduate of Franklin & Marshall College and the University of Maryland. Have a question or story idea? Email him at joelb@cpbj.com. Follow him on Twitter, @JoelBYorkPa. Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on CPBJ.com York County home sales up 14 percent in January The Whiteboard: Why businesses must balance future, present needs Growing cyber charter school moving to bigger digs Advanced search Insights - Sponsored Content Most Popular Most Commented 1 Pittsburgh developer plans mixed-use project in Lancaster City 2 Medical cannabis growing facility eyed in downtown York 3 Dauphin County unveils plans for 411-acre Middle Paxton park 4 Deary named Leadership Cumberland executive director 5 Early reaction mixed on Gov. Wolf's budget proposal 1 Local tech leader eyes fallout from Trump immigration moves (6) 2 Startup Advantage Bank kicks off capital campaign (3) 3 Dick's to replace Sears at Capital City Mall (2) 4 Wolf budget axes some sales-tax exemptions, seeks lower corporate tax rate (2) 5 Dauphin County unveils plans for 411-acre Middle Paxton park (1) Featured News Ice cream parlor, pub firsts at new Weis store in Hampden Township Fulton seeks stake in Philadelphia bank Fast Forward: For the love of a business York County home sales up 14 percent in January Room for another eatery in Lemoyne? Midstate native scores approval for ride-hailing rival to Lyft, Uber Central Penn Business Journal Latest News CPBJ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With CPBJ Media Kit 2017 Editorial Calendar Event Sponsorships Production Info Classified Specs Customer Service Contact CPBJ Help & FAQ About CPBJ CPBJ Staff Directions Terms of Service Privacy Policy Purchase Photos Resources Classifieds Archive Search Surveys Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round Energy In-depth: Wind power now largest renewable energy source, coal poised for small rebound Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers Professor: All politics is now national, leading to ‘confrontational politics’ Arkansas Press Association chief says Senate bill, other legislation looks to water down state FOIA rules DHS drafting plan to save costs, reduce disability waiting list Senate committee OK’s bill to allow gas utilities to recoup investment costs earlier Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion Fort Smith Homebuilders group announces job training program with Fort Smith Public Schools Four state business leaders to be enshrined in the Arkansas Business Hall of Fame Video / Podcasts Rep. Crawford contends Southerner as Ag Secretary will help Arkansas, offers glimpse of Obamacare unwind AG Rutledge: State, federal medical marijuana contradictions depend on federal prosecutors Simmons Bank CEO discusses growth environment, says Dodd-Frank could be altered not repealed Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Suppliers, retailers react as categories gravitate online The Supply Side: Wal-Mart to host suppliers for two-day growth summit Coach Bielema and his borderline neurotic year The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us The Supply Side: Suppliers, retailers react as categories gravitate online BusinessLatest NewsNorthwest ArkansasThe Supply Side by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 3 days ago 341 views  Tags: The Supply Side 0 SHARES Share Tweet One of the biggest concerns of suppliers and retailers like Wal-Mart Stores is not if, but when will a majority of category sales make the shift from in-store to online. In 2016, Amazon became the world’s largest apparel retailer and Zappos, owned by Amazon, is one of the fastest-growing shoe retailers in the world with its online-only business platform. Annibal Sodero, assistant professor at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, said every category is being impacted in some way, including growing online sales, often at the expense of in-store sales. He said the days of people being afraid to purchase items online are in the past. Pointing to himself, Sodero said everything he was wearing during a recent interview was purchased online, including his watch. “So many companies are coming up with technology that reaches out to consumers to allow them to seemingly try on clothes and shoes online with augmented realities and sizing apps which makes consumers more apt to shop for clothes online,” Sodero said. DISRUPTING TRADITIONAL RETAIL Last year, Amazon posted U.S. apparel sales of $16.3 billion, second to only Wal-Mart. Amazon increased the number of apparel and accessory products on its website by 87% last year from the year before, and that’s more than the combined online sales of  five large online clothing competitors — Macy’s, Nordstrom, Kohl’s, Gap, and Victoria’s Secret parent company L Brands Inc. Consumers can look at the early holiday sales results and see that more online shopping was done in late 2016 than any other year.  Everyone from Macy’s to Home Depot have said online sales were stronger than expected, while in-store sales and traffic underperformed. Sodero said it’s not just apparel, shoes and accessories quickly gravitating to online sales. Consumers are perfectly happy, he explained, to also buy washing machines and power drills online. He said Chinese e-tailer NewEgg is also making a splash in electronic sales, another example of how a startup is disrupting traditional retail. “We shouldn’t be surprised to see this shift take place,” Sodero said. “Retail has always been akin to changes. Look first at how corner bookstores were put out of business by the book giants of Barnes & Noble and Borders. Now, Amazon has decimated those giants, and that has happened in our lifetime. “There will be more of that disruption in the near future as more once-prominent retail brands fade into history.” $880 BILLION MIGRATION A recent report from the World Economic Forum said retailers can expect to see $880 billion of commerce move from brick-and-mortar to online during the next decade. Keith Anderson, vice president of strategy and insights at Profitero, said in the past there may have been some categories that were seen as insulated from the threat of online disruption, but that just isn’t the case today. Looking back to early years of e-commerce, Anderson said the price-to-weight ratio greatly dictated what was sellable online. For instance, he said a diamond ring is expensive and lightweight. He said items were also shipped in ones and twos, entirely different from the traditional full-truck load logistics that dominated traditional retail for 30 years. He said diamonds and shoes also have a sensory component to them and once companies like Blue Diamond and Zappos figured out how to deliver on the sensory and convenience propositions, those categories quickly moved online. He said there are about 10 considerations to help retailers know if a product is conducive to online sales, some as simple as temperature sensitivity, such as dairy or meat. Anderson said virtually everything is sellable online today, particularly now that retailers like Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Home Depot are offering in-store pickup and shipping from the store. Before these delivery channels were available a few years ago, some things weren’t sold online. Anderson said U.S. consumers have also become more willing to let someone else pick their cantaloupes for their grocery order, when just a few years ago that wasn’t the case. He said improved bandwidth and higher resolution photos and the iPhone have also greatly helped to push more sales online. The iPhone will be 10 years old in June, and the iPad will turn 7 in April. Suppliers can no longer depend on the linear growth patterns of the past four decades related to new store openings by retailers like Wal-Mart, Anderson said. Retailers are opening fewer stores, and more brick-and-mortar sites continue to close each year. Anderson said e-commerce is about high frequency. He said if retailers like Walmart can make the high frequency online orders easy like groceries, then it’s reasonable to assume they can also sell more general merchandise online to the same customer. “Think about how Wal-Mart moved from its discount stores to the Supercenter because it knew groceries were a trip driver,” Anderson said. “Now Walmart is looking at that same plan online with its grocery program which utilizes stores as the pickup center.” READY FOR THE MOVE Anderson credits Home Depot with making great strides in e-commerce because it had to do so. When Amazon became the search engine for a majority of consumers last year, Home Depot saw an opportunity to jump in. Anderson said people might start their search for washing machines online at Amazon, read reviews and scope out products, but they might then check Home Depot for the same model. And that retailer was ready with an online presence and a pickup-in-store or delivery option. When asked how suppliers might get themselves ready for more categories to move online, Anderson said the worst thing they can do is ignore the situation. He said the time for CPG companies to have an online strategy was yesterday and there is no time to waste going forward. Sodero agreed that a vast majority of CPG suppliers were not ready with an online strategy. Anderson said it’s imperative that suppliers define what success means for them. It could mean a certain market share in a category, perhaps the No. 1 share of washing machine sales in stores. Then they need to also define what success will look like with their online business. “It could be the No. 5 market share in stores has a goal to be the No. 2 player online, and this is a threat to the business of No. 1. The No. 5 player might be willing to ride along as the category grows online and accept a lower profit margin while it also has to invest in the immature channel,” Anderson explained. He adds that in some categories there will be suppliers who choose to support fewer retailers over time as more of their sales move online. Anderson and Sodero don’t think anyone can predict when a category will flip over to online dominance, but it’s evident that more are doing so all the time. “Roughly $1 out of every $10 is spent online for retail, and at some point that will double and double again. E-commerce is only 20 years old. In each of the past five years online sales have grown by double digits, while in-store sales struggle to grow from 2% to 3% annually. The law of big numbers still favors traditional retail, but there is no let down in strong annual growth from online sales. And someday there will be a saturation point, but we are nowhere near it yet,” Anderson said. Sodero said in the meantime categories from razors, to dog food and groceries are being disrupted from startups like Dollar Shave, Wag.com and Blue Apron, which didn’t exist five years ago. He said these online startups chip away at the market share of retailers like Wal-Mart and their suppliers. Editor’s note: The Supply Side section of Talk Business & Politics focuses on the companies, organizations, issues and individuals engaged in providing products and services to retailers. The Supply Side is managed by Talk Business & Politics and sponsored by Propak Logistics. Comments comments Previous post Pocahontas, Randolph County ready for job and wage growth Next post Legislation needed for automated vehicle testing in state for the trucking industry Newsletter Sign up to get latest from TB&P in your inbox! Talk Business & Politics Newsletter Sign Up Subscribe Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Nate Steel It’s time to end Dodd-Frank’s hit on community banks Frank D. Scott, Jr. Black leaders making a difference in business, their communities Barbara Taylor How to find a silver lining in a tarnished industry Tim Leathers Task force could help overhaul Arkansas’ tax code Boyd Evert A New Year’s resolution for Walmart Latest Popular Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers 11 hours ago Professor: All politics is now national, leading to ‘confrontational politics’ 12 hours ago Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round 14 hours ago Energy In-depth: Wind power now largest renewable energy source, coal poised for small rebound 20 hours ago Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion 1 day ago Fayetteville restaurant Stone Mill to open second location in Bentonville 1,684 views Report: Aldi is the ‘clear price leader’ compared to Wal-Mart 1,197 views The Supply Side: Wal-Mart to host suppliers for two-day growth summit 1,175 views Gaining Traction: Five startup industries to watch in 2017 1,114 views Fort Smith Board of Directors places RITA on notice, terminates River Valley Sports Complex 966 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
null
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2006 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Southaven PD searching for witness to vandalism in Walmart parki - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Black History Month 2016 Heart headlines My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Our local commitment WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Southaven PD searching for witness to vandalism in Walmart parking lot 2017-02-08T19:23:04Z2017-02-08T22:05:29Z By WMCActionNews5.com Staff Email Connect desk@wmctv.com (Source: Southaven Police Department) SOUTHAVEN, MS (WMC) - Southaven Police Department needs your help finding a person who may have witnessed a vandalism in a Southaven Walmart parking lot. SPD said it is looking into a Facebook post that described the vandal. Officers spoke with several witnesses and obtained video to assist in the investigation. The Facebook post, titled as malicious mischief, stated that the damage happened on February 2 around 3 p.m., according to SPD. The victim said she felt that someone purposely damaged her vehicle. She stated as she was leaving Walmart, a man brought the damage to her attention and asked if she needed help. She told him no and drove her car to a Ford dealership, causing more damage. Investigators are trying to identify and located the man who offered his assistance to see what he knows about the vandalism. If you know who this man is, or have any information about the incident, call DeSoto County Crime Stoppers at 662-429-TIPS (8477) or Southaven Police Department at 662-393-8652. Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved.  News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Jailers afraid for their lives inside 201 Poplar Jailers afraid for their lives inside 201 Poplar Updated: Saturday, February 11 2017 12:04 AM EST2017-02-11 05:04:06 GMT Shelby County jail (Source: WMC Action News 5) Dozens of complaints show that jailers fear fear for their lives inside 201 Poplar. More >> Dozens of complaints show that jailers fear fear for their lives inside 201 Poplar.More >> Millennials buying less lottery tickets Millennials buying less lottery tickets Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 11:34 PM EST2017-02-11 04:34:22 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5 archives) It looks like Millennials are less interested in buying lottery tickets.More >> It looks like Millennials are less interested in buying lottery tickets.More >> breaking Witnesses rush to the side of people trapped inside burning car Witnesses rush to the side of people trapped inside burning car Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 11:22 PM EST2017-02-11 04:22:22 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) A car caught on fire after crashing at Walnut Grove and Timber Creek just before 10 p.m. Friday night. More >> A car caught on fire after crashing at Walnut Grove and Timber Creek just before 10 p.m. Friday night.More >> Sudan immigrant among 31 new MPD officers hitting the streets Sudan immigrant among 31 new MPD officers hitting the streets Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 10:56 PM EST2017-02-11 03:56:17 GMT John Liom (right) pictured with MPD Director Mike Rallings (left) during graduation (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) The Memphis Police Association billboards were the center of controversy this week between the MPA and Memphis mayor.More >> The Memphis Police Association billboards were the center of controversy this week between the MPA and Memphis mayor.More >> breaking Overturned car, 2 vehicle crash impacts Germantown traffic Overturned car, 2 vehicle crash impacts Germantown traffic Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 10:53 PM EST2017-02-11 03:53:00 GMT (SOURCE: submitted) Germantown police responded to a two car crash at Germantown Parkway and Wolf River just after 9:30 p.m. Friday.  More >> Germantown police responded to a two car crash at Germantown Parkway and Wolf River just after 9:30 p.m. Friday. More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Woman gives birth on jail floor; Sheriff on defense Woman gives birth on jail floor; Sheriff on defense Posted: Friday, February 10 2017 6:14 AM EST2017-02-10 11:14:06 GMT Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 6:26 AM EST2017-02-10 11:26:18 GMT A video shows Jessica Preston being sent back to her cell three times after telling staff she was having her baby. The baby was born a month early, weighing less than 5 lbs. More >> A video shows Jessica Preston being sent back to her cell three times after telling staff she was having her baby. The baby was born a month early, weighing less than 5 lbs.More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
SAT, FEB 11, 2017 | -2 °C Partly cloudy Full Text Archive LIVE: Traffic, Weather & Road Conditions Report the news Newsletter Signup Home & Garden Contact Us Print Editions In Your Neighbourhood Milton mayor marks a milestone Hot Topics Newsletter Signup Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Crime Education Ontario Canada World 4 hours ago Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway Latest News SEE MORE New Zealanders refloat 100 pilot whales after 400 stranded Bombardier seeks injunction against Metrolinx Trudeau tries to avoid frosty Trump meeting Baseball Basketball Football Golf High School Hockey Lacrosse Olympics Soccer University 3 hours ago Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Latest Sports SEE MORE Plum leads No. 10 Washington past Arizona 91-55 McPhee leads No. 8 Stanford women past Colorado 64-51 Lakers survive late Bucks rally to win 122-114 Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity Daytripping 3 hours ago Christina Ricci recalls her naked scene in Z: The Beginning of Everything Hollywood star Christina Ricci has revealed she felt like she was wearing... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Jamie Dornan: I know 'every line' to Frozen Nick Cannon 'encourages trying' within his kids George Clooney's mother dubs him a 'great' dad Blogs Columns Editorial Letters Cartoon 16 hours ago Her name is Sadie Grace My eldest daughter Lindsay and her husband Josh have been counting the days... Cartoon VIEW MORE OPINION Small Business Week Community Guide Crowdfunding Environment Family Home and Garden Money Matters Pets and Animals Wellness Canada 150 11 hours ago Burlington's Food for Life launches website to help end hunger BURLINGTON - Food for Life recently launched a new website to raise public... Community Stories SEE MORE Schizophrenia: What the experts say Sugary drinks pose threat to health: study Burlington dentistry team offering free dental care to Syrian family Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca Tickets to Fight Night VII discount: 15% | value: $20.00 | You Save: $3.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Cats: Masters of disguise who need regular veterinary care Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Tickets to Fight Night VII discount: 15% | value: $20.00 | You Save: $3.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days What do Fundraisers, House Parties and Italian Leather Purses have in common? Home News Walmart Int.’l CEO to address Appleby College... | Feb 08, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart Int.’l CEO to address Appleby College Business Case Competition in Oakville Walmart Int.’l CEO to address Appleby College Business Case Competition in Oakville Courtesy Appleby College David Cheesewright, CEO and president Walmart International. next play/pause pre Oakville Beaver By Abigail Cukier Special to the Beaver Organizers hope to get as many schools as possible to participate in the inaugural Appleby College Business Case Competition. “We have the facilities here to host a sizable competition. It is a great way for students to interact and hone their analytical skills, teamwork skills and presentation skills,” said David Suchanek, a business teacher at the Oakville independent secondary school. “With the case study method, students get real cases to digest and they need to analyze and conclude them. It is great experience that is not always taught in school.” The competition will be held Saturday, Feb. 25 at Appleby College for students in Grades 9 to 12. "We have the facilities here to host a sizable competition. It is a great way for students to interact and hone their analytical skills, teamwork skills and presentation skills. With the case study method, students get real cases to digest and they need to analyze and conclude them. It is great experience that is not always taught in school." David Suchanek Appleby College Groups of three or four will be given an Ivey case study and have three hours to develop the best solution and prepare a well-rehearsed PowerPoint presentation. Students will present to a panel of judges, who will decide the two finalists, who will present in front of all students. The event will also include lunch and keynote speaker, David Cheesewright, CEO and president of Walmart International. His career spans more than 25 years in the international and retail sectors, including an appointment as CEO of Walmart Canada in 2008. He has three children, two of whom are Appleby alumni. The third is in his final year at the school. “It will be a great day. We have the volunteers and space ready. We would love to have as many schools as possible,” Suchanek said. “If you are new to it, you can just come and see what it’s all about. We hope to make it an annual affair.” The registration deadline for the competition is today (Friday, Feb. 10). For information, email Suchanek at dsuchanek@appleby.on.ca.   | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News Roof fire at Burlington's Atrium conference centre Snapshot News Updated: Fire inside industrial-sized roasting oven causes more than $1 million damage Snapshot News Fire erupts inside industrial size roasting kettle at a food warehouse/processing facility in Oakville Snapshot News Car forced off road in rural Milton Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Photo Gallery The Big Freeze Photo Gallery CrossFit youth fit competition Community Milton Mayor's annual gala News Robin Davis Studio creates Old World Robots The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Roof fire at Burlington's Atrium conference centre Car forced off road in rural Milton Fire erupts inside industrial size roasting kettle at a food warehouse/processing facility in Oakville Updated: Fire inside industrial-sized roasting oven causes more than $1 million damage Three-car crash in Burlington In Your Neighbourhood Today Top-loading or front-loading washing machines: What are the differences? The knowledgeable and helpful team at Oakville Appliance Centre in Oakville, Ontario, can provide... Jensen Windows: The region's trusted source for quality windows and doors Hamilton’s Jensen Windows’ made-in-Canada, long-lasting and quality windows have made the company a... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... Kick off the Holiday Season in The City The crisp December air, much like the last falling of the leaves, reminds us that the festive... Do you snore? Anti-snore treatment is available If you snore, it will please you to know that Hopedale Dental Care in Oakville offers anti-snore... How to troubleshoot problems with your garage door If your garage door is giving you trouble, call Door Design Inc. in Burlington for quick and... Regular maintenance by certified mechanics will save you money and extend the life of your car For more than three decades, the expert mechanics at Brian Taylor’s Automotive on Industrial Street... Radiant heat versus forced air systems Appleby Systems Georgetown Inc. in Halton Hills can help settle the debate between radiant or... Flexible options for memorial urns, customized cremation containers Since 1998, Just Cremation and Burial has offered families throughout Burlington, Oakville and the... The truth about head lice You may be horrified when your child comes home from school with head lice, but The Lice Shack of... Smile makeovers: How esthetic dentistry can give you a beautiful smile Smile makeovers have become an increasingly sought-after service in the dental profession, and, as... Be the talk of your event in a custom suit Stoney Creek Tailors specializes in tailoring clothing such as suits, pants, shirts, jackets and... Appliances for your kitchen: Customer satisfaction with a personal touch Oakville Appliance Centre in Oakville, Ontario, has been providing customers with high-quality... Clean and dry: Safety tips for using your clothes dryer With today’s energy-efficient laundry appliances, like those carried by Oakville Appliance Centre... Call Deluxe Garage Doors by MCM for all your garage door repairs The professionals at Deluxe Garage Doors by MCM in Burlington have over 40 years of experience... Air conditioning repairs: Best left to the experts Air Quest Air Conditioning & Heating in Burlington provides expert HVAC system repairs for... Energy-efficient dishwashers save both time and money At Oakville Appliance Centre, the latest models of automatic dishwashers make kitchen cleanups... Radiant heating is good for you and your flooring Vartanian Rugs in Stoney Creek suggests that if you’re looking for added warmth and even heating... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... New management means even more beauty services at Instyle Nails & Boutique The beauty team at Instyle Nails & Boutique in Oakville wants to let their loyal customers know... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Up to 86% off a Microdermabrasion With Deep Cleansing Facial and Extractions $39 View Deal Up to 53% off House Cleaning Sessions $69 View Deal 60% off Ground Turkey $29 View Deal 62% off Golfing for 2 $70 View Deal 75% off Two Months of Yoga Classes $79 View Deal 60% off Ground Chicken $29 View Deal Basmati Rice $10 View Deal View All Deals MORE NEWS NDP event in Oakville to support diversity Catholic board trustees mark Holocaust Memorial Day at Oakville school Burlington dentistry team offering free dental care to Syrian family Milton to receive more transit funding in 2019 Women’s Centre gala in Oakville will help build up women and community PreviousNext Halton Hills councillor Clark Somerville reflects on term as FCM president Pace of housing starts picks up in January Halton Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Commitment to Accessibility Commenting Guidelines Contact Us Content Removal Policy Corporate Sales Mobile Newsletter Signup Order a Photo Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Crowdfunding Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideToronto.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com Sachem.ca TheIFP.ca TheRecord.com TheSpec.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
RedEye Your weekend plans. Delivered. News Opinion Commentary Commentary: Melania, Ivanka and the Trump family's definition of public service Melania Trump’s libel lawsuit Trump’s attorneys are "seeking redress for the commercial harm done to her, her commercial brand and her business opportunities." (Feb. 7, 2017) Trump’s attorneys are "seeking redress for the commercial harm done to her, her commercial brand and her business opportunities." (Feb. 7, 2017) Timothy L. O'BrienBloomberg View We can all thank first lady Melania Trump for giving us a clearer sense of what she and her family are looking for from their stay in the White House. In court papers Melania filed on Monday as part of a libel lawsuit against the parent company of the Daily Mail, she said that the British tabloid and website, by falsely reporting that she had once worked as a prostitute, caused the first lady to miss "major business opportunities" and "multimillion-dollar relationships." The lawsuit, first reported by the New York Post on Tuesday evening, said Melania's missed deals would have involved such products as "apparel, accessories, shoes, jewelry, cosmetics, hair care, skin care, and fragrance." Melania's role as first lady to President Donald Trump would have offered her a "once-in-a-lifetime" opportunity to cash in on such deals, the lawsuit noted, but the reputational damage done by the Daily Mail had disrupted those plans. Amid a little swirl of social media attention for the case Tuesday, Melania's spokespeople said that reporters and others had misinterpreted the language in the suit and that the first lady had "no intention" of trying to profit from her White House role. Fortunately for another Trump, the president's daughter Ivanka, nothing yet seems to have unwound similar opportunities afforded by being a member of one of the world's most famous families, with regular access to two of the world's most powerful men (her father and her husband, Jared Kushner, a senior adviser to the president). (However, on Feb. 5, Nordstrom announced it would no longer carry Ivanka's clothing label.) Shortly after Trump was elected, Ivanka's eponymous accessories company drew criticism for aggressively marketing jewelry she had sported during a "60 Minutes" interview about her and her father's White House plans. More recently, Ivanka has stated that she would part ways with the Trump Organization and her own business by moving to Washington and taking a "leave of absence" from the companies. But as ProPublica reported last week, she has yet to make public documentation proving that she has formally left her businesses. Meanwhile, she has invited titans of industry for dinner at her Washington home, where the guests included the chief executive of Wal-Mart. Ivanka's clothing line is sold in Wal-Mart stores, and Wal-Mart has an interest, inevitably, in a number of decisions that the Trump White House will make, including corporate tax rates, trade agreements and labor regulations. Ivanka seems to be blissfully unaware that any of this might appear, at a minimum, unseemly. On Tuesday morning, she tweeted a photograph of herself attending a White House meeting with her father's business advisory council, a panel of prominent corporate executives assigned to give her father guidance. The taint of possible self-dealing that clings, vaguely, to Ivanka's comings-and-goings, is a step more pronounced with Kushner. Privy to innermost White House decisions, he has yet to effectively distance himself from the Kushner family's real-estate operations: He simply moved his assets into a trust controlled by a less-than-disinterested party, his mother. And then we come to the Trump patriarch himself, who freely mingles his family's business interests and the authority of the presidency. Just Wednesday morning, he defended Ivanka's wallet and lit into Nordstrom because the retailer recently dropped his daughter's clothing line due to weak sales, tweeting: "My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!" Trump's tweets are just mood music in this discussion, though. Of greater note is that the president still hasn't released his tax returns or truly separated himself from the Trump Organization's business affairs. By these decisions, Trump, who isn't subject to federal conflicts-of-interest laws, has ignored decades of Oval Office tradition meant to reassure the public that the president — unlike Melania — isn't looking for "multi-million-dollar relationships" in the White House. For students of good government, Melania's lawsuit does have an upside: the discovery process. Since she is seeking at least $150 million in damages stemming from missed business opportunities, the lawyers representing the Daily Mail should eventually avail themselves of their discovery powers to secure each and every email, communique and document about White House business prospects that the Trump parents and children discussed. They should also subpoena the Trump family's tax returns and banking records while they're at it. If President Trump isn't inclined to release his tax returns or be more transparent about his business dealings, then maybe the courts can help him along. Bloomberg View Timothy O'Brien is the executive editor of Bloomberg Gadfly and Bloomberg View. He has been an editor and writer for the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, HuffPost and Talk magazine. His books include "TrumpNation: The Art of Being The Donald." Related articles:  Countries where Trump does business are not hit by new travel restrictions Eric Trump's business trip to Uruguay cost taxpayers $97,830 in hotel bills What Trump should do about his business empire Explainer: 5 Trump business ties that pose conflicts  Photos through the years of Melania Trump, America's new first lady. Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Donald Trump Melania Trump White House Jared Kushner Illinois has the wrong legislature How Trump's travel ban helps terrorists Guns and mental illness: Don't scrap this rule Sports Breaking Trending RedEye Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 38°
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Politics Politics Elections Presidential Debates 2016 White House Congress Law Taxes How President Trump could gut America's consumer watchdog Ylan Mui | @ylanmui Wednesday, 8 Feb 2017 | 9:38 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Matthew Staver | Bloomberg | Getty Images A shopper uses a credit card to pay for her items at a Wal-Mart Supercenter in Denver, Colorado. America's consumer watchdog agency is sitting in the crosshairs of the White House. A D.C. court is expected to rule soon on whether the structure of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is constitutional. But no matter the outcome, critics of the agency have begun laying the groundwork for the Trumpadministration to make dramatic changes to the institution at the heart of President Barack Obama's overhaul of the financial system. "The CFPB's structure is based on the idea that government is unlimited and rights are dependent on the special dispensation of the experts who know better than the American people," Republican Sens. Ben Sasseof Nebraska and Mike Leeof Utah wrote in a recent letter to the White House. "I'm just focused on doing my job, which is protecting consumers.  The rest of it is above my pay grade." -Richard Cordray, director, CFPB The debate is centered on the agency's director, Richard Cordray, who is serving a five-year term that ends in 2018.The CFPB is an independent government agency that is funded through the Federal Reserve. Though Cordray is a presidential appointee, the White House has limited power to remove him. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the law that established the agency, the head of the CFPB can be dismissed only for "inefficiency, neglect of duty or malfeasance in office." Cordray's protected status is now being challenged by PHH, a New Jersey mortgage servicer that the CFPB had fined $109 million. In November, a panel of judges in the D.C. Circuit Court ruled that the agency lacked critical checks on the director's power. But any changes to the CFPB's structure are on hold while the court decides whether a broader set of judges should weigh in. Industry experts say the answer could arrive any day. If the court denies the CFPB's request, Trump could dismiss Cordray almost immediately — and the agency would have little recourse to appeal to the Supreme Court under a Republican administration. "I'm just focused on doing my job, which is protecting consumers," Cordray told CNBC on Wednesday on his way to Capitol Hill. "The rest of it is above my pay grade." White House already lining up a new boss Even if the court grants a broader review and the case remains in limbo, opponents of the CFPB have begun building the case for removing Cordray anyway. The White House has already begun meeting with potential replacements, such as former Rep. Randy Neugebauer, R-Texas, who had proposed legislation that would gut the agency. "Dodd-Frank was a piece of massive government overreach," a senior administration official said. "Some of the rules may have even been unconstitutional in creating new agencies that don't actually protect consumers. They might have just created more additional work. We're looking to deal with those." Critics point to a laundry list of CFPB actions that they say could warrant removal under existing Dodd-Frank standards: Republicans have excoriated the agency for the cost of renovating its building, for example, and for an alleged lack of diversity among its employees. "I think the president has at least a credible claim for removal." -Brian Knight, senior fellow, Mercatus Center They also argue the agency overstepped its authority in issuing rules intended to address discrimination in auto lending that also affect car dealers — an industry that was specifically carved out from the CFPB's purview. "I think the president has at least a credible claim for removal," said Brian Knight, as senior fellow at the libertarian Mercatus Center at George Mason University. "They've been extremely aggressive, and the courts have been pushing back on them pretty consistently." show chapters Rep. Hensarling: Dodd-Frank is to household finances as Obamacare is to health care    Tuesday, 7 Feb 2017 | 3:15 PM ET | 03:27 Still, dismissing Cordray would be virtually unprecedented, even for a White House that prides itself on jettisoning tradition. No one has been fired by a president since the Supreme Court in 1935 set those standards of inefficiency, negligence or malfeasance for removal, according to an analysis by the left-leaning Americans for Financial Reform. "The slipshod rationalizations thinly disguising an underlying desire to remove a strong enforcer surely do not justify making him the first official ever to be removed by a president for cause," wrote Brian Simmonds Marshall and Veronica Meffe. Meanwhile, House Financial Services Chairman Jeb Hensarling, R-Texas, is about to introduce a new version of his bill to undo Dodd-Frank that is also expected to take aim at the CFPB. In an interview on CNBC on Tuesday, he said he planned to work closely with the White House on that effort. "Dodd-Frank broke all its promises," he said. "I certainly hope to do my part on Capitol Hill to return us to a healthy economy and unclog the arteries of lending." Taking on the CFPB could prove politically precarious, however. Trump's campaign was fueled by populist anger against Wall Street — the same anger that helped lead to the creation of the agency in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The CFPB is the brainchild of Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, an outspoken critic of the banking industry who enjoys a 61 percent approval rating in her home state, according to Morning Consult. 'Consumers deserve to have him serve' Consumer advocacy groups have also vowed to fight any attempts in the courts or on Capitol Hill to dismantle the agency. "Director Richard Cordray has proven to be a tireless and effective leader, and consumers deserve to have him serve out the rest of his term working on their behalf," said Debbie Goldstein, executive vice president at the Center for Responsible Lending. It remains unclear how quickly and aggressively the White House may move. Oliver Ireland, a partner at the law firm Morrison Foerster, said the Trump administration may wait until after the court weighs in on whether to review the PHH case again. In addition, Trump's nominee to lead the Treasury Department, Steven Mnuchin, has yet to be confirmed, and several other key Cabinet posts remain unfilled. Those positions could take precedence, Ireland said. But he said it was likely that the president's attention would eventually land on the consumer watchdog. "It seems to me there are a lot of moving parts here," Ireland said. "I think it's very hard to handicap that from a distance." Ylan MuiCNBC Reporter To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2006 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Retailers, trade groups increase fight against tax proposal Business Associated Press · Feb 1, 2017 In this Thursday, July 5, 2012 photo, rows of carts await customers at a Target store in Chicago. M. Spencer Green | AP 2012 More than 100 retailers including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, which they believe would harm their businesses. The National Retail Federation, along with the American International Automobile Dealers Association, the National Grocers Association and others are joining forces to form Americans for Affordable Products, which will run a campaign to educate consumers and show lawmakers that the so-called Border Adjusted Tax plan would lead to higher prices of as much as 20 percent on everyday items including clothing, food and even gas. The diversified group, which also includes such companies as Nike, Best Buy, luxury conglomerate LVMH and Dollar General, is trying to make their opposition heard even while Congress and the president try to sort out exactly what adjustments to put forth. • Related: Trump proposes big export tax, triggering fight with Mexico Congressional Republicans want to eliminate tax incentives that encourage U.S. companies to move overseas, sharply cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, and encourage more factory output at home. But opponents say the plan would have a harmful rippling effect, causing companies to even lay off workers. The proposal — spearheaded by House GOP Speaker Paul Ryan and Missouri Rep. Kevin Brady, the top Republican on the House tax-writing committee -- would constitute the most sweeping reforms to corporate taxes in at least three decades. Trump has dismissed the cornerstone of the House GOP plan as "too complicated" and has been touting a 35 percent levy on imports. Yet his spokesman appeared to put the tax back in play last week by proposing a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico and "other countries we have a trade deficit with" to pay for a border wall. "There's a rush to get this done in Congress. We want to make sure our voices are heard," said David French, chief lobbyist for the National Retail Federation, which has been dispatching members to meet with different levels of the new administration as well as lawmakers. Details of the consumer campaign are still being worked out, according to a spokeswoman at the retail trade group. A lot is at stake. Nearly all such items that U.S. shoppers buy are either wholly or partly produced overseas as companies have sought the cheapest way to make goods. And with online competition and shoppers trained to find the best deals, U.S. retailers haven't had the power to raise prices on many goods for several years. "I'm losing sleep. I am scared out of my mind," said Rick Woldenberg, CEO of Learning Resources, which has signed on to the coalition. It is a family-owned company based in Vernon Hills, Illinois that makes educational toys and employs 150 people in the U.S. He estimates that under the GOP plan his federal tax rate would soar to 165 percent from 39.6 percent, he would have to raise prices by 10 percent to 15 percent to stay viable, and would have to lay off employees. Retail industry leaders "describe it as an existential threat," said Stephen Lamar, executive vice president at the American Apparel & Footwear Association, another member of the coalition. "When they crunch the numbers, it really affects things like solvency and profits." Lamar said companies would likely have to pass along higher prices to shoppers, who wouldn't tolerate it. Companies say they also would have to try to squeeze suppliers for more savings and fear they might even have to lay off workers or close stores. George Feldenkreis, CEO of Perry Ellis International, estimates that he would have to raise prices on his clothing anywhere from 20 percent to 25 percent if the border tax went into effect. Shirts currently range in price from $14.99 to $49.99. "People who are thinking about it don't know the consequences," Feldenkreis said. He added that the company would also have to lay off workers. "It's not just a retail implication," said Jack Kleinhenz, chief economist at the National Retail Federation. "We know it's going to impact Main Street in many ways. It could be autos, manufacturing." The proposal would essentially tax corporations based on where their products and services are consumed, rather than on their incomes. In that way, it is similar to a sales tax. House GOP supporters such as Ryan and Brady say that would eliminate the incentives for corporations to use complex schemes to shift their incomes to lower-tax jurisdictions. To ensure the tax is focused on U.S. sales only, it would exclude a company's export sales. But the cost of imported goods would be taxed. The tax could raise as much as $1.2 trillion in revenue over the next decade, which would help pay for the steep tax cuts included in the House GOP plan. Proponents say if the plan is enacted, the dollar will increase in value by as much as 25 percent, resulting in cheaper imports and offsetting the impact. But many economists and industry executives worry the dollar wouldn't adjust, or certainly not fast enough. And Lamar said a shirt label saying "Made in China," doesn't tell the whole story. Seventy percent of the value of the garment supports U.S jobs in areas like design and logistics, he said. • More: Shaming firms that export jobs has worked for Trump so far Other groups also oppose the border-adjusted tax, including Americans for Prosperity, a conservative organization backed by billionaires Charles and David Koch, who typically donate generously to Republican campaigns. The tax would likely encourage companies to produce more in the U.S., or buy more of their parts and components in the U.S. Some companies say they could make those changes in order to avoid raising prices too much. Robert Sands, the CEO of Constellation Brands, said on a recent conference call that the company could purchase more natural gas from the United States, rather than Mexico, which it uses to make glass for the Corona and Modelo beer it imports. "It's those kinds of things that we are looking at, planning on, if this comes to pass," Sands said. "We don't expect consumer demand for our product to be affected." Woldenberg, though, whose company makes 98 percent of its products overseas, says shifting his manufacturing to the U.S. isn't an option. In the last three years, he said he tried twice to find some U.S. molders interested in making its products here, but it wasn't financially feasible. He also doesn't believe that changes in foreign exchange rates will offset the costs of the plan for retailers. And even if it did, he says relief wouldn't come right away. "I am not going to play the currency markets to run this business," he said. "I want to make toys. I am not a forex trader." Stay Informed Subscribe to our politics newsletter. Email Address* Zip Code See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous What could go wrong in a utopian compound? 1 week ago Next U expert: Trump, Obama refugee bans very different 1 week ago Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
Sections News Black History Month Obituaries State Courts/Police Data Center Business Stocks Election Coughlin School Work: Wilkes-Barre Area projects Veterans Graduation Amazing Kids Sports Olympics Varsity Voice Varsity570 Gameface RailRiders Penguins College Triathlon Hooper Award Classic Wildlife Penn State National Sports Arts & Living Bazaars Community JumpStart! Calendar Games People Food and Drink Schools Hot Shot Couponing Festivals Blogs Penn State Blog RailRiders Varsity Voice Penguins Insider College Corner Take 2 Blog Editor's Note Photo Blog Wildlife Blog Facebook The Citizens' Voice CV Sports JumpStart! Pittston Progress NEPA Bazaars Submit Send in community announcements, new tips, weddings, engagements and anniversaries Opinion Editorials Letters Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Contact Presspass Become a carrier Trial Print Subscriptions Print Advertising Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace e-Edition Subscribe READ THE CITIZENS' VOICE Access the Citizens' Voice e-Edition on your computer or smart device in its original print format. Home delivery subscribers can read it free! Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Citizens' Voice on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at citizensvoice.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. News • Obituaries • Sports • Arts & Living • Opinion • Contact • e-Edition • Classifieds Hanover Township man arrested for alleged scam Got a news tip? We welcome readers’ input. Send your story ideas or news tips here. (read more) Facebook Like us to get local news and more delivered to your news feed. (read more) Tweets by @CitizensVoice Most Read Recent Comments Legendary businessman Al Boscov dies at 87 Police: Man hid meth lab in parked vehicle in W-B Police: Hole in county jail visiting booth allowed visitors to pass drugs to inmates W-B council adds its voice to growing ban-the-box initiative Retail legend Al Boscov dies at 87 Obituaries Barnett Jr., Richard P. Barziloski, Lisa E. Hall, Martin D. Hilstolsky, Stanley J. Kozak III, Frank Lukasavage, Daniel Mandycz, Eleanor L. Mehal, Shaun Thomas Noon, Mariah A. Pudim, Carl H. By Amanda Christman / Published: February 8, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     A Hanover Township man is accused of scamming people from out of state was caught in Rush Township, court papers say. Felix A. Tejeda, 35, allegedly fabricated stories of the victim’s relatives’ arrests while requesting the victims wire transfer money to him for bail. Then Tejeda would allegedly pick up the money at Wal-Mart in Hometown until Rush Township police and store employees apprehended him Jan. 31. Law enforcement in Ithaca, Michigan, contacted Rush Township police Jan. 13 stating a male contacted a couple in Michigan claiming he was a legal aide in Pennsylvania and that their grandson was involved in an accident and needed $5,000 bail, according to arrest papers. The male gave the victims the names of two bail bondsmen and told them they would have to wire $2,500 from two different Wal-Mart stores since the company only allows a person to receive $2,500 per day. As instructed, the victims sent the $5,000 in separate transactions from stores in the towns of Alma and St. Johns, police wrote, but when they got in touch with their grandson later that day they found they were duped. Knowing then that their grandson wasn’t in trouble in Pennsylvania, they contacted their local police. The couple managed to cancel one of the transactions but by the time they found out they were being scammed the first transaction had already been picked up at Wal-Mart in Hometown by Tejeda who used a fake identification card, court papers state. He faces three counts each theft by unlawful taking, access device fraud, theft by deception and identity theft — all third-degree felonies. Tejeda was arraigned by Magisterial District Judge Stephen Bayer, Tamaqua, who set bail at $25,000. Unable to post the money, he was taken to jail. achristman@standardspeaker.com We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 75 N. Washington St. Wilkes-Barre, PA 18701 (570) 821-2000 CONTACT US Copyright ©2016 The Citizens' Voice PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND WILKES-BARRE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Saturday, February 11, 2017 Subscriber Services Homes Autos Jobs Classified Home The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts TV Listings Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help News Local   Crime Four arrested after string of armed street robberies in Eugene One of the nine victims is stabbed; the suspects are reported to be teens     By Chelsea Gorrow The Register-Guard Feb. 8, 2017   Today’s Local stories Gov. Brown outlines plan to keep Elliott State Forest publicly owned Mohawk High School to drop Indian mascot On a date, off-duty Eugene police officer hands firearm, ammunition and badge to drunk female companion, investigation finds 2017 Eugene Community Garden application deadline is Monday Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo surgery soon More Local »   A woman suffered serious injuries after being stabbed Monday night during a string of armed street robberies in Eugene involving four people believed to be in their late teens, Eugene police said Tuesday. Police arrested four people in connection with the robberies Tuesday afternoon, after a brief chase in a stolen pickup truck that led from the Walmart parking lot on Green Acres Road to Fir Acres Drive and Willagillespie Road. It was there that officers “forcibly stopped the vehicle,” according to Lt. Doug Mozan, meaning an officer purposely crashed into the truck in order to stop it. One of the four people inside­ the truck attempted to run after the crash, but that person was quickly captured and arrested, along with the three others in the vehicle, Mozan said. Their names and ages have not been released. The vehicle matched a description that one of the nine robbery victims provided to police Monday night, according to Sgt. Jay Shadwick. The license plate, he said, was only one digit off from the number provided by the victim. A Eugene police crime prevention specialist spotted the stolen Toyota Tacoma near Walmart on Green Acres around noon Tuesday — about 14 hours after the robberies across town — with the four suspects inside and called for additional officers, police said. The stabbing victim, 25, was injured just after 10 p.m. Monday in the 200 block of West Seventh Avenue near Lincoln Street. She was taken by medics to PeaceHealth Sacred Heart Medical Center at River­Bend in Springfield, according to dispatch logs. Police said the woman’s injuries were life-threatening. At noon Tuesday, her condition was critical but improving, Shadwick said. Police said the stabbing occurred amid a series of robberies in Eugene, from Franklin Boulevard east of Matthew Knight Arena, west to Jefferson Street near Jefferson Park. The first robbery was reported at 9:31 p.m. in the 400 block of East 19th Avenue. Minutes later, a second robbery was reported in the 2000 block of Patterson Street. In each case, a white female described as 5 feet 4 inches tall with short dark hair pulled a knife on the victim, while a white man believed to be 6 feet 3 inches tall and a black man about 6 feet tall stood nearby, police said. A fourth person was involved, police said, but no description of that suspect was provided. In the third reported robbery, the woman was stabbed. Afterward, two more robberies were reported, first at West 18th Avenue and Jefferson Street, then at 2025 Franklin Blvd. In total, nine people were robbed during five or possibly six incidents, Shadwick said. The robbers demanded anything the victims had, from wallets to headphones. At least two people refused to hand over belongings and ran away, he said. Shadwick said the string of armed robberies was “very out of the ordinary” for Eugene. Follow Chelsea on Twitter @chelseagorrow. Email chelsea.gorrow@registerguard.com. More Crime articles »     RG Daily Digest Get our top headlines delivered to your inbox.         Today’s Local stories Environment Gov. Brown outlines plan to keep Elliott State Forest publicly owned Schools Mohawk High School to drop Indian mascot Eugene Police On a date, off-duty Eugene police officer hands firearm, ammunition and badge to drunk female companion, investigation finds Crime More details released about juvenile robbery suspects, accused of stabbing woman Schools At Willamette High School, culinary team feels the heat as statewide cook-off contest draws near Lane County Circuit Court Springfield man faces prison in stalking case Local News 2017 Eugene Community Garden application deadline is Monday Oregon Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo surgery soon Oregon Judge: Activist guilty, but won’t be punished Oregon Brown speaks out about Columbia River gillnetting decision Weather Gov. Brown extends storm-related state of emergency Oregon Oregon City man, 61, convicted of abusing Corvallis teen Oregon Oregon man sentenced for stabbing mom’s boyfriend Oregon Robbery suspect fatally shot by Portland police identified Religion The Bulletin Local News For the Record Local News Community     Opinion Editorial Lessons in governance Can Trump learn from travel ban meltdown? President Trump wanted his temporary ban on refugees and on travel from seven mostly Muslim nations to go into effect immediately so that planeloads of people wouldn’t rush to beat a deadline. The result was … The Eatons’ retirements Eugene falling behind in investment in our urban forest GOP persists in giving fodder to Democrats More Opinion » Weekend Out and About Past meets present Step back in time on a day trip to Salem’s Deepwood estate and gardens Elizabeth Basalto, volunteer docent at Deepwood Museum and Gardens in Salem, could be the lady of the house. Stepping across the front door threshold onto the grand wrap-around porch, she wears an everyday outfit similar … Weekend events for Lane County and beyond, Feb. 11-12 Focus on: Valentine’s Day-related events Ancient paper craft lends elegance to Valentine’s cards More Weekend » Weekend Out and About Past meets present Step back in time on a day trip to Salem’s Deepwood estate and gardens Elizabeth Basalto, volunteer docent at Deepwood Museum and Gardens in Salem, could be the lady of the house. Stepping across the front door threshold onto the grand wrap-around porch, she wears an everyday outfit similar … Weekend events for Lane County and beyond, Feb. 11-12 Focus on: Valentine’s Day-related events Ancient paper craft lends elegance to Valentine’s cards More Weekend »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
null
null
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Report your weather with the ABC11 First Alert Weather app! Follow Us ABC11 TOGETHER Secret good Samaritan surprises Apex firefighters Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1742721" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The fridge is full at the fire station. ABC11 Together highlights the strength of the human spirit, good deeds, community needs, and how our viewers can help WTVD By Stephanie Lopez Tuesday, February 07, 2017 07:05PM APEX, North Carolina (WTVD) -- Apex firefighters are sending out a big thank you after a good Samaritan took care of their grocery bill for them. The firefighters at Apex Station 2 didn't see who did it, but they want them to know how much it meant to them. A Walmart receipt with a handwritten note saying "Thank you for all you do," is one of the only clues the firefighters have about who paid for their groceries Sunday, when they got an emergency call and had to leave everything behind. "The nice employees at Walmart told us that it was a lady behind us in line," Station 2 Engineer Jeffery Jones said. "But we never did actually get to meet her and tell her, thank you." The groceries were already purchased and waiting for them when they returned after the call, and they said that means a lot to them -- especially when they spend every moment of the day getting ready for the next emergency. "Making sure our gear is ready, making sure the truck is completely in service," Jones said. Want more ABC11 Together stories? Get the ABC11 News App When asked how big of a difference can a few minutes make when it comes to their response time, firefighter Andrew Baker said. "It can sometimes mean life and death." By the time they get the call, to the time they're on the road, the station strives to spend no more than 90 seconds to get going. "It's important to us," Baker said. "We take a lot of pride in trying to get out." Now they want the mystery shopper to know she's always welcomed at Station 2. "We would like to tell her thank you from the bottom of our hearts," Jones said. "It makes me feel like there are still good people in the world," Baker said. "You don't get that every day, so to me it gives you a warm feeling inside to know that people really do care about you." Report a Typo Related Topics: newsabc11 togetherwake county newsgood samaritangood newsfeel goodfirefightersApex Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WTVD-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. ABC11 TOGETHER Wish granted! Cancer patient attends Duke vs. UNC game Durham third-graders learning critical-thinking skills Heritage Film Festival celebrates Black History Month Seeing red? Here's why More abc11 together NEWS What's Next in the Legal Battle Over Trump's Immigration Plan Man arrested in sexual battery of 3 N.C. State students Honoring positive legacy of Chapel Hill murder victims RDU-bound plane returns to Boston airport after pilot smells smoke Dylann Roof's Lawyers Look to Have Death Penalty Tossed More News Top Stories Honoring positive legacy of Chapel Hill murder victims Service energizes supporters ahead of Moral March Man arrested in sexual battery of 3 N.C. State students Girl, 4, fatally struck after falling out of mom's SUV Wake school bus driver quits after close call with train RDU-bound plane returns to Boston airport after pilot smells smoke Wake sheriff won't support ending concealed-carry permits Show More Woman killed in crash with school bus in western NC Man killed in Fayetteville shooting NC contractor accused of not completing paid jobs NC State Highway Patrol has a new commander Moore County Sheriff's Office gets new drone More News Top Video Service energizes supporters ahead of Moral March Honoring positive legacy of Chapel Hill murder victims Child porn suspect: 'Not like I was murdering someone' Wake sheriff won't support ending concealed-carry permits More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories Video Photos U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Report your weather with the ABC11 First Alert Weather app! Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Hearing delayed in Walmart double homicide case Print Email Oona Goodin-Smith | ogoodins@mlive.com By Oona Goodin-Smith | ogoodins@mlive.com The Flint Journal Email the author | Follow on Twitter on February 07, 2017 at 6:30 PM comments CORUNNA, MI -- Court proceedings are delayed for the three suspects in a double homicide that occurred near an Owosso-area Walmart. The probable cause hearing scheduled for Wednesday, Feb. 8, in Shiawassee District Court has been adjourned until Tuesday, Feb. 14, to allow time for case reports to come in, court officials say. Craigslist drug deal led to shooting deaths in Walmart double homicide Anthony Holloway, Otis Smith and Erin Mongar -- all from Grand Rapids -- form the trio accused of killing two Flint men who were found dead around 5 p.m. Jan. 27, in an SUV in the parking lot of the Caledonia Township Walmart. Police say the victims -- Joseph Michael Carson, 31, and Anthony Lee Hammond, 39, both of Flint -- set up a transaction through Craigslist to sell an undisclosed amount of marijuana when they were robbed and shot to death. All three suspects in the case are being held in Shiawassee County Jail without bond and face the following charges: Two counts of felony murder Two counts of armed robbery One count of conspiracy to commit arm robbery One count of felony firearm. All three face the potential of life in prison without parole. New details in Walmart double homicide explained Michigan's Best 'They deserve it' - community rallies around Michigan's Best Bowling Alley Michigan's Best Bowling Alley: Top 10 revealed Michigan's Best bowling alley is in Fowler: E-Lanes Guide to all Michigan's Best searches Complete coverage » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Retailers, trade groups fight Trump's border tax proposal The Associated Press | Saturday, Feb. 4, 2017, 9:00 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — More than 100 retailers, including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations, are launching a coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, a measure they believe would harm their businesses. The National Retail Federation, along with the American International Automobile Dealers Association, the National Grocers Association and others are joining forces to form Americans for Affordable Products, which will run a campaign to educate consumers and show lawmakers that the so-called Border Adjusted Tax plan would push prices up to 20 percent higher for everyday items including clothing, food and gas. The diversified group, which includes Nike, Best Buy, luxury conglomerate LVMH and Dollar General, is trying to make their opposition heard even while Congress and the president try to sort out exactly what adjustments to put forth. Congressional Republicans want to eliminate tax incentives that encourage companies to move overseas, sharply cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, and encourage more factory output at home. But opponents say the plan would have a harmful rippling effect, causing companies to even lay off workers. The proposal — spearheaded by House GOP Speaker Paul Ryan and Texas Rep. Kevin Brady, the top Republican on the House tax-writing committee — would constitute the most sweeping reforms to corporate taxes in at least three decades. Trump has dismissed the cornerstone of the House GOP plan as “too complicated” and has been touting a 35 percent levy on imports. Yet his spokesman appeared to put the tax back in play last week by proposing a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico and “other countries we have a trade deficit with” to pay for a border wall. “There's a rush to get this done in Congress. We want to make sure our voices are heard,” said David French, chief lobbyist for the National Retail Federation, which has been dispatching members to meet with lawmakers and members of the new administration. Details of the consumer campaign are being worked out, according to a spokeswoman at the retail trade group. A lot is at stake. Nearly all such items that U.S. shoppers buy are either wholly or partly produced overseas as companies have sought the cheapest way to make goods. And with online competition and shoppers trained to find the best deals, U.S. retailers haven't had the power to raise prices on many goods for several years. “I'm losing sleep. I am scared out of my mind,” said Rick Woldenberg, CEO of Learning Resources, which has signed on to the coalition. The family-owned company, based in Vernon Hills, Ill., makes educational toys and employs 150 people. He estimates that under the GOP plan, his federal tax rate would soar to 165 percent from 39.6 percent, he would have to raise prices by 10 to 15 percent to stay viable, and he would have to lay off employees. Retail industry leaders “describe it as an existential threat,” said Stephen Lamar, executive vice president at the American Apparel & Footwear Association, another member of the coalition. “When they crunch the numbers, it really affects things like solvency and profits.” Lamar said companies would likely have to pass along higher prices to shoppers, who wouldn't tolerate it. Companies say they also would have to try to squeeze suppliers for more savings and fear they might even have to lay off workers or close stores. George Feldenkreis, CEO of Perry Ellis International, estimates that he would have to raise prices on his clothing anywhere from 20 to 25 percent if the border tax went into effect. Shirts currently range in price from $14.99 to $49.99. “People who are thinking about it don't know the consequences,” Feldenkreis said. He added that the company would also have to lay off workers. “It's not just a retail implication,” said Jack Kleinhenz, chief economist at the National Retail Federation. “We know it's going to impact Main Street in many ways. It could be autos, manufacturing.” The proposal would essentially tax corporations based on where their products and services are consumed, rather than on their incomes. In that way, it would be similar to a sales tax. House GOP supporters such as Ryan and Brady say that would eliminate the incentives for corporations to use complex schemes to shift their incomes to lower-tax jurisdictions. To ensure the tax is focused on U.S. sales only, it would exclude a company's export sales. But the cost of imported goods would be taxed. The tax could raise as much as $1.2 trillion in revenue over the next decade, which would help pay for the steep tax cuts included in the House GOP plan. Proponents say if the plan is enacted, the dollar will increase in value by as much as 25 percent, resulting in cheaper imports and offsetting the impact. But many economists and industry executives worry the dollar wouldn't adjust, or certainly not fast enough. And Lamar said a shirt label saying “Made in China” doesn't tell the whole story. Seventy percent of the value of the garment supports U.S. jobs in areas such as design and logistics, he said. Other groups also oppose the border-adjusted tax, including Americans for Prosperity, a conservative organization backed by billionaires Charles and David Koch, who typically donate generously to Republican campaigns. The tax would likely encourage companies to produce more in the United States, or buy more of their parts and components in America. Some companies say they could make those changes to avoid raising prices too much. Robert Sands, the CEO of Constellation Brands, said on a recent conference call that the company could purchase more natural gas from the United States, rather than Mexico, which it uses to make glass bottles for the Corona and Modelo beer it imports. “It's those kinds of things that we are looking at, planning on, if this comes to pass,” Sands said. “We don't expect consumer demand for our product to be affected.” Woldenberg, though, whose company makes 98 percent of its products overseas, said shifting his manufacturing to the country isn't an option. In the past three years, he said he tried twice to find some U.S. molders interested in making its products here, but it wasn't financially feasible. He also doesn't believe that changes in foreign exchange rates will offset the costs of the plan for retailers. And even if it did, he says relief wouldn't come right away. “I am not going to play the currency markets to run this business,” he said. “I want to make toys. I am not a forex trader.” More Business Whole Foods a victim of its success Stock indexes extend climb into record heights Big Sears cuts announced; shares soar Make less than $54K? The Earned Income Tax Credit may be for you Coal industry's comeback may not have legs TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Third-grader dies from flu in Washington County Steelers' Villanueva's reunion with interpreter to be featured on ESPN Ford to invest $1B in Pittsburgh firm to develop self-driving cars Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Bigotry is poison, Penguins and a funeral home comfort dog (Jan. 30 - Feb. 5) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Crimesider/ MISSING MANHUNT COLD CASES PHOTOS 48 HOURS By Crimesider Staff CBS/AP February 7, 2017, 3:28 PM Prosecutors: Pair bought ammo while on the run in deadly crime spree William “Billy” Boyette, left, and Mary Rice Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email PENSACOLA, Fla. -- Authorities in Alabama issued capital murder warrants Tuesday as the search continued across two states for a man and woman wanted in the deaths of three women and the attempted killing of another. In Pensacola, Florida, Sheriff David Morgan doubled the number of deputies on patrol as the hunt for William “Billy” Boyette, 44, and Mary Rice, 37, entered its second week. Boyette and Rice are suspected in the deaths of Alicia Greer, 30, and Jacqueline Jeanette Moore, 39, whose bodies were found at the Emerald Sands Inn in nearby Milton, Florida, on Jan. 31. Investigators say the two suspects then drove across the state line and fatally shot Peggy Broz, 52, in Lillian, Alabama, on Friday, also taking Broz’s car. Florida state prosecutors told CBS affiliate WKRG the pair purchased ammunition during a trip to a Crestview, Florida, Walmart store Thursday, after the slayings in Milton but before Broz’s fatal shooting in Alabama. Investigators released a surveillance image of Rice inside the Walmart. Mary Rice captured on surveillance cameras at a Crestview, Fla. Walmart store, Feb. 2, 2017 WKRG The two also are accused of shooting and critically wounding Kayla Crocker, 28, on Monday, said Escambia County Sheriff’s Chief Deputy Chip Simmons. He warned residents in the Florida Panhandle county to be on the lookout for Boyette and Rice. “In short we have a killer, he is in our midst. Everyone, and I mean everyone, should be aware of this, should be aware of what they look like,” Simmons said Monday afternoon. Agencies across the Panhandle and southern Alabama earlier had been told to consider Rice a person of interest in the attacks. On Monday she was upgraded to an official suspect. Authorities said she had multiple chances to flee or ask for help. She also has been spotted on surveillance video entering stores on her own. In Alabama, sheriff’s investigators named the two in the capital murder warrants and said in a news release that Rice was with Boyette when Broz was shot and killed during the early morning hours of Feb. 3. They also warned that the two should be considered dangerous and advised anyone who might see them to call 911. Just in: Please take a close look at both of these photos. We just received these recent pictures of William Boyette and...Posted by Escambia County Sheriff's Office on Monday, February 6, 2017 In Florida, Crocker’s mother went to check on her after she didn’t show up for work Monday morning. She found Crocker with a gunshot wound. Her 2-year-old son was not injured, sheriff’s officials said. Crocker’s white Chevrolet Cobalt was stolen and the sheriff told news outlets that video surveillance confirmed Boyette and Rice took the car to a nearby Shell station and ate at a Hardee’s restaurant a short time after the attack. Morgan said Boyette has a history of drug trafficking and is known to be a heavy user of the drug Spice. He said his agency has been “chasing a lot of shadows and a lot of rumors” in the search and warned residents to stay alert. “When you go to work, when you come home, make sure a friend or family member knows where you are,” Morgan said. He added that while the measures may seem extreme, “we’re dealing with an extreme situation here.” © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Crimesider Girl Scout cookie stand robbed at gunpoint; cops donate California police officers donated to cover the lost money after a Girl Scout had her proceeds stolen outside a grocery store Mom of "Baby Doe" pleads guilty to accessory charge 2-year-old Bella Bond was found dead on a Boston Harbor island in 2015 -- her identity was unknown for months Popular Follow Us icon icon icon Read Story Missing Ohio State student found shot dead in park Previous Next Read Story Trial begins for man accused of tossing infant from bridge Read Story Arrests in case of man seen dead on police reality show Previous Next Read Story Ex arrested in NYC correction officer's shooting death Previous Next Read Story Suspects in Chicago live-streamed attack enter pleas Previous Next Read Story Affidavit: Woman "willing participant" in killing spree Previous Next CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round Energy In-depth: Wind power now largest renewable energy source, coal poised for small rebound Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers Professor: All politics is now national, leading to ‘confrontational politics’ Arkansas Press Association chief says Senate bill, other legislation looks to water down state FOIA rules DHS drafting plan to save costs, reduce disability waiting list Senate committee OK’s bill to allow gas utilities to recoup investment costs earlier Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion Fort Smith Homebuilders group announces job training program with Fort Smith Public Schools Four state business leaders to be enshrined in the Arkansas Business Hall of Fame Video / Podcasts Rep. Crawford contends Southerner as Ag Secretary will help Arkansas, offers glimpse of Obamacare unwind AG Rutledge: State, federal medical marijuana contradictions depend on federal prosecutors Simmons Bank CEO discusses growth environment, says Dodd-Frank could be altered not repealed Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Suppliers, retailers react as categories gravitate online The Supply Side: Wal-Mart to host suppliers for two-day growth summit Coach Bielema and his borderline neurotic year The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Black leaders making a difference in business, their communities Opinion by Frank D. Scott, Jr. (FDScottJr@gmail.com) 4 days ago 243 views  Tags: Black History Month Frank Scott Jr. 0 SHARES Share Tweet As we celebrate Black History Month, I’m reminded of the role black business leaders played in the Civil Rights Movement. Many may not know about the black lawyers, doctors, entrepreneurs, and more who helped push the Movement forward. These leaders showed that business is not just about the bottom line. It can also help advance entire communities. With that in mind, I wanted to share a bit about a few of Arkansas’ business leaders who have exhibited the impact business can have on communities. Some of these individuals you may know, while others you may not. John H. Johnson founded Johnson Publishing in 1942, after discovering that the black community had a desire for news about the community that went beyond crime. The Arkansas City native took this knowledge to publish his first magazine, Negro Digest. He went on to publish Ebony Magazine, the largest black-owned media publication in the country, and then launched Jet Magazine. During the Civil Rights Movement, Ebony became a critical source of information as Ebony writers covered church meetings and the magazine published contributions from Martin Luther King, Walter White, and Langston Hughes, among several other influential voices in the Civil Rights Movement. Jet Magazine published the photo of Emmett Till that helped make his murder national news. The photo garnered so much attention that Jet had to reprint its publication for the first time. For his contributions, Mr. Johnson earned the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1996. Rosalind Brewer is the former CEO of Sam’s Club where she led the company for five years before stepping down in January. Prior to leading Sam’s Club, Brewer joined Wal-Mart as a vice president and rose through the ranks to become executive vice president of Wal-Mart’s East business unit. Brewer has helped push for diversity in corporate America and has served as a role model for women of color who aspire to lead some of the largest companies in the world. Brewer continues to take leadership roles. She has been nominated to join the board of directors at Starbucks with shareholders slated to vote on her nomination. If elected to the board, she would join another black woman on Starbuck’s board, Mellody Hobson, president of Ariel Investments, the first African-American owned money management firm with publicly traded mutual funds in the United States. Charles Phillips is CEO of Infor, the third largest enterprise application company in the world, and has built a reputation as an innovative leader and a top dealmaker in the technology industry. The Little Rock native and Arkansas Black Hall of Fame member graduated from the Air Force Academy, holds a law degree from New York University School of Law, and has a master’s degree in business administration from Hampton University. After serving as a Captain in the U.S. Marine Corps, Phillips began building his reputation on Wall Street, rising to become one of the top managing directors at Morgan Stanley. Larry Ellison, former Oracle CEO, recruited Phillips to join the company as president where he oversaw the Oracle’s tripling in size through 70 acquisitions over seven years. He became CEO of Infor in 2010, and has built the privately-held company into one of Oracle’s biggest competitors with well over $2 billion dollars of revenue just in 2016. As a leader in the community, Phillips has provided financial aid to single parents, disadvantaged students interested in engineering, and wounded veterans through the Karen and Charles Phillips Foundation. Gerald Alley founded Con-Real in 1979, one of the leading construction and real estate firms in the Southwest and Southeast, with clients including Hilton, Homewood Suites, Home Depot, Wal-Mart, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, and Kroger. The Pine Bluff native and Arkansas Black Hall of Fame member studied finance at the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville and earned a master’s degree in business administration from Southern Methodist University. He has been impactful in the Pine Bluff community and serves on many boards in Texas. Beyond Con-Real, Alley began a number of other companies, including The Alley Group, a project management services firm in San Francisco, and Bravado, a real estate and hospitality firm in Arlington, Texas. Further, the Gerald and Candace Alley Foundation supports disadvantaged youth through the creation of educational opportunities. These black leaders epitomize how success in business can serve as a platform to positively impact our communities. Business has a real impact on communities and Black History Month is a great opportunity for us to highlight that. Editor’s note: Frank Scott, Jr. is a banker, former Arkansas Highway Commissioner and a board member of the Little Rock Port Authority. Opinions, commentary and other essays posted in this space are wholly the view of the author(s). Comments comments Previous post Bentonville's 8th Street Market to officially open in June with BITE food festival Next post Gaining Traction: Five startup industries to watch in 2017 Newsletter Sign up to get latest from TB&P in your inbox! Talk Business & Politics Newsletter Sign Up Subscribe Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Nate Steel It’s time to end Dodd-Frank’s hit on community banks Barbara Taylor How to find a silver lining in a tarnished industry Tim Leathers Task force could help overhaul Arkansas’ tax code Boyd Evert A New Year’s resolution for Walmart Tusk to Tail Coach Bielema and his borderline neurotic year Latest Popular Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers 11 hours ago Professor: All politics is now national, leading to ‘confrontational politics’ 12 hours ago Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round 14 hours ago Energy In-depth: Wind power now largest renewable energy source, coal poised for small rebound 20 hours ago Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion 1 day ago Fayetteville restaurant Stone Mill to open second location in Bentonville 1,684 views Report: Aldi is the ‘clear price leader’ compared to Wal-Mart 1,197 views The Supply Side: Wal-Mart to host suppliers for two-day growth summit 1,175 views Gaining Traction: Five startup industries to watch in 2017 1,114 views Fort Smith Board of Directors places RITA on notice, terminates River Valley Sports Complex 966 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Sat, Feb 11, 2017 Keyword           News Local News from NewsRadio WGNS CBS National News CBS News MoneyWatch CBS World News Headlines CBS Tech - Science News CBS Entertainment News CBS Health News Obituaries WGNS History Weather Sports MTSU Sports Blue Raider Insider Report with Chip Walters Salutes Good Neighbor of the Day Educator of the Month Demos' Emergency Responder of the Week St. Thomas Heart for Healing Toot's Salutes Local Volunteers Schedule Event Calendar Swap N' Shop WGNS Advertising WGNS History Past Christmas Parades Contact Listen Live Local Info Obituaries (Listen Now) WGNS History Christmas Parade Pictures Support Local Art Churches Local Officials Links On Demand Action Line Truman Show Rutherford Issues Financial Coaching Radio All Sports Talk High School Games MTSU Games High School Coaches Show MTSU Coaches Shows Rutherford Home Show The PI Program with Ed Raymer Uptown Talk with Thom Christy Subject accused of jumping into the bed of a pickup truck while demanding a ride Published: February 7, 2017   Email   Print Jason Griffy charged with public intoxication One of two men who were believed to have jumped into the back of a truck at Thornton's gas station on Old Fort Parkway has been arrested for public intoxication. According to an 18-year-old who pulled his truck into the gas station, two men jumped into his truck bed at around 6:00 Monday night. The two men then demanded the teen drive them to Walmart on Old Fort Parkway as one of the two men pulled out a gun, according to a police report. After the victim drove to Walmart, the men jumped out of the truck bed and allegedly tried to open his door. However, the teenager locked the door before they could gain access. Minutes after the event was reported, police located a subject walking out of the KFC on Old Fort Parkway at Chaffin Place who appeared to be intoxicated. The subject matched the description of one of the two men who jumped into the truck bed. When officers asked the man where he had recently visited, Jason Griffy told police he had been to Thornton's and "hitched a ride" with someone. He also told police that he had visited Walmart. While at KFC, the manager of the restaurant told police that Griffy was in the way of people trying to get their food. The manager also suggested that the suspect was argumentative. Griffy, who is 33 years old, was placed under arrest and charged with public intoxication. The 18 year old victim told police that he thought he was going to get shot and the subjects were planning to steal his truck. Murfreesboro Detectives were notified about the possible attempted aggravated robbery case, but charges for the reported attempt have not yet been filed. Authorities are still trying to verify who the second subject was who jumped into the bed of the truck. Source: MPD Incident 17-2821 Related Articles Riverdale's Anastasia Hayes Miss Basketball Finalist Riverdale's Anastasia Hayes Miss Basketball Finalist Obituaries (Listen online) Attack Barcadium From Mars Theater Opens This Weekend Murfreesboro man to be sentenced for murder of Lascassas resident this month Rodeo in Murfreesboro on March 3rd and 4th Barnabas Vision and the "Adopt-A-Grandparent" program in Rutherford County Madelyn Scales Harris Named Vice Mayor Toot's Sells over 32K Big Game Chicken Wings Vandals strike the CVS Pharmacy in Murfreesboro Read more from: News Tags: Jason Griffy, KFC, Murfreesboro, Murfreesboro news, Old Fort Parkway        Email   Print WGNS Weather Eye Forecast Murfreesboro, TN weather ADVERTISEMENT Tweets by @WGNSRadio ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Rutherford County News Since 1947 eNews and Updates Have Local News Delivered To Your Inbox Subscribe to our RSS Feed State Farm Prep Basketball Monday, August 8, 2016 10:03 am Feb. 15-21 District 7-AAA Tournament from Blackman High School Coaches Corner Saturday, August 13, 2016 6:32 am BOYS BASKETBALL COACHES RIVERDALE - 8:05am SMYRNA - 8:25am BLACKMAN - 8:40am LA VERGNE - 8:55am OAKLAND - 9:10am STEWARTS CREEK - 9:25am SIEGEL - 9:40am EAGLEVILLE - 9:55am MTCS Cougar Corner presented by Hall Bowling Automotive 10:10am Chip Walters has men's basketball games while Dick Palmer brings you Lady Raider action here on your True Blue station, NewsRadio WGNS.   On Air News Register Now Login Search Your Opinion Administration Copyright Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Service Sales Links Contact Us    WGNS Radio - Serving Murfreesboro and Rutherford County, TN Since 1947 Copyright © 2013 by Murfreesboro News and Radio Powered by Bondware News Publishing Software The browser you are using is outdated! You may not be getting all you can out of your browsing experience and may be open to security risks! Consider upgrading to the latest version of your browser or choose on below: Mozilla Firefox Google Chrome Ok X Log In to Murfreesboro News and Radio Welcome to the site. Please login. Username/Email: Password: Login Not a Member? Click here to register! Forgot your username or password? Click Here
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round Energy In-depth: Wind power now largest renewable energy source, coal poised for small rebound Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers Professor: All politics is now national, leading to ‘confrontational politics’ Arkansas Press Association chief says Senate bill, other legislation looks to water down state FOIA rules DHS drafting plan to save costs, reduce disability waiting list Senate committee OK’s bill to allow gas utilities to recoup investment costs earlier Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion Fort Smith Homebuilders group announces job training program with Fort Smith Public Schools Four state business leaders to be enshrined in the Arkansas Business Hall of Fame Video / Podcasts Rep. Crawford contends Southerner as Ag Secretary will help Arkansas, offers glimpse of Obamacare unwind AG Rutledge: State, federal medical marijuana contradictions depend on federal prosecutors Simmons Bank CEO discusses growth environment, says Dodd-Frank could be altered not repealed Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Suppliers, retailers react as categories gravitate online The Supply Side: Wal-Mart to host suppliers for two-day growth summit Coach Bielema and his borderline neurotic year The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Bentonville’s 8th Street Market to officially open in June with BITE food festival BusinessNorthwest ArkansasTourism by Talk Business & Politics staff (staff2@talkbusiness.net) 4 days ago 79 views  0 SHARES Share Tweet BITE NW Arkansas, a two-day food festival now in its third year, has been relocated to the 8th Street Market in Bentonville, and the event will serve as the official opening of the new culinary spot, according to BITE. Part of the annual festivities of the LPGA Tour’s Walmart NW Arkansas Championship at Pinnacle Country Club, the BITE food festival is scheduled for June 22 and 23, with tastings from area restaurants and brands represented the first night and Beer & Burger Fest the second. 8th Street Market stretches about 10 acres along 8th Street in the city’s downtown Market District. Also home to Brightwater:  A Center for the Study of Food, a program of NorthWest Arkansas Community College, the market is intended ultimately to “showcase culinary education, music and the arts, new restaurant and hospitality venues and other specialized food and drink concepts,” according to the BITE press release. “8th Street Market will bring a truly unique culinary experience to Northwest Arkansas. We could not be more excited to be their inaugural signature event and to partner with them in building upon the momentum of BITE NW Arkansas,” Harry Hardy, event director, said in the release. “The unique qualities that 8th Street Market will bring as an event venue will enable us to grow attendance and enhance experiences for our restaurant and brewery partners, sponsors and guests.” The two previous BITE events took place at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion in Rogers. Brightwater Executive Director Glenn Mack said in the release, “Given all the culinary and hospitality growth throughout Northwest Arkansas and in Bentonville specifically, I think BITE NW Arkansas is a great way to help introduce 8th Street Market and Brightwater to the residents of the region.” Bentonville-based Bike Rack Brewery has also announced that it will open a second location in an 8,000 square-foot facility at 8th Street Market. “We are ecstatic that BITE NW Arkansas is moving to 8th Street Market and that our brewery will have the chance to help grow the impact of the event,” Jeff Charlson, CEO and partner at Bike Rack, said in the release. Tickets for BITE NW Arkansas, starting at $30, go on sale March 1, along with tickets to the Walmart NW Arkansas Championship. The 2017 Walmart NW Arkansas Championship is sponsored by Procter & Gamble. Comments comments Previous post $250,000 gift to build butterfly garden at Arkansas Children’s Northwest Next post Black leaders making a difference in business, their communities Newsletter Sign up to get latest from TB&P in your inbox! Talk Business & Politics Newsletter Sign Up Subscribe Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Nate Steel It’s time to end Dodd-Frank’s hit on community banks Frank D. Scott, Jr. Black leaders making a difference in business, their communities Barbara Taylor How to find a silver lining in a tarnished industry Tim Leathers Task force could help overhaul Arkansas’ tax code Boyd Evert A New Year’s resolution for Walmart Latest Popular Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers 11 hours ago Professor: All politics is now national, leading to ‘confrontational politics’ 12 hours ago Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round 14 hours ago Energy In-depth: Wind power now largest renewable energy source, coal poised for small rebound 20 hours ago Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion 1 day ago Fayetteville restaurant Stone Mill to open second location in Bentonville 1,684 views Report: Aldi is the ‘clear price leader’ compared to Wal-Mart 1,197 views The Supply Side: Wal-Mart to host suppliers for two-day growth summit 1,175 views Gaining Traction: Five startup industries to watch in 2017 1,114 views Fort Smith Board of Directors places RITA on notice, terminates River Valley Sports Complex 966 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
SB Nation Login Sign Up Royals Review, a Kansas City Royals community Home Fanposts Fanshots Sections Royals Minor Leagues & Prospects Royals Trade Rumors & Hot Stove Royals Review Users Guide The 100 Greatest Royals Of All Time Royals Review Classic Full Archive Royals Stories Schedule Roster Stats Yahoo Royals News Yahoo Royals Team Page Yahoo Royals Report Yahoo Royals Depth Chart Yahoo Royals Transactions Yahoo Royals Photos StubHub Odds Shop About Masthead Community Guidelines More NFL NBA MLB NHL CFB Recruiting CBB UFC Soccer NASCAR Fantasy Golf Shop StubHub Radio Tennis Cycling Boxing Horse Racing Podcasts Local Running Wrestling Outsports Video Odds More SB Nation All 320 blogs   🔎Search Search  Fanshots Fanposts FanPost Buddy Biancalana By rockymagana on Feb 7, 2017, 12:40pm EST + Tweet Share  Tweet Share on Twitter Share Share on Facebook Pin Pinterest + Comments ⋆ Rec Recommend this Post 1 It was late November, I was six years old and weird– the sort of kid whose either bouncing off the walls or living inside of his own head. I walked through the old Wal-Mart in Olathe with my father and older brother Nick. We were looking for a Luke Skywalker action figure to go with our new Rancor playset. We walked past the tires in the automotive section and a thought suddenly struck me– I don't know who my father's favorite baseball player. It seemed like the sort of thing every kid should know– even Smalls from The Sandlot knew his stepdads favorite player. So I asked, "Dad who's your favorite baseball player?" He obviously gave me the most predictable answer a Kansas City kid could ever get, "George Brett," he said, and then quickly went back to talking to my brother about more important things, like Darth Vader being Luke's father or whatever (#SpoilerAlert) Of course his favorite player was George Brett. Old number 5 is almost everyones favorite player. He's our cities crude and sometimes drunken messiah who we love despite his social missteps–sometimes because of his social missteps. I didn't really want to ask my brother who his favorite player was– I mean I already knew the answer. It was Danny Tartabull. Nick had 29 of his of his baseball cards and never shut up about him. But it felt rude not to ask him since I already asked my dad, so I asked anyway, albiet a little rhetorically, "Hey Nick who's your favorite player? Danny Tartabull? Cool." "Yeah, Danny Tartabull," he said. Now came the moment I had secretly been waiting for all along. In my own kidlike way, I had been trying to social engineer the situation in order to make them ask me the same question. Maybe it was because they were talking about Star Wars and I didn't really understand what they were talking about, or maybe it was because baseball was all I cared about back then (well baseball and Teddy Ruxpin.) I wanted them to know who my favorite player was, but I didn't just want to come out and say it. I needed them to ask me. I wanted them to want to know who my favorite player was. I waited. And waited. My brother asked my dad something about Emporer Palpatine that still doesn't make any sense to me. My dad said something back that I didn't understand. I waited some more. Still nothing. Finally I got tired of waiting and said, "Do you want to know who my favorite player is?" I'm sure I sounded like a drunk significant other who was desperate for attention when I said it, but I didn't care anymore. To hell with social engineering. I wanted them to want to know. I think my dad realized he'd been neglecting me, beecause he suddenly stopped talking to my brother and looked down at me like he actually cared about what I just said and asked, "Okay, who is your favorite player?" This is the moment I'd been waiting for my entire life– well at least the whole day for. I was beaming ear to ear. Two words came out of my mouth. "Buddy Biancalana." It took every ounce of fatherly love my dad had in his 6'2 frame not to burst into laughter whe he heard my answer. My brother on the other hand was not so kind. "Buddy Biancalana," exclaimed Nick, "he stinks." I honestly didn't know anything about Buddy Biancalana, or the fact that he lived below the Mendoza line at the time when I said this. "No he doesn't, he's my favorite, I don't care what you say." My dad smiled. Maybe it was because of the innocence of the situation. Maybe it was because he realized for the first time what a grade A doofus his second born son was. But my dad's a kind man and he wasn't about to crush me there in the store in front of my brother and the fake christmas trees and everyone else. "Why is he your favorite baseball player?" He asked. Now when I look back on this moment and think about it hard enough, it all came down to one reason. He was my favorite player because I liked his name and it was fun to say. Buddy Biancalana. I mean seriously– say his name and try not to smile. Heck, I'm pretty sure if you go in the bathroom, turn the lights off, look in the mirror, and say his name three times fast, he'll burst through the glass riding shirtless and bareback on an effing unicorn like Vladamir Putin, farting stardust and pooping glitter covered baseballs. His name was Buddy. A buddy is your friend. It felt like he was my pal. Like we were on the same team. It wasn't until later that I realized that buddy was only a nickname and that his real name is Roland Americo Biancalana. I mean Roland is a fine name and all, but I'm not sure that if as a child, if I would have seen a card that said Roland Biancalana on it, that it would have invoked in me the same sense of wonder that a guy named Buddy did. I'm an adult now, and we live in an age of statistics, but the name Buddy hasn't lost any of its shine for me. Speaking of stats, his were ugly. I mean really ugly. In 550 at-bats he had a career .205 avg. A .261 OBP. And a 28.5% strikeout rate. Now if I wanted to be a real homer, I'd point out that by Dayton Moore's standard, Buddy never got a fair shake. It takes 1500 at-bats to know what a player will be in the big leagues, and Biancalana only got 1/3 of this. If he was given more time would he have suddenly morphed into a 10 ft. tall mix of Bo Jackson and a Wampa? I guess we'll never know. I've had a lot of players that I really liked over the years– George Brett, Bo Jackson, Ricky Henderson, Albert Belle, Frank Thomas, Gordo, Bob The Hammer Hamelin, Salvy, Pudge Rodriguez, Benny The Jet, Miguel Olivo– the list could go on forever, but nobody has ever made me feel the same way as I did when I was a little kid sitting in my room, looking at his 1987 Topps Baseball card. When I was 13, the players went on strike and Nick stopped watching baseball. When I was 14 my parents got divorced. When I was 18 my house burned down and I lost every baseball card I ever owned, including my Buddy Biancalana. That card was worth more to me than a T206 Wagner card (okay maybe not that much.) I haven't ever replaced it, and I don't know if I ever will. The sense of wonder I felt as a kid doesn't reside in that card, it laid in the innocence of childhood. It was the fact that I had dad who loved me enough to take me to the store to find a Luke Skywalker toy. It was that my older brother took the time to teach me what ERA, SO, BB, AVG, SB, H, and HR, meant on the back of a baseball card. We live in a cynacle world where people assume negative intent on almost everything that comes out of your mouth, so I think it's important that we remember who our childhood heros were and accept the fact that they will never be the people we built them up to be in our minds– and that's okay, because no matter what, they taught us how to love something beyond ourselves. Life is hard, and you never know who is struggling just to stay above the Mendoza line. Be good to each other, beause everyone needs at least one fan. So here's to you Buddy Biancalana, you're my ride or die favorite player no matter what. Note: I didn't realize until I sat down to write this, that Buddy Biancalana had already been traded to the Houston Astros by the time he became my favorite player. #DoesntChangeAThing This FanPost was written by a member of the Royals Review community. It does not necessarily reflect the views of the editors and writers of this site. More from Royals Review Hammel “ready to get weird” with Royals Royals Rumblings - News for February 10, 2017 Rob Manfred sure is full of a bunch of stupid ideas Royals Rumblings - News for February 9, 2017 Royals trade Alec Mills to the Cubs for Donnie Dewees So did Danny Duffy take Eric Hosmer’s money? PECOTA projects the Royals for just 69 wins SB Nation Featured Video  Tweet Share on Twitter Share Share on Facebook Pin Pinterest + Comments ⋆ Rec Recommend this Post 1 Recent FanPosts Mike Illitch is Dead Giant otter Buddy Biancalana Hosmer to re-up with K.C.? Cheslor Cuthbert February Moves Royals Top Prospects Royals Fan Fest 2017: A Gross(est) Report The Russell Carleton Challenge My Memories of Yordano "Ace" Ventura Team Shop Yordano Ventura Kansas City Royals Majestic Official Name & Number T-Shirt - Royal $27.99 Buy Now navigateright Bo Jackson Kansas City Royals Mitchell & Ness 1989 Authentic Cooperstown Collection Batting Mesh Practice Jersey - Royal $79.99 Buy Now navigateright Kansas City Royals New Era 2017 Spring Training Diamond Era 59FIFTY Fitted Hat - Royal $37.99 Buy Now navigateright Trending Discussions Royals Rumblings - News for February 6, 2017 Royals Rumblings - News for February 10, 2017 Royals Rumblings - News for February 8, 2017 Royals sign Jason Hammel to two-year deal Royals Rumblings - News for February 9, 2017 Jason Hammel is a poor man’s Ian Kennedy PECOTA projects the Royals for just 69 wins Royals Rumblings - News for February 7, 2017 Royals trade Alec Mills to the Cubs for Donnie Dewees Rob Manfred sure is full of a bunch of stupid ideas Royals Review FanPosts FanShots Masthead Guidelines Facebook Twitter YouTube Subscribe Browse Blogs About SBN Company Blog Have a News Tip? Contact Us Blog Openings Guiding Principles Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Sports data © 2017 All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Advertise With Us Jobs @ Vox Media Back to Top ↑ royals review
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Gaming Tech Forget the Switch: Nintendo still can’t stock 3DS, 3DS XL, and NES Classic New, 63 comments Look, I just want to play some Fire Emblem by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Feb 7, 2017, 9:00am EST share tweet Linkedin The New Nintendo 3DS XL launched in North America in February 2015. The regular-sized New Nintendo 3DS hit US shores a few months later in September of the same year. And yet, while you can go into any Best Buy or Walmart on the planet and pick up an Xbox One S or PlayStation 4 Pro — despite being much newer consoles — you’re unlikely to spot a single Nintendo 3DS handheld. Nintendo has said publicly that its latest smartphone games are meant to attract gamers to the rich, more expensive experiences on their own hardware. But how’s that plan supposed to work if the gadgets are perpetually out of stock? I’m experiencing this headache firsthand. You see, I'm a lapsed Fire Emblem fan. But this weekend, after playing through the recently released Fire Emblem Heroes on my phone, I was hungry for a more serious Fire Emblem hit. I'd heard great things about the recent Awakening and Fates entries on the 3DS. I figured I’d buy a New 3DS and see how the series has progressed since the good old Game Boy Advance days. From Nintendo's perspective, I was more or less a perfect marketing response to their free-to-play title. It's not physically possible to buy a New 3DS today One problem: it's not physically possible to buy a New 3DS. This isn't hyperbole or exaggeration. It's just simply not possible to get a New 3DS, either in the more common XL size or the mythical regular version without turning to the grey market. Online, Amazon and Walmart defer to expensive third-party sellers. Toys R Us’ links forward you to a 2DS instead. Best Buy lists several models of the New 3DS XL, but has them listed as "Store Pickup." Checking availability on any model will inform you that the handhelds are sold out within a 250-mile radius of New York City. Target has New 3DS XL models listed, but it's out of stock online and in stores, too. B&H notes that it's temporarily sold out of New 3DS XLs and expects to have more back in stock in March or April, depending on the color you prefer. GameStop doesn't have any new New 3DS XL models in stock, but will happily sell you a preowned one, while Nintendo's own online store only offers refurbished units. And while a new, limited edition Pikachu model is planned to go on sale February 24th, preorders for those seem to have already sold out. Is it possible to buy a regular sized New 3DS at retail right now? Pretty sure the answer is no. Also, WHY Nintendo??? Do you hate money?— Chaim Gartenberg (@cgartenberg) February 3, 2017 As for the smaller New 3DS model? Well, those haven't been available at retail since last fall's Black Friday sale, and Nintendo doesn't even reference that it even exists on the official 3DS site. In fact, Nintendo has bafflingly never sold the smaller console outside of special edition bundles in the US. Third-party sellers have plenty of grey market units to offer, if you're willing to pay Of course, eBay and third-party sellers on Amazon have plenty of grey market units to offer, if you're willing to pay. Interested buyers will pony up a $50–$70 premium (at least) for a New 3DS XL (which retails for $199.99). Special edition variants run for far more. The standard New 3DS is even worse, in some cases selling for more than its larger cousin. But short of stumbling into a forgotten piece of inventory in a physical store, these are your only options to buy a Nintendo console right now. Neither is this a temporary or recent problem — our friends over at Polygon noted a similar absence of 3DS availability back in December. That piece ran days after Nintendo released its first smartphone game, Super Mario Run. Months later, with Fire Emblem Heroes available on smartphones, Nintendo’s play to convert mobile game lovers into handheld owners is mired by the most Nintendo problem of all: limited stock. It'd be easy to blame the New 3DS supply on the Switch taking its place — after all, it can be used as a fully portable console in its own right — but Nintendo has been steadfastly sticking to the line that it intends on supporting and developing the 3DS hardware in tandem with its new home console as recently as last week. Like I said, this isn't Nintendo's first supply chain problem. Months after launch, the NES Classic is still laughably rare hard to find, despite the massive demand. Nintendo Switch preorders are sold out across the board, at least in the US, as are several of the Switch controller models and accessories. On the other hand, Nintendo has pledged to have over two million Switch consoles available at launch, which is considered to be a fairly ambitious sales number for it to reach. If the Switch does turn out to be hard to find, it will probably be because of a strong launch for Nintendo. Reggie Fils-Aime, the president of Nintendo of America, has also noted in an interview with Wired that the company is aware of the unexpected demand of other products like the NES Classic, and has said that “[Nintendo’s] focus is making sure that the consumer who wants to buy a Nintendo Switch can buy a Nintendo Switch.” But to put it plainly, with the Nintendo Switch launch right around the corner, the current inability to purchase the 3DS should seriously worry anyone without a preorder in place. Because if the Switch turns out to be as successful as the NES Classic or 3DS have been, fans could be facing yet another tough choice between a long wait or a grey market gouging for a Nintendo console. Update February 2nd, 10:15AM: Updated article to incorporate comments from Nintendo regarding planned Switch supply inventory. Nintendo Switch First Look Next Up In Circuit Breaker First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks The LG Watch Sport and Watch Style are now available to order I really love this little USB-C laptop wall charger Fine, professionals, you can have a curved display, but it’s not going to look cool Android’s convenient Instant Tethering is now rolling out to Pixel and Nexus devices This might be the logo for Samsung’s Bixby AI assistant Now Trending Congressman is righteously booed after dodging a young girl’s simple question about science Android’s convenient Instant Tethering is now rolling out to Pixel and Nexus devices First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks This $500 plug-and-play robot arm is designed to be a desktop friend for DIY engineers Russia reportedly considering sending Snowden back to US as a ‘gift’ to Trump This Article has a component height of 22. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Tech Augmented Reality First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks by Nick Statt@nickstatt Magic Leap, a secretive augmented reality startup, is not so secretive these days. An image of a prototype device was just leaked to Business Insider, which says the source referred to the device as "PEQ0,” a stand-in derived from an internal... New, 20 comments Microsoft Tech Amazon See how old Amazon’s AI thinks you are by Nick Statt@nickstatt Amazon’s latest artificial intelligence tool is a piece of image recognition software that can learn to guess a human’s age. The feature is powered by Amazon’s Rekognition platform, which is a developer toolkit that exists as part of the company’s... New, 4 comments Policy & Law US & World Tech Russia reportedly considering sending Snowden back to US as a ‘gift’ to Trump by Nick Statt@nickstatt Russian officials have discussed the possibility of extraditing whistleblower Edward Snowden to the US as a way to improve political relations with President Trump, according to NBC News. The report cites an unnamed US official who has analyzed... New, 25 comments Movie Review Entertainment Film John Wick: Chapter 2 recaptures the original’s style, but with fewer surprises by Tasha Robinson Here’s the important thing about John Wick: Chapter 2: it’s a grim, brutal, airless action film full of doggy reaction shots. The original 2014 John Wick was a surprise hit about an unstoppable assassin who’s dragged out of retirement for a few... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gadgets Tech The LG Watch Sport and Watch Style are now available to order by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Google officially launched Android Wear 2.0 this week with the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style. They’re both now available to order through the Google Store, although the titanium version of the Sport already appears to have sold out. Best Buy is... New, 1 comment Apple Tech Virtual Reality Tim Cook says augmented reality is ‘a big idea like the smartphone’ by Nick Statt@nickstatt It’s no secret that Apple’s culture of secrecy forbids even the most powerful at the company from spilling details about upcoming products. But, as CEO Tim Cook has illustrated frequently in the past, there are ways to drop hints and talk around... New, 10 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2006 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us Local February 7, 2017 8:56 AM Police looking for suspect in fraud case at area Walmart 1 of 2 i From Staff Reports LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Conway police are looking for a man who is accused of using a fraudulent card to make several purchases at a Conway area Walmart in January. On Tuesday, police released an image of the suspect and the truck he is believed to have been in on Jan. 12 at Walmart, 2709 Church St., in Conway. Police are asking for the public’s assistance in identifying the subject in the photograph. Anyone with any information on the identity of the subjects in the photograph is asked to contact the Conway Police Department at 843-248-1790. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Local Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:31 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 2.11 Pause 1:04 The most unusual TSA checkpoint finds 0:29 Police investigate shots fired near Seaboard Street 1:22 Gators bellowing makes water dance at Green Pond wildlife preserve 0:47 Gator aid called in for alligator enjoying day at Myrtle Beach 2:39 Myrtle Beach claims Region VII-4A's No. 2 spot with rout of North Myrtle Beach 2:04 Kensington students jump rope to raise funding for heart disease 1:17 The week ahead for the Myrtle Beach area: Feb. 13 - 19 2:27 CCU athletes read story to Carolina Forest kindergarteners 1:15 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 2.7 Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 hours ago Little River resident competes 'min pins' in 2017 Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show 0:44 10 hours ago Little River resident competes 'min pins' in 2017 Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show 2:04 9 hours ago Kensington students jump rope to raise funding for heart disease 1:17 13 hours ago The week ahead for the Myrtle Beach area: Feb. 13 - 19 View more video Local School board doesn’t want to vote on pay raise, but it’s doing it anyway Grand Strand’s third Mellow Mushroom location sets target for opening date Could Georgetown’s steel mill return to production? It’s a possibility. Patient ‘completely different person’ after new medical procedure Was it a threat or had the threat ended? ‘Stand your ground’ trial resumes Friday Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
« Return to Mobile Website Newsletters Sign-Up Schedule a Demo Does My Company Subscribe? Client Login eMarketer PRO Login eMarketer Retail Login Does my company subscribe? Contact Us Newsletters Sales: 1-800-405-0844 Articles Customer Stories Plans Product Tour Research Topics Request Pricing The Pressure Is on for Retailers to Go Omnichannel Changing consumer buying habits complicate efforts February 7, 2017 | Retail & Ecommerce Share Email Print Omnichannel retail is getting a lot of attention in 2017, due to a growing focus on the discipline by top players like Amazon and Walmart. But for many other retailers, the challenge of balancing and streamlining their physical and digital commerce operations continues to be a challenge. Data from Retail Systems Research (RSR) looked at a number of external factors that will put more pressure on retailers and suppliers over the next five years. At first glance, it might appear that worries about omnichannel retailing is lessening; the number of respondents concerned about the category decreased from 39% to 30% between 2015 and 2016. But this is misleading, RSR emphasized in its report. In fact, consumer buying preferences increased as a factor that could affect retailers and suppliers’ business, jumping from 61% to 74% during the same period. These consumer expectations will have an important impact on retailers’ omnichannel efforts. Shifting buying preferences are making it harder for retailers to develop a consistent, unified experience across their physical and digital operations. The same RSR study found that consumers’ buying decisions were based around factors like pricing (cited by 68%), product availability (54%), product assortment (36%) and free shipping (27%). Yet retailers hoping to meet consumer expectations related to these priorities often face a complicated logistical path. A survey by Boston Retail Partners, which examined the implementation of various omnichannel commerce capabilities, indicated that no more than 25% of retail executives felt that their omnichannel capabilities in areas like product assortment, consistent pricing or inventory visibility were “implemented and working well.” Indeed, much of the work related to these areas remains incomplete, they’re either in the early phases of rollout or plan to be incorporated in the next few years. Even as the omnichannel revolution moves ahead for big retail firms, other retail players are finding that the challenge of meeting omnichannel expectations is easier said than done. —Jeremy Kressmann Test Your Customer Acquisition and Data-Driven Marketing Know-How A large-scale priority for most marketers is acquiring new customers. But in order to maximize the effectiveness of dollars allocated to acquisition efforts, marketers must place a weighty emphasis on data. Take this eMarketer quiz to measure your aptitude of data-driven marketing and its impact on customer acquisition Receive a complimentary eMarketer report upon completion of the quiz Made possible by Neustar Previous Article Next Article Latest from eMarketer Latest Articles Latest Webinars For Twitter, a High-Impact Conundrum Consumers Seem a Little Cloudy About the Cloud Smartphones from Oppo, Vivo Make Gains on the iPhone in China More Articles » eMarketer Daily Newsletter » Cross-Device Targeting—What to Watch for in 2017 Mid-Holiday Season Retail Update & Post-Thanksgiving Recap Key Digital Trends for 2017 More Webinars » More on this Topic Lessons Learned from John Lewis' Mcommerce Efforts Print Prevails Over Digital for Motivating Shoppers in France Chinese Consumers' Purchases of South Korean Goods Shot Up in 2016 Go beyond the articles: eMarketer Products You've never experienced research like this. SEE FEATURES » Hear from our clients: Customer Stories Nearly all Fortune 500 companies rely on us. READ MORE » Want to learn more? Contact Us Inquire about corporate subscriptions today. CONTACT SALES » About eMarketer Contact Us Why eMarketer Events Newsroom Advertising Opportunities Career Opportunities Privacy Policy Call Us: 1-800-405-0844 Coverage by Topic Advertising & Marketing B2B Demographics Ecommerce Email Media Usage, Buying & Planning Mobile Search Social Video NEW! Create your own charts on these topics, instantly. Try it now > Coverage by Geography Asia-Pacific Central & Eastern Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Western Europe Coverage by Industry Automotive Consumer Products Financial Services Media & Entertainment Pharma & Healthcare Retail Travel Popular Articles Why Marketers Haven't Mastered Multichannel TV Campaigns Extend Reach via Facebook Ads How Effective Has Personalization Been So Far? Explore More Articles »         Copyright 2016 eMarketer Inc. All Rights Reserved.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 11, 4:09 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National WalMart, Chipotle Affected By Trump's Mexico Trade War? Big US Companies May Be Hurt By Tariffs Amid Global Recession Fears By Bobby Ilich On 02/07/17 AT 8:10 AM Close Economists have warned of the effects President Donald Trump's potential trade war with Mexico will have on both the U.S. and Mexican economies. While there has been some walking back, Trump had proposed a 20 percent tariff on Mexican goods to help pay for a wall along the southern border. Mexico would almost certainly suffer a recession with rising unemployment and a weakening peso, and the U.S. economy would be weakened in what could lead to a global recession. Two prominent Republican senators, John McCain and Lindsey Graham, have publicly expressed concern about Trump's tariff policy and changes to the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). “Any effort to restrict or impose new barriers on our ability to trade with Mexico and Canada could jeopardize the future of this trade agreement and have serious consequences for Arizona and the country,” McCain said in January. Only Canada and China are larger trading partners than Mexico with roughly $531 billion in goods traded between the two countries in 2015. If a trade war occurs, Americans would have to pay more for avocados, tomatoes, beer, and tequila -- and that's just food. Well-known companies may also feel the pinch. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc., one of the largest Mexican food chain in the U.S., relies on the price of avocados and tomatoes, which they mostly get from Mexico. Chipotle reported fourth-quarter earnings on Thursday with sales at Chipotle's established restaurants falling 4.8 percent. The company disclosed that they were hurt by the rising cost of avocados and chopped tomatoes. In a recent Barron's article, Maxim analyst Stephen Anderson cited that "a case of avocados now costs $40, while a 25-pound box of tomatoes goes for $11." So a 20 percent tariff would severely hit Chipotle's earnings per share. Then there's Wal-Mart. The super chain has over 2,400 stores in Mexico and relies heavily on Mexican imports. Much of Wal-Mart's sales come from produce so a tariff would almost certainly mean a spike in prices and therefore hurt their long-term outlook. Related Stories Trump Wants To ‘Speed Up’ Process To Gut NAFTA Mexico May Pull Out Of NAFTA "Wal-Mart has been losing a lot of business already for other reasons. They cannot survive as a high-priced retailer. I'm not saying they would go bankrupt the next day, but in the long run a lot of what Wal-Mart does just wouldn't make sense," said economist Tyler Cowen in a Bloomberg report in August. A day after Trump proposed the 20 percent tariff, shares of Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) dropped more than 1 percent. Since Nov. 9, shares of Wal-Mart Stores have dropped from $71.10 to a close of $66.40 on Monday. Aside from Chipotle and Wal-Mart, a trade war with Mexico could have damaging effects on the overall economy. “For both the U.S. and Mexico, it’s challenging because if you start putting tariffs on imports from the other country, you’re essentially putting tariffs on some of the inputs of many of the things you want to make,” Robert Blecker, professor of economics at the American University, told Salon in January. Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business US Companies Continue Moving Jobs To Mexico Despite the threats of a 35 percent tariff, American companies are moving forward to lay off hundreds of US jobs. Technology Leaked Branding Hints At Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus A popular tech informant has shared the name of one of the Galaxy S8 models. World Snowden Says Report Proves He Never Spied For Russia Edward Snowden, who was given refuge in Russia in 2013, is facing espionage charges in the U.S. for leaking documents about secret mass surveillance programs. National Dossier On Trump-Russia Ties Gaining Credibility: Report While people didn't take the documents seriously when they first came to light, a large number are reassessing their stance following Trump’s stand on Russia during his campaign. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News Deputies still investigating after Wal-Mart customer fatally shoots suspected diaper thief Customer of Pine Hills Wal-Mart shot suspected shoplifter A customer of a Pine Hills Wal-Mart shot a man suspected of stealing diapers and other items from the store Saturday morning, according to the Orange County A customer of a Pine Hills Wal-Mart shot a man suspected of stealing diapers and other items from the store Saturday morning, according to the Orange County Stephanie Allen Contact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy A suspected diaper thief shot dead outside a Pine Hills Wal-Mart on Saturday was a fugitive on felony probation at the time of his death, state records show. Arthur “Art” Adams, 19, was a gang member who was planning to sell the diapers, Orange County sheriff’s Capt. Angelo Nieves said. A customer — a 50-year-old man — shot Adams after stepping in to help an employee who had followed Adams and two people with him to the parking lot, investigators said. Nieves would not release the customer’s name, saying the information is “active criminal investigative information” and therefore exempt from disclosure under Florida’s public records law. Arthur Adams Orange County Jail Arthur Adams Arthur Adams (Orange County Jail) He also wouldn’t say whether the customer had a permit to legally carry a concealed weapon or if the suspected thief was armed at the time of the shooting. Detectives are investigating and plan to forward their findings to the Orange-Osceola State Attorney’s Office for a decision on whether the customer should be charged. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings urged the public not to rush to judgment. “The use of deadly force will be evaluated based on law and the right to protect one's self or others from great bodily harm or death,” he said in a statement.  Adams had been arrested at least nine times since 2011 on charges including grand theft, fleeing law enforcement and selling marijuana. A Facebook page that appears to be his shows him grinning as he displays guns and wads of cash. In June, Adams was sentenced to 239 days in jail and four years of probation after pleading no contest to two racketeering charges. He failed to report to his probation officer in August and September and was declared an absconder after he couldn’t be found, Department of Corrections records show. On Monday, Nieves said detectives were trying to identify a man seen on surveillance video with Adams at Wal-Mart. The Sheriff’s Office wouldn’t release the name of the third person, a girl. Deputies said she took off after the shooting but showed up at a hospital with a gunshot wound to her leg. The incident unfolded about 8:15 a.m. when Adams and the others walked out of the store on Clarcona Ocoee Road at Pine Hills Road with two carts full of unpaid merchandise, according to the Sheriff’s Office. At some point, the customer who stepped in to help the employee thought one of the suspects was arming himself and felt threatened, deputies said. The man then grabbed his gun and opened fire. Deputies said Adams and the two others got into a red Nissan Rogue that was stolen during a carjacking Jan. 14 in Orange County and tried to drive away. They crashed into two other vehicles in the parking lot before getting out and running, according to the Sheriff’s Office. Adams was found across the street at a Citgo gas station. He died at a hospital.  Staff writers Susan Jacobson and David Harris contributed to this report. sallen@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5417 Caption Officer disciplined after mistaking doughnut glaze for meth Cpl. Shelby Riggs-Hopkins of the Orlando Police Department has been disciplined after making a false arrest based on an incorrectly-administered drug test which identified Krispy Kreme dougnut glaze as amphetamine. Cpl. Shelby Riggs-Hopkins of the Orlando Police Department has been disciplined after making a false arrest based on an incorrectly-administered drug test which identified Krispy Kreme dougnut glaze as amphetamine. Caption Officer disciplined after mistaking doughnut glaze for meth Cpl. Shelby Riggs-Hopkins of the Orlando Police Department has been disciplined after making a false arrest based on an incorrectly-administered drug test which identified Krispy Kreme dougnut glaze as amphetamine. Cpl. Shelby Riggs-Hopkins of the Orlando Police Department has been disciplined after making a false arrest based on an incorrectly-administered drug test which identified Krispy Kreme dougnut glaze as amphetamine. Caption Cause of death has been determined in Roger Trindade death The cause of death in a Winter Park teen death has been determined. 15-year-old Roger Trindade died from blunt force trauma and the medical examiner has ruled the death a homicide. The cause of death in a Winter Park teen death has been determined. 15-year-old Roger Trindade died from blunt force trauma and the medical examiner has ruled the death a homicide. Caption DEA: Florida Hospital Oceanside executive used child's info to get prescription drugs An executive at Florida Hospital Oceanside is accused of fraudulently using other people’s information, including his child’s, to get prescription pills An executive at Florida Hospital Oceanside is accused of fraudulently using other people’s information, including his child’s, to get prescription pills Caption Security footage of Eustis Denny's armed robbery Security footage reveals three armed men wearing masks robbing a Denny’s restaurant in Eustis early Monday. Security footage reveals three armed men wearing masks robbing a Denny’s restaurant in Eustis early Monday. Caption Security footage shows man firing long gun near Pine Hills A man opened fire in a parking lot near Pine Hills in December. The shots hit five people, killing one. It happened around 9:50 p.m. Dec. 11 at a plaza at 5100 block of North Lane. A man opened fire in a parking lot near Pine Hills in December. The shots hit five people, killing one. It happened around 9:50 p.m. Dec. 11 at a plaza at 5100 block of North Lane. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Crime Theft Orange County All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 53°
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Writers Projects Next America Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription It’s Getting Harder to Believe in Silicon Valley Awestruck visions of the tech industry have become less convincing than ever. Jack Hudson Most Popular Behind the Internet's Anti-Democracy Movement Rosie Gray Feb 10, 2017 How to Build an Autocracy David Frum Jan 30, 2017 The Universe Is as Spooky as Einstein Thought Natalie Wolchover Feb 10, 2017 Who Will Be the First Victim of White House Chaos? David A. Graham Feb 10, 2017 Michael Flynn's Debacle David Frum Feb 10, 2017 Anna Wiener March 2017 Issue Business Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Reviews Valley of the Gods: A Silicon Valley Story By Alexandra Wolfe Simon & Schuster In late 2010, during a fireside chat at the tech-industry conference TechCrunch Disrupt, the venture capitalist and entrepreneur Peter Thiel disclosed that he would award 20 enterprising teenagers $100,000 apiece over two years to bypass college in favor of entrepreneurship. “Stopping out,” Thiel called it. Having decried student debt (not to mention universities’ inculcation of political correctness), he endeavored to make the case that college was a limiting and outdated model. The Thiel Fellowship, as it came to be known, was representative of a particular strain of anti-establishmentarianism in tech-industry culture. Who needs higher education? In Valley of the Gods: A Silicon Valley Story, Alexandra Wolfe, a reporter for The Wall Street Journal, zooms in on a handful of Thiel fellows from the 2011 inaugural class. Among them are John Burnham, an antsy teen who has his sights set on asteroid-mining robots; Laura Deming, a prodigy working on life extension; and James Proud, who founded GigLocator, an app for locating tickets to live concerts, and sold the company in 2012. As the fellows adjust to their new environs in the Bay Area, Wolfe follows them into a constellation of mentors and affiliates, subcultures and institutions—“Silicon Valley’s elite and underbelly.” Her goal is a portrait of the tech industry as “a new social order, one with an anti-‘society’ aesthetic that has taken on a singular style.” Wolfe is an entertaining writer, if not an outstanding prose stylist, and she largely lets her subjects speak for themselves, skimping on broader context. Her subjects, mostly entrepreneurs, founders, and figureheads, are indisputably more elite than underbelly, but no matter. From the futurist and author Ray Kurzweil to Todd Huffman—a biologist, an early participant in the now-defunct San Francisco “intentional community” Langton Labs, and an aspiring cryogenically preserved corpse—Wolfe lands on characters who are vibrant and open-minded, each deserving of more inquiry than a 250-page book allows. The line between “tech company” and “regular company” continues to blur. Through visits to start-up incubators, communal-living groups in mansions, and polyamorous households on Paleo diets, Wolfe constructs an argument that in Silicon Valley, “institutions and routines such as raises, rents, mortgages—marriage—were as inconsequential, breakable, and flexible as the industries technology disrupted.” She deploys her anecdotes to serve her vision of the culture as a reaction to “the East Coast’s hierarchy,” as well as its foil. She pokes fun at the tech industry’s own self-aggrandizing fetishes while also affirming them. Incubators are “a sort of West Coast Ivy League,” a fast track to access and social capital. Millennials prefer the “freedom” of Silicon Valley to the “old world” of the East Coast. Gone is Wall Street’s uniform of Thomas Pink and Tiffany; in its stead, “the only outward signs of tech success are laptops and ideas.” Pitting East against West even gets ontological. Using New York City hedge-fund managers as an example, Wolfe writes that the “retrowealth” of the East Coast is “a harkening back to what it was to be human last century.” Silicon Valley, by contrast, has trained its sights on how to “disrupt, transgress, and reengineer … humanity as a whole.” Wolfe’s book spans five years, but the bulk of her reporting appears to be from 2011 and 2012. And a lot happened in the years between the cocky-nerd drama of 2010’s The Social Network and the first quarter of 2016, which brought zero initial public offerings from tech companies. In 2012, new start-ups were flush with money and the tech sphere was overwhelmed by ardent media coverage; the verb disrupt was elbowing its way into vernacular prominence and had not yet become a cliché. Facebook’s IPO was not only record-setting but a flag in the ground, and the West Coast seemed a hopeful counternarrative in an otherwise flailing economy. Stories about Silicon Valley were imbued with a certain awe that, today, is starting to fade. Since the genre’s takeoff in the late 1990s, during the first dot-com boom, writing about the tech industry has traditionally fallen into a few limited camps: buzzy and breathless blog posts pegged to product announcements, suspiciously redolent of press releases; technophobic and scolding accounts heralding the downfall of society via smartphone; dry business reporting; and lifestyle coverage zeroing in on the trappings, trends, and celebrities of the tech scene. In different ways, each neglects to examine the industry’s cultural clout and political economy. This tendency is shifting, as the line between “tech company” and “regular company” continues to blur (even Walmart has an innovation lab in the Bay Area). Founders and their publicists would have you believe that this is a world of pioneers and utopians, cowboy coders and hero programmers. But as tech becomes more pervasive, coverage that unquestioningly echoes the mythologizing impulse is falling out of fashion. Portraying Silicon Valley’s powerful as “uber-nerds” is reductive and unhelpful. The backlash is unsurprising. Accelerated, venture-capital-fueled success is bound to inspire more than just wonder. In the past year alone, three Silicon Valley darlings—Hampton Creek, Theranos, and Zenefits—have been subject to painful debunking by the media. Thiel’s own reputation, always controversial, has come into question since his financing of a lawsuit that shuttered Gawker and his emergence as an avid Donald Trump supporter. Valley of the Gods, which opens with a tribute to Thiel and the “counterintuitive idealism” he aimed to encourage, feels like a time capsule from a previous iteration of tech media, a reminder of the sort of narratives that have contributed to growing impatience with the mythos. Valley of the Gods is fine as an artifact hurtled from a more innocent time, as far as scene-driven reportage is concerned. But what feels like a throwback perspective takes a toll on the larger argument of Wolfe’s book. She relies at every turn on stereotypes such as “Asperger’s Chic” and “engineering geeks [who]barely knew how to make friends or navigate a cocktail party, let alone be politically manipulative.” Statements like “Only the young and ambitious who grew up with the computer saw it for what it might become” aren’t just vaguely ageist, but also ahistorical. (What the computer has thus far “become” is only one version of many potential outcomes and visions.) Peter Thiel’s friends, in her summation, are part of “a whole new world of often-wacky people and ideas that didn’t seem to subscribe to any set principles or social awareness.” Leaning on Silicon Valley tropes, Wolfe fails to take her subjects—and their economic and political influence, which has only increased over the past five years—seriously. From Our March 2017 Issue Try 2 FREE issues of The Atlantic Subscribe She also undercuts her own point about the disruptive ethos of the place. “Today’s uber-nerds are like the robber barons of the industrial revolution whose steel and automobile manufacturing capabilities changed entire industries,” she writes. “But instead of massive factories and mills, they’re doing it with little buttons.” Portraying Silicon Valley’s powerful as “uber-nerds” who struck it rich is as reductive and unhelpful as referring to technology that integrates personal payment information and location tracking as “little buttons.” The effect is not only to protect them behind the shield of presumed harmlessness, but also to exempt them from the scrutiny that their economic and political power should invite. The sort of mythology that celebrates a small handful of visionaries and co-founders blurs important social realities. Technology has always been a collective project. The industry is also cyclical. Many failed ideas have been resuscitated and rebranded as successful products and services, owned and managed by people other than their originators. Behind almost every popular app or website today lie numerous shadow versions that have been sloughed away by time. Yet recognition of the group nature of the enterprise would undermine a myth that legitimizes the consolidation of profit, for the most part, among a small group of people. If technology belongs to the people only insofar as the people are consumers, we beneficiaries had better believe that luminaries and pioneers did something so outrageously, so individually innovative that the concentration of capital at the top is deserved. When founders pitch their companies, or inscribe their origin stories into the annals of TechCrunch, they neglect to mention some of the most important variables of success: luck, timing, connections, and those who set the foundation for them. The industry isn’t terribly in touch with its own history. It clings tight to a faith in meritocracy: This is a spaceship, and we built it by ourselves. After four years of working in tech, almost all of which were spent at start-ups in San Francisco, I’ll happily acknowledge that the industry contains multitudes: biohackers and anti-aging advocates, high-flying techno-utopians and high-strung co-founders, polyamorous couples and M.B.A.s. But they’re just people, and their lifestyle choices are usually in the minority. They’re not a new social order. Even if they were, plenty of people just like them live in New York City, too. Simon & Schuster Valley of the Gods is journalism, not ethnography. As with any caricature, the world depicted in its pages is largely an exaggeration—even, in some cases, a fantasy—but certain dimensions ring true, and loudly. It’s important to note what Wolfe gets right. This is a culture that champions acceleration, optimization, and efficiency. From communication to attire, some things are more casual than they are on the East Coast, and people seem to be happier for it. Irreverence is often rewarded. This is far from punk rock (the irreverence is often in the name of building financially successful corporations), but experimentation is encouraged. Silicon Valley is hardly a meritocracy—diversity metrics make that clear, and old-school credentials and pedigree still have clout out west—but it’s more meritocratic than other, older industries like consulting or finance. Few women figure in Wolfe’s book, which also feels accurate, especially at the higher levels. The trouble with telling “a Silicon Valley story” is that the real stories are not just more nuanced and moderate but also relatively boring. Many people working in technology are legitimately inspiring, but they don’t necessarily gravitate toward flashy projects, and won’t be found strolling across a ted stage. If they fail, they may not fail up, and they certainly won’t write a Medium post afterward in an attempt to micromanage their personal brand or reconfigure the narrative. The other, less flattering truth is that the difference between the East and West Coasts is not fundamentally all that great. The tech industry owes a huge debt to the financial sector. Wolfe is eager to depict Silicon Valley as the new New York, but much of the money that funds venture-capital firms comes from investors who made their fortunes on Wall Street. (The tech industry also owes a great debt to “Main Street”: Private-equity funds regularly include allocations from public pension plans and universities.) Cultural differences abound, but they’re not a function of the tech industry. They’re a function of history, of the deeply entrenched cultural and social circumstances that slowly come to define a place. As the mythology gets worn away, the contours of the Valley become easier to see. The view, though less glamorous, still offers plenty to behold. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video The Crippling Fear of Everlasting Life While many dream of an afterlife, people with apeirophobia are terrified of eternal existence. Caitlin Cadieux and Daniel Lombroso Feb 8, 2017 About the Author Anna Wiener is a writer based in San Francisco. Her work has appeared in the New Republic, Pacific Standard, and The Paris Review. Most Popular Presented by Kevin Lamarque / Reuters Behind the Internet's Anti-Democracy Movement Rosie Gray White House chief strategist Steve Bannon is reportedly a reader of neoreactionary political theory. A tour through the pro-authoritarian philosophy gaining visibility on the right. White House chief strategist Steve Bannon has been in contact via intermediaries with Curtis Yarvin, Politico Magazine reported this week. Yarvin, a software engineer and blogger, writes under the name Mencius Moldbug. His anti-egalitarian arguments have formed the basis for a movement called “neoreaction.” The main thrust of Yarvin’s thinking is that democracy is a bust; rule by the people doesn’t work, and doesn’t lead to good governance. He has described it as an “ineffective and destructive” form of government, which he associates with “war, tyranny, destruction and poverty.” Yarvin’s ideas, along with those of the English philosopher Nick Land, have provided a structure of political theory for parts of the white-nationalist movement calling itself the alt-right. The alt-right can be seen as a political movement; neoreaction, which adherents refer to as NRx, is a philosophy. At the core of that philosophy is a rejection of democracy and an embrace of autocratic rule. Continue Reading Jeffrey Smith How to Build an Autocracy David Frum The preconditions are present in the U.S. today. Here’s the playbook Donald Trump could use to set the country down a path toward illiberalism. It’s 2021, and President Donald Trump will shortly be sworn in for his second term. The 45th president has visibly aged over the past four years. He rests heavily on his daughter Ivanka’s arm during his infrequent public appearances. Fortunately for him, he did not need to campaign hard for reelection. His has been a popular presidency: Big tax cuts, big spending, and big deficits have worked their familiar expansive magic. Wages have grown strongly in the Trump years, especially for men without a college degree, even if rising inflation is beginning to bite into the gains. The president’s supporters credit his restrictive immigration policies and his TrumpWorks infrastructure program. Listen to the audio version of this article:Download the Audm app for your iPhone to listen to more titles. Continue Reading Olena Shmahalo / Quanta Magazine The Universe Is as Spooky as Einstein Thought Natalie Wolchover In a brilliant new experiment, physicists have confirmed one of the most mysterious laws of the cosmos. There might be no getting around what Albert Einstein called “spooky action at a distance.” With an experiment described this week in Physical Review Letters—a feat that involved harnessing starlight to control measurements of particles shot between buildings in Vienna—some of the world’s leading cosmologists and quantum physicists are closing the door on an intriguing alternative to “quantum entanglement.” “Technically, this experiment is truly impressive,” said Nicolas Gisin, a quantum physicist at the University of Geneva who has studied this loophole around entanglement. Continue Reading Carlos Barria / Reuters Who Will Be the First Victim of White House Chaos? David A. Graham Michael Flynn reportedly misled the vice president about conversations with Russia. Sean Spicer has never found his stride. Kellyanne Conway is in Congress’s sights. Welcome to Survivor: West Wing. It is a truth universally peddled by wisemen and -women in Washington, though not necessarily obeyed by presidents, that when the White House is in trouble, the best cure is to hoist the head of an adviser on a spike of the fence encircling the executive mansion. Firing—sorry, accepting the resignation of—an adviser makes for an easy way to demonstrate that the administration understands it has a problem and is working to fix it. That person doesn’t necessarily need to be the root of the problem, though it’s helpful if they’re at least somewhat involved. Other times, some bad press offers a useful pretext for pushing out someone who was already on thin ice. Continue Reading Yuri Gripas / Reuters Michael Flynn's Debacle David Frum Trump’s national security adviser’s potentially false statements about his pre-inauguration contacts with Russian officials are a major scandal. “This reminds me of the run-up to Iran- Contra.” The person offering that gloomy observation was a veteran of many years in and around the US defense community. Unusually for a person with such a background, he had been a Trump supporter even during the Republican primaries. Now, though, he was worried. The new National Security Council leadership was taking form—and he feared he saw history repeating itself. “The National Security Council,” he warned, “is not one executive body. It is a deliberative body.” But the new national security adviser, General Michael Flynn, obviously hungered to carry out policy, not merely preside over policy formation. That way lay the disaster that had befallen Reagan's national security advisers Bud Macfarlane and John Poindexter in the 1980s, who were convicted of lying to Congress about the administration selling arms to Iran to finance anti-communist militants in Nicaragua. Continue Reading Doane Gregory / Universal Studios Fifty Shades Darker: A Spoilereview Christopher Orr A blow-by-blow recounting of an awful, retrograde sequel “I want you back. We can renegotiate terms.” Ah, love. The above line is delivered to Anastasia Steele by Christian Grey near the beginning of Fifty Shades Darker, the second movie adaptation of the trilogy of zillion-selling erotic novels by Erika Mitchell (pen name E. L. James). But one imagines similar words being spoken by executives of Universal Pictures to Mitchell herself following the completion of the first installment in the series, Fifty Shades of Grey. That film was directed by the respected artist Sam (short for Samantha) Taylor-Johnson, and she and Mitchell reportedly fought over almost every aspect of the production, the latter having been granted uncommon creative control when she signed over the rights to her books. The result was a very bad movie, but one considerably less bad than the book it was based on. Continue Reading Daron Dean / Reuters Conflict Over Trump Forces Out an Opinion Editor at The Wall Street Journal Rosie Gray The departure follows weeks of reports of tension on the paper's news side about how to cover Trump. The Wall Street Journal’s editorial features editor has left the paper following tensions over the section drifting in a pro-Donald Trump direction. News of the departure of Mark Lasswell, who edited op-eds for the Journal, comes as the paper’s internal tensions over Trump have begun to spill into public view. The reliably hawkish, pro-trade, small government conservative Journal op-ed page has been challenged by the rise of the populist, nationalist Trump movement. The Journal’s opinion pages have been a showcase for the intra-right divide over Trump, featuring Trump-sympathetic writers like Bill McGurn alongside anti-Trump columnists such as Bret Stephens. Lasswell appears to be a casualty of that divide, and his dismissal a victory for the pro-Trump faction on the editorial staff. Continue Reading Mike Blake / Reuters 'Give Us Your Passwords' Kaveh Waddell What happens if border agents are allowed to demand access to your phone and online accounts—and turn you away if you don’t comply? “What sites do you visit? And give us your passwords.” That’s what U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly wants foreign visitors to hear before they’re allowed to enter the United States. “If they don’t want to give us that information, then they don’t come,” he said, while testifying in front of the House Homeland Security Committee on Tuesday. The suggestion was met with horror among privacy advocates. “With that kind of access, they can not only see what you’ve publicly posted, but things you haven't posted yet, private messages, private lists, they can impersonate you, and even do these things on accident,” wrote Joseph Lorenzo Hall, the chief technologist at the Center for Democracy and Technology, on his website. “This kind of access is profoundly invasive.” Continue Reading Michal Novotný How Your Cat Is Making You Crazy Kathleen McAuliffe Jaroslav Flegr is no kook. And yet, for years, he suspected his mind had been taken over by parasites that had invaded his brain. So the prolific biologist took his science-fiction hunch into the lab. What he’s now discovering will startle you. Could tiny organisms carried by house cats be creeping into our brains, causing everything from car wrecks to schizophrenia? No one would accuse Jaroslav Flegr of being a conformist. A self-described “sloppy dresser,” the 53-year-old Czech scientist has the contemplative air of someone habitually lost in thought, and his still-youthful, square-jawed face is framed by frizzy red hair that encircles his head like a ring of fire. Certainly Flegr’s thinking is jarringly unconventional. Starting in the early 1990s, he began to suspect that a single-celled parasite in the protozoan family was subtly manipulating his personality, causing him to behave in strange, often self-destructive ways. And if it was messing with his mind, he reasoned, it was probably doing the same to others. The parasite, which is excreted by cats in their feces, is called Toxoplasma gondii (T. gondii or Toxo for short) and is the microbe that causes toxoplasmosis—the reason pregnant women are told to avoid cats’ litter boxes. Since the 1920s, doctors have recognized that a woman who becomes infected during pregnancy can transmit the disease to the fetus, in some cases resulting in severe brain damage or death. T. gondii is also a major threat to people with weakened immunity: in the early days of the AIDS epidemic, before good antiretroviral drugs were developed, it was to blame for the dementia that afflicted many patients at the disease’s end stage. Healthy children and adults, however, usually experience nothing worse than brief flu-like symptoms before quickly fighting off the protozoan, which thereafter lies dormant inside brain cells—or at least that’s the standard medical wisdom. Continue Reading Mike Segar / Reuters Trump Tried to Intimidate the Judges Over His Ban, and He Failed Garrett Epps Presidents have thought before that they could roll those wimpy-looking nerds with their gavels and robes. It usually doesn’t work out all that well. “Make this one out of cast-iron,” the late Judge John Butzner said to me one day in chambers. “There are going to be a lot of weasels sniffing around it.” I was Butzner’s clerk. He was assigning me to draft an opinion in a case on an abstruse point of federal law. No court had ever decided this particular question—and a lot of money was riding on the answer. Some judges on the Fourth Circuit would object to the result his panel had reached. Once Butzner’s opinion was published, they might try to persuade the other judges to rehear the case “en banc”—meaning on a bench including all members of the Circuit. It was a high-stress assignment, even though he gave me all the time I needed. Imagine the atmosphere in chambers this week as three Ninth Circuit judges and their clerks worked frantically to produce an opinion in Washington v. Trump—the case testing the constitutionality of President Trump’s executive orderbanning refugees from around the  world, and all visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries. Continue Reading Can It Happen Here? Daniel Lombroso and David Frum David Frum on Donald Trump's authoritarian tendencies Watch Video What Will Happen to Undocumented Doctors? Jeremy Raff Meet the Dreamers who are one executive action away from losing everything. Watch Video The Atlantic Why Every Year Feels Shorter Than the Last James Hamblin and Nicolas Pollock We asked a time expert. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Business Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad >
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Writers Projects Next America Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription It’s Getting Harder to Believe in Silicon Valley Awestruck visions of the tech industry have become less convincing than ever. Jack Hudson Most Popular Behind the Internet's Anti-Democracy Movement Rosie Gray Feb 10, 2017 How to Build an Autocracy David Frum Jan 30, 2017 The Universe Is as Spooky as Einstein Thought Natalie Wolchover Feb 10, 2017 Who Will Be the First Victim of White House Chaos? David A. Graham Feb 10, 2017 Michael Flynn's Debacle David Frum Feb 10, 2017 Anna Wiener March 2017 Issue Business Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Reviews Valley of the Gods: A Silicon Valley Story By Alexandra Wolfe Simon & Schuster In late 2010, during a fireside chat at the tech-industry conference TechCrunch Disrupt, the venture capitalist and entrepreneur Peter Thiel disclosed that he would award 20 enterprising teenagers $100,000 apiece over two years to bypass college in favor of entrepreneurship. “Stopping out,” Thiel called it. Having decried student debt (not to mention universities’ inculcation of political correctness), he endeavored to make the case that college was a limiting and outdated model. The Thiel Fellowship, as it came to be known, was representative of a particular strain of anti-establishmentarianism in tech-industry culture. Who needs higher education? In Valley of the Gods: A Silicon Valley Story, Alexandra Wolfe, a reporter for The Wall Street Journal, zooms in on a handful of Thiel fellows from the 2011 inaugural class. Among them are John Burnham, an antsy teen who has his sights set on asteroid-mining robots; Laura Deming, a prodigy working on life extension; and James Proud, who founded GigLocator, an app for locating tickets to live concerts, and sold the company in 2012. As the fellows adjust to their new environs in the Bay Area, Wolfe follows them into a constellation of mentors and affiliates, subcultures and institutions—“Silicon Valley’s elite and underbelly.” Her goal is a portrait of the tech industry as “a new social order, one with an anti-‘society’ aesthetic that has taken on a singular style.” Wolfe is an entertaining writer, if not an outstanding prose stylist, and she largely lets her subjects speak for themselves, skimping on broader context. Her subjects, mostly entrepreneurs, founders, and figureheads, are indisputably more elite than underbelly, but no matter. From the futurist and author Ray Kurzweil to Todd Huffman—a biologist, an early participant in the now-defunct San Francisco “intentional community” Langton Labs, and an aspiring cryogenically preserved corpse—Wolfe lands on characters who are vibrant and open-minded, each deserving of more inquiry than a 250-page book allows. The line between “tech company” and “regular company” continues to blur. Through visits to start-up incubators, communal-living groups in mansions, and polyamorous households on Paleo diets, Wolfe constructs an argument that in Silicon Valley, “institutions and routines such as raises, rents, mortgages—marriage—were as inconsequential, breakable, and flexible as the industries technology disrupted.” She deploys her anecdotes to serve her vision of the culture as a reaction to “the East Coast’s hierarchy,” as well as its foil. She pokes fun at the tech industry’s own self-aggrandizing fetishes while also affirming them. Incubators are “a sort of West Coast Ivy League,” a fast track to access and social capital. Millennials prefer the “freedom” of Silicon Valley to the “old world” of the East Coast. Gone is Wall Street’s uniform of Thomas Pink and Tiffany; in its stead, “the only outward signs of tech success are laptops and ideas.” Pitting East against West even gets ontological. Using New York City hedge-fund managers as an example, Wolfe writes that the “retrowealth” of the East Coast is “a harkening back to what it was to be human last century.” Silicon Valley, by contrast, has trained its sights on how to “disrupt, transgress, and reengineer … humanity as a whole.” Wolfe’s book spans five years, but the bulk of her reporting appears to be from 2011 and 2012. And a lot happened in the years between the cocky-nerd drama of 2010’s The Social Network and the first quarter of 2016, which brought zero initial public offerings from tech companies. In 2012, new start-ups were flush with money and the tech sphere was overwhelmed by ardent media coverage; the verb disrupt was elbowing its way into vernacular prominence and had not yet become a cliché. Facebook’s IPO was not only record-setting but a flag in the ground, and the West Coast seemed a hopeful counternarrative in an otherwise flailing economy. Stories about Silicon Valley were imbued with a certain awe that, today, is starting to fade. Since the genre’s takeoff in the late 1990s, during the first dot-com boom, writing about the tech industry has traditionally fallen into a few limited camps: buzzy and breathless blog posts pegged to product announcements, suspiciously redolent of press releases; technophobic and scolding accounts heralding the downfall of society via smartphone; dry business reporting; and lifestyle coverage zeroing in on the trappings, trends, and celebrities of the tech scene. In different ways, each neglects to examine the industry’s cultural clout and political economy. This tendency is shifting, as the line between “tech company” and “regular company” continues to blur (even Walmart has an innovation lab in the Bay Area). Founders and their publicists would have you believe that this is a world of pioneers and utopians, cowboy coders and hero programmers. But as tech becomes more pervasive, coverage that unquestioningly echoes the mythologizing impulse is falling out of fashion. Portraying Silicon Valley’s powerful as “uber-nerds” is reductive and unhelpful. The backlash is unsurprising. Accelerated, venture-capital-fueled success is bound to inspire more than just wonder. In the past year alone, three Silicon Valley darlings—Hampton Creek, Theranos, and Zenefits—have been subject to painful debunking by the media. Thiel’s own reputation, always controversial, has come into question since his financing of a lawsuit that shuttered Gawker and his emergence as an avid Donald Trump supporter. Valley of the Gods, which opens with a tribute to Thiel and the “counterintuitive idealism” he aimed to encourage, feels like a time capsule from a previous iteration of tech media, a reminder of the sort of narratives that have contributed to growing impatience with the mythos. Valley of the Gods is fine as an artifact hurtled from a more innocent time, as far as scene-driven reportage is concerned. But what feels like a throwback perspective takes a toll on the larger argument of Wolfe’s book. She relies at every turn on stereotypes such as “Asperger’s Chic” and “engineering geeks [who]barely knew how to make friends or navigate a cocktail party, let alone be politically manipulative.” Statements like “Only the young and ambitious who grew up with the computer saw it for what it might become” aren’t just vaguely ageist, but also ahistorical. (What the computer has thus far “become” is only one version of many potential outcomes and visions.) Peter Thiel’s friends, in her summation, are part of “a whole new world of often-wacky people and ideas that didn’t seem to subscribe to any set principles or social awareness.” Leaning on Silicon Valley tropes, Wolfe fails to take her subjects—and their economic and political influence, which has only increased over the past five years—seriously. From Our March 2017 Issue Try 2 FREE issues of The Atlantic Subscribe She also undercuts her own point about the disruptive ethos of the place. “Today’s uber-nerds are like the robber barons of the industrial revolution whose steel and automobile manufacturing capabilities changed entire industries,” she writes. “But instead of massive factories and mills, they’re doing it with little buttons.” Portraying Silicon Valley’s powerful as “uber-nerds” who struck it rich is as reductive and unhelpful as referring to technology that integrates personal payment information and location tracking as “little buttons.” The effect is not only to protect them behind the shield of presumed harmlessness, but also to exempt them from the scrutiny that their economic and political power should invite. The sort of mythology that celebrates a small handful of visionaries and co-founders blurs important social realities. Technology has always been a collective project. The industry is also cyclical. Many failed ideas have been resuscitated and rebranded as successful products and services, owned and managed by people other than their originators. Behind almost every popular app or website today lie numerous shadow versions that have been sloughed away by time. Yet recognition of the group nature of the enterprise would undermine a myth that legitimizes the consolidation of profit, for the most part, among a small group of people. If technology belongs to the people only insofar as the people are consumers, we beneficiaries had better believe that luminaries and pioneers did something so outrageously, so individually innovative that the concentration of capital at the top is deserved. When founders pitch their companies, or inscribe their origin stories into the annals of TechCrunch, they neglect to mention some of the most important variables of success: luck, timing, connections, and those who set the foundation for them. The industry isn’t terribly in touch with its own history. It clings tight to a faith in meritocracy: This is a spaceship, and we built it by ourselves. After four years of working in tech, almost all of which were spent at start-ups in San Francisco, I’ll happily acknowledge that the industry contains multitudes: biohackers and anti-aging advocates, high-flying techno-utopians and high-strung co-founders, polyamorous couples and M.B.A.s. But they’re just people, and their lifestyle choices are usually in the minority. They’re not a new social order. Even if they were, plenty of people just like them live in New York City, too. Simon & Schuster Valley of the Gods is journalism, not ethnography. As with any caricature, the world depicted in its pages is largely an exaggeration—even, in some cases, a fantasy—but certain dimensions ring true, and loudly. It’s important to note what Wolfe gets right. This is a culture that champions acceleration, optimization, and efficiency. From communication to attire, some things are more casual than they are on the East Coast, and people seem to be happier for it. Irreverence is often rewarded. This is far from punk rock (the irreverence is often in the name of building financially successful corporations), but experimentation is encouraged. Silicon Valley is hardly a meritocracy—diversity metrics make that clear, and old-school credentials and pedigree still have clout out west—but it’s more meritocratic than other, older industries like consulting or finance. Few women figure in Wolfe’s book, which also feels accurate, especially at the higher levels. The trouble with telling “a Silicon Valley story” is that the real stories are not just more nuanced and moderate but also relatively boring. Many people working in technology are legitimately inspiring, but they don’t necessarily gravitate toward flashy projects, and won’t be found strolling across a ted stage. If they fail, they may not fail up, and they certainly won’t write a Medium post afterward in an attempt to micromanage their personal brand or reconfigure the narrative. The other, less flattering truth is that the difference between the East and West Coasts is not fundamentally all that great. The tech industry owes a huge debt to the financial sector. Wolfe is eager to depict Silicon Valley as the new New York, but much of the money that funds venture-capital firms comes from investors who made their fortunes on Wall Street. (The tech industry also owes a great debt to “Main Street”: Private-equity funds regularly include allocations from public pension plans and universities.) Cultural differences abound, but they’re not a function of the tech industry. They’re a function of history, of the deeply entrenched cultural and social circumstances that slowly come to define a place. As the mythology gets worn away, the contours of the Valley become easier to see. The view, though less glamorous, still offers plenty to behold. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video The Crippling Fear of Everlasting Life While many dream of an afterlife, people with apeirophobia are terrified of eternal existence. Caitlin Cadieux and Daniel Lombroso Feb 8, 2017 About the Author Anna Wiener is a writer based in San Francisco. Her work has appeared in the New Republic, Pacific Standard, and The Paris Review. Most Popular Presented by Kevin Lamarque / Reuters Behind the Internet's Anti-Democracy Movement Rosie Gray White House chief strategist Steve Bannon is reportedly a reader of neoreactionary political theory. A tour through the pro-authoritarian philosophy gaining visibility on the right. White House chief strategist Steve Bannon has been in contact via intermediaries with Curtis Yarvin, Politico Magazine reported this week. Yarvin, a software engineer and blogger, writes under the name Mencius Moldbug. His anti-egalitarian arguments have formed the basis for a movement called “neoreaction.” The main thrust of Yarvin’s thinking is that democracy is a bust; rule by the people doesn’t work, and doesn’t lead to good governance. He has described it as an “ineffective and destructive” form of government, which he associates with “war, tyranny, destruction and poverty.” Yarvin’s ideas, along with those of the English philosopher Nick Land, have provided a structure of political theory for parts of the white-nationalist movement calling itself the alt-right. The alt-right can be seen as a political movement; neoreaction, which adherents refer to as NRx, is a philosophy. At the core of that philosophy is a rejection of democracy and an embrace of autocratic rule. Continue Reading Jeffrey Smith How to Build an Autocracy David Frum The preconditions are present in the U.S. today. Here’s the playbook Donald Trump could use to set the country down a path toward illiberalism. It’s 2021, and President Donald Trump will shortly be sworn in for his second term. The 45th president has visibly aged over the past four years. He rests heavily on his daughter Ivanka’s arm during his infrequent public appearances. Fortunately for him, he did not need to campaign hard for reelection. His has been a popular presidency: Big tax cuts, big spending, and big deficits have worked their familiar expansive magic. Wages have grown strongly in the Trump years, especially for men without a college degree, even if rising inflation is beginning to bite into the gains. The president’s supporters credit his restrictive immigration policies and his TrumpWorks infrastructure program. Listen to the audio version of this article:Download the Audm app for your iPhone to listen to more titles. Continue Reading Olena Shmahalo / Quanta Magazine The Universe Is as Spooky as Einstein Thought Natalie Wolchover In a brilliant new experiment, physicists have confirmed one of the most mysterious laws of the cosmos. There might be no getting around what Albert Einstein called “spooky action at a distance.” With an experiment described this week in Physical Review Letters—a feat that involved harnessing starlight to control measurements of particles shot between buildings in Vienna—some of the world’s leading cosmologists and quantum physicists are closing the door on an intriguing alternative to “quantum entanglement.” “Technically, this experiment is truly impressive,” said Nicolas Gisin, a quantum physicist at the University of Geneva who has studied this loophole around entanglement. Continue Reading Carlos Barria / Reuters Who Will Be the First Victim of White House Chaos? David A. Graham Michael Flynn reportedly misled the vice president about conversations with Russia. Sean Spicer has never found his stride. Kellyanne Conway is in Congress’s sights. Welcome to Survivor: West Wing. It is a truth universally peddled by wisemen and -women in Washington, though not necessarily obeyed by presidents, that when the White House is in trouble, the best cure is to hoist the head of an adviser on a spike of the fence encircling the executive mansion. Firing—sorry, accepting the resignation of—an adviser makes for an easy way to demonstrate that the administration understands it has a problem and is working to fix it. That person doesn’t necessarily need to be the root of the problem, though it’s helpful if they’re at least somewhat involved. Other times, some bad press offers a useful pretext for pushing out someone who was already on thin ice. Continue Reading Yuri Gripas / Reuters Michael Flynn's Debacle David Frum Trump’s national security adviser’s potentially false statements about his pre-inauguration contacts with Russian officials are a major scandal. “This reminds me of the run-up to Iran- Contra.” The person offering that gloomy observation was a veteran of many years in and around the US defense community. Unusually for a person with such a background, he had been a Trump supporter even during the Republican primaries. Now, though, he was worried. The new National Security Council leadership was taking form—and he feared he saw history repeating itself. “The National Security Council,” he warned, “is not one executive body. It is a deliberative body.” But the new national security adviser, General Michael Flynn, obviously hungered to carry out policy, not merely preside over policy formation. That way lay the disaster that had befallen Reagan's national security advisers Bud Macfarlane and John Poindexter in the 1980s, who were convicted of lying to Congress about the administration selling arms to Iran to finance anti-communist militants in Nicaragua. Continue Reading Doane Gregory / Universal Studios Fifty Shades Darker: A Spoilereview Christopher Orr A blow-by-blow recounting of an awful, retrograde sequel “I want you back. We can renegotiate terms.” Ah, love. The above line is delivered to Anastasia Steele by Christian Grey near the beginning of Fifty Shades Darker, the second movie adaptation of the trilogy of zillion-selling erotic novels by Erika Mitchell (pen name E. L. James). But one imagines similar words being spoken by executives of Universal Pictures to Mitchell herself following the completion of the first installment in the series, Fifty Shades of Grey. That film was directed by the respected artist Sam (short for Samantha) Taylor-Johnson, and she and Mitchell reportedly fought over almost every aspect of the production, the latter having been granted uncommon creative control when she signed over the rights to her books. The result was a very bad movie, but one considerably less bad than the book it was based on. Continue Reading Daron Dean / Reuters Conflict Over Trump Forces Out an Opinion Editor at The Wall Street Journal Rosie Gray The departure follows weeks of reports of tension on the paper's news side about how to cover Trump. The Wall Street Journal’s editorial features editor has left the paper following tensions over the section drifting in a pro-Donald Trump direction. News of the departure of Mark Lasswell, who edited op-eds for the Journal, comes as the paper’s internal tensions over Trump have begun to spill into public view. The reliably hawkish, pro-trade, small government conservative Journal op-ed page has been challenged by the rise of the populist, nationalist Trump movement. The Journal’s opinion pages have been a showcase for the intra-right divide over Trump, featuring Trump-sympathetic writers like Bill McGurn alongside anti-Trump columnists such as Bret Stephens. Lasswell appears to be a casualty of that divide, and his dismissal a victory for the pro-Trump faction on the editorial staff. Continue Reading Mike Blake / Reuters 'Give Us Your Passwords' Kaveh Waddell What happens if border agents are allowed to demand access to your phone and online accounts—and turn you away if you don’t comply? “What sites do you visit? And give us your passwords.” That’s what U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly wants foreign visitors to hear before they’re allowed to enter the United States. “If they don’t want to give us that information, then they don’t come,” he said, while testifying in front of the House Homeland Security Committee on Tuesday. The suggestion was met with horror among privacy advocates. “With that kind of access, they can not only see what you’ve publicly posted, but things you haven't posted yet, private messages, private lists, they can impersonate you, and even do these things on accident,” wrote Joseph Lorenzo Hall, the chief technologist at the Center for Democracy and Technology, on his website. “This kind of access is profoundly invasive.” Continue Reading Michal Novotný How Your Cat Is Making You Crazy Kathleen McAuliffe Jaroslav Flegr is no kook. And yet, for years, he suspected his mind had been taken over by parasites that had invaded his brain. So the prolific biologist took his science-fiction hunch into the lab. What he’s now discovering will startle you. Could tiny organisms carried by house cats be creeping into our brains, causing everything from car wrecks to schizophrenia? No one would accuse Jaroslav Flegr of being a conformist. A self-described “sloppy dresser,” the 53-year-old Czech scientist has the contemplative air of someone habitually lost in thought, and his still-youthful, square-jawed face is framed by frizzy red hair that encircles his head like a ring of fire. Certainly Flegr’s thinking is jarringly unconventional. Starting in the early 1990s, he began to suspect that a single-celled parasite in the protozoan family was subtly manipulating his personality, causing him to behave in strange, often self-destructive ways. And if it was messing with his mind, he reasoned, it was probably doing the same to others. The parasite, which is excreted by cats in their feces, is called Toxoplasma gondii (T. gondii or Toxo for short) and is the microbe that causes toxoplasmosis—the reason pregnant women are told to avoid cats’ litter boxes. Since the 1920s, doctors have recognized that a woman who becomes infected during pregnancy can transmit the disease to the fetus, in some cases resulting in severe brain damage or death. T. gondii is also a major threat to people with weakened immunity: in the early days of the AIDS epidemic, before good antiretroviral drugs were developed, it was to blame for the dementia that afflicted many patients at the disease’s end stage. Healthy children and adults, however, usually experience nothing worse than brief flu-like symptoms before quickly fighting off the protozoan, which thereafter lies dormant inside brain cells—or at least that’s the standard medical wisdom. Continue Reading Mike Segar / Reuters Trump Tried to Intimidate the Judges Over His Ban, and He Failed Garrett Epps Presidents have thought before that they could roll those wimpy-looking nerds with their gavels and robes. It usually doesn’t work out all that well. “Make this one out of cast-iron,” the late Judge John Butzner said to me one day in chambers. “There are going to be a lot of weasels sniffing around it.” I was Butzner’s clerk. He was assigning me to draft an opinion in a case on an abstruse point of federal law. No court had ever decided this particular question—and a lot of money was riding on the answer. Some judges on the Fourth Circuit would object to the result his panel had reached. Once Butzner’s opinion was published, they might try to persuade the other judges to rehear the case “en banc”—meaning on a bench including all members of the Circuit. It was a high-stress assignment, even though he gave me all the time I needed. Imagine the atmosphere in chambers this week as three Ninth Circuit judges and their clerks worked frantically to produce an opinion in Washington v. Trump—the case testing the constitutionality of President Trump’s executive orderbanning refugees from around the  world, and all visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries. Continue Reading Can It Happen Here? Daniel Lombroso and David Frum David Frum on Donald Trump's authoritarian tendencies Watch Video What Will Happen to Undocumented Doctors? Jeremy Raff Meet the Dreamers who are one executive action away from losing everything. Watch Video The Atlantic Why Every Year Feels Shorter Than the Last James Hamblin and Nicolas Pollock We asked a time expert. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Business Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad >
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Tempo Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds log in Woman who observed traffic stop of black driver by white troopers on trial Wednesday Feb 8, 2017 at 3:08 PM Feb 8, 2017 at 6:18 PM Vickie Aldous Mail Tribune @VickieAldous An Ashland woman who parked on the shoulder of Interstate 5 to observe two white Oregon State Police troopers and a black driver is on trial after she refused orders to leave. Keely Meagan, 55, said she stopped because nationwide news about police officers injuring and killing black people had made her fear for the black driver's safety. "It felt at the time like the life of every black person pulled over by a police officer was at risk," Meagan said during her one-day trial Wednesday. Meagan faces a misdemeanor charge of interfering with a peace officer by refusing to obey a lawful order. She also was ticketed for alleged illegal stopping, standing or parking — a violation. Jackson County Circuit Judge David Hoppe will issue his ruling in the case Thursday. Meagan waived her right to a jury trial. On Sept. 8, 2016, an OSP trooper stopped the black driver and his passenger on I-5 near Exit 27 on the south side of Medford. Trooper Marc Williams then arrived to help handle the suspected case of driving under the influence of intoxicants. The driver admitted he had consumed marijuana within the last hour and consented to field sobriety tests, which he passed. The driver was not charged with DUII, but a tow truck was called to impound his vehicle because he was driving without insurance, according to court testimony. Meagan was driving on I-5 and did not see the field sobriety tests, but she testified she saw the driver with his hands on his head with the two troopers. She testified the driver appeared to be in a "vulnerable" position. Meagan parked on the I-5 shoulder behind the troopers, the driver and his passenger. She turned on her hazard lights, according to court testimony. "My intention simply was to observe. I was sending a nonverbal message to the officers and the young man that someone cared," Meagan said, adding that she wanted the officers to be on their best behavior. She said Williams demanded that she leave several times and threatened to arrest her and have her vehicle towed. "It made me wonder what he was trying to hide," Meagan said. Meagan testified she offered to park farther off the edge of I-5, but the trooper said that wouldn't work. He suggested she park at Walmart, but Meagan believed the situation would be over before she could walk back to continue observing. For his part, Williams said he told Meagan that parking her vehicle on the edge of I-5 was creating a safety hazard. He noted she was about 200 feet from an off-ramp and there was heavy rush-hour traffic on the interstate. "I advised her I was not opposed to her observing our traffic stop, but she needs to find a safer place to pull over," Williams testified. Williams said Meagan offered to drive onto a grassy slope, but he was concerned she could get stuck, creating an additional safety problem. Williams said Meagan's vehicle, which he described as a van, also may have been blocking the view of other drivers, who may not have been able to see the emergency lights flashing from his Dodge Charger patrol car. Meagan countered that her vehicle is a Pontiac Vibe and is about 5 feet tall. The Vibe is a hatchback automobile. Williams said he was not able to focus his attention on the driver and passenger, who were the subjects of the traffic stop. "I felt like I'm having to divide my attention between the defendant and the two subjects, who were becoming increasingly agitated. It was a safety concern, because I had to go talk to her," he said. Williams said while he was talking to Meagan, the other trooper had to deal with the two occupants of the stopped vehicle by himself. Also while he was talking to Meagan, he said, a passing truck with a travel trailer screeched its tires as the tires locked up. Williams said he pointed out to Meagan the danger of the passing truck and trailer. He said such dangers were exactly why he asked her to leave and park in a safer location. Williams said Meagan told him it is her duty to stop every time she sees a black man pulled over by police. Meagan said she needs to make sure drivers who are pulled over are safe, but Williams told her it is the duty of troopers to keep such drivers safe. On the verge of tears, Meagan testified she was compelled to stop because she didn't want to learn later that the man had been killed, or wonder the next day whether he was still alive. Long an environmental and social justice activist, Meagan is the author of the online essay "How Whites Can Say 'Black Lives Matter,'" which she posted in 2015. The courtroom was crowded with her supporters on Wednesday. Also a driver education teacher, Meagan said she stopped despite her fears she could lose her job. She testified the I-5 shoulder is a place to pull over in case of emergencies or other serious circumstances. "It's not a place to use lightly, but it is a place that is available to you if you need it," she said. Meagan said she teaches people to drive safely and would never encourage them to defy a police officer. Under cross examination by Jackson County Deputy District Attorney Jordan Bailey, Meagan said she saw no guns, saw no physical violence and didn't see anyone in handcuffs when she stopped. "There was no immediate threat to this individual," Bailey said of the driver who had been pulled over by troopers. "She was going off a gut feeling." Meagan said the role of a police officer includes keeping people safe and enforcing the rules of the road. Meagan said after watching an OSP video of the incident, she understood why the troopers were concerned about the situation. In her closing argument, defense attorney Lisa Janoski said Meagan was not creating a danger by stopping temporarily on the side of I-5 with her hazard lights on. She said Meagan had a right to observe the situation. "She was there to make a statement. She was there to protect an African-American," Janoski said. Bailey closed the prosecution's case by saying Meagan had constitutionally protected rights to observe the situation — but not when she was creating a danger for herself, the driver and passenger who were stopped, the troopers and passing motorists. She never would have been charged if she had been in a safe spot, Bailey said. "We need to preserve Ms. Meagan's rights, but we also need to make sure law enforcement can do its job," he said. — Reach staff reporter Vickie Aldous at 541-776-4486 or valdous@mailtribune.com. Follow her at www.twitter.com/VickieAldous. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements Obituaries Story ideas Since you asked Alerts Email Alerts RSS Feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Mail Tribune Daily Tidings The Nickel Shop Our Valley Blogs Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MailTribune.com ~ P.O. Box 1108, Medford, OR 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime, Courts and Emergency Services Education Environment State News Obituaries Weather Photo Galleries Politics and Elections Since You Asked Mail Tribune 100 Shareable Databases Sports College Sports Pro Sports Community Sports Prep Notebook Auto Racing Obituaries Business Real Estate News People In Business Transportation Agriculture Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Guest Opinions Lifestyle Food Home and Garden Health Hiking Biking Faith Milestones and Achievements Columnist for a Day Rogue Healthy Aging Tempo Theater Music Community Events Movies Dining More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs TV Listings Movie Listings Oregon Outdoors Oregon Healthy Living Special Sections Contests Branded Content Submit Your Announcements Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber controls Subscribe Email Alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Advertising contacts Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Daryoosh Khashayar – Delivered a $61,587,000.00 jury verdict for his law firm’s client. He has Litigated against large companies such as Loyds of London, Geico, Costco and Walmart in past cases. California business and personal injury attorney is poised to help in business litigation matters San Diego, California – A legal luminary per excellence, Daryoosh Khashayar of Khashayar Law Group has got all to offer in ensuring business, personal injury, litigation, DUI and DWI, criminal defense and real estate legal matters are efficiently handled. With a unique commitment to ensuring the best of outcomes in every legal matter overseen, Daryoosh Khashayar of Khashayar Law Group, never rests on his oars in ensuring credibility and professionalism are benchmarks while on his job. A skilled and opinionated professional, Mr. Khashayar has represented and successfully litigated breach of contract, fraud, as well as other tort claims, against big corporations and insurance companies, such as Loyds of London, Century 21, KB Homes, Walmart, First American Title Co., Progressive, and Geico Insurance, as well as Costco, just to name a few. Furthermore, he has effectively represented major lenders, brokers, mortgage companies, and local small to median sized businesses/companies in the region. Mr. Khashayar also has won a case of Asbaghi v. Nydiggar et. al. Case Number 37-2013-00066639-CU-PN-CTL in San Diego Central Courthouse, Department 74, presided by Honorable Judge Kevin Enright, which set a record in the city. To date, the legal team at Khashayar Law Group has received the largest single case jury verdicts in San Diego. After one month of litigation, the jury ruled in Khashayar’s client’s favor, with a jury verdict of $61,587,000.00 on September of 2016. Daryoosh Khashayar has a knack for excellent trial and legal service delivery. Focusing on Business Contracts and Civil litigation: Legal Challenges California Businesses Experience, Drafting Corporate Documents, as well as helping his clients understand and execute complex transactions. Accolades have kept pouring in as regards the outstanding results achieved while engaging the legal service of Daryoosh Khashayar. In the words of Iraj Saba, ‘I have had the honor to know Mr. Daryoosh Khashayar through a business matter. He demonstrated utmost skill of professionalism, trustworthiness, reliability and his knowledge in my matter. He can be a source of inspiration and hope for the Iranian and American community as well. I should say with confidence that he is a new phenomenon in the business of law.’ More about Daryoosh Khashayar: After so many people had endlessly searched for reliable and efficient attorneys to help defend high profile business litigation cases, there was a need for the establishment of Khashayar Law Group. Licensed over 11 years ago (2005), Daryoosh Khashayar, establishing partner and attorney at the Khashayar Law Group, has provided years of complex litigation experience, and trial and appeal practice. As a trial lawyer he has represented plaintiffs and defendants in business, real property, and Corporate, Partnership and many Business and Civil litigation matters all throughout California. Mr. Khashayar, ranked among the best lawyers in San Diego, and can be reached at the website address http://mysdlawyer.com Don’t forget to subscribe, follow and like Khashayar Law Group on Facebook. (do you have other social media sites for KLG?) Mr. Khashayar is also the founder of LOKK for Epilepsy, which is a non-profit organization dedicated to raising awareness and money for research for Epilepsy. LOKK for Epilepsy is dedicated to Koorosh Khashayar (Daryoosh’s brother) who passed away on September of 2015 as a result of a seizure. lokk4epilepsy.com has been created and dedicated to the cause. LOKK for Epilepsy is a non-profit foundation founded by Daryoosh Khashayar, dedicated to his brother Koorosh Khashayar who passed away in 2015 from a seizure. LOKK for Epilepsy is dedicated to raise awareness and raise funds for people with Epilepsy. Daryoosh Khashayar has received multiple Judgements and Settlements while working for Khashayar Law Group, some of those cases are a $1.25 Million Settlement on a Title insurance fraud case; $750,000.00 Settlement for Insurance Fraud Claim; $648,000.00 Judgment on a Breach of contract and Fraud Case; $178,000.00 Jury Verdict on a Business Fraud and Breach of Contract case: and $205,000.00 Jury Verdict on a simple rear end collision with little medical bills. Media Contact Company Name: Khashayar Law Group Contact Person: Daryoosh Khashayar Email: Send Email Phone: (760) 806-4388 City: San Diego State: California Country: United States Website: http://mysdlawyer.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, defend, defense, honor, injury, Law & Legal, Legal, major, Professional Services, Public Affairs, service, Services, U.S. Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New app could prevent death and injury of some children Next PostNext Pengrowth Announces Resignation of Director Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Daryoosh Khashayar – Delivered a $61,587,000.00 jury verdict for his law firm’s client. He has Litigated against large companies such as Loyds of London, Geico, Costco and Walmart in past cases. California business and personal injury attorney is poised to help in business litigation matters San Diego, California – A legal luminary per excellence, Daryoosh Khashayar of Khashayar Law Group has got all to offer in ensuring business, personal injury, litigation, DUI and DWI, criminal defense and real estate legal matters are efficiently handled. With a unique commitment to ensuring the best of outcomes in every legal matter overseen, Daryoosh Khashayar of Khashayar Law Group, never rests on his oars in ensuring credibility and professionalism are benchmarks while on his job. A skilled and opinionated professional, Mr. Khashayar has represented and successfully litigated breach of contract, fraud, as well as other tort claims, against big corporations and insurance companies, such as Loyds of London, Century 21, KB Homes, Walmart, First American Title Co., Progressive, and Geico Insurance, as well as Costco, just to name a few. Furthermore, he has effectively represented major lenders, brokers, mortgage companies, and local small to median sized businesses/companies in the region. Mr. Khashayar also has won a case of Asbaghi v. Nydiggar et. al. Case Number 37-2013-00066639-CU-PN-CTL in San Diego Central Courthouse, Department 74, presided by Honorable Judge Kevin Enright, which set a record in the city. To date, the legal team at Khashayar Law Group has received the largest single case jury verdicts in San Diego. After one month of litigation, the jury ruled in Khashayar’s client’s favor, with a jury verdict of $61,587,000.00 on September of 2016. Daryoosh Khashayar has a knack for excellent trial and legal service delivery. Focusing on Business Contracts and Civil litigation: Legal Challenges California Businesses Experience, Drafting Corporate Documents, as well as helping his clients understand and execute complex transactions. Accolades have kept pouring in as regards the outstanding results achieved while engaging the legal service of Daryoosh Khashayar. In the words of Iraj Saba, ‘I have had the honor to know Mr. Daryoosh Khashayar through a business matter. He demonstrated utmost skill of professionalism, trustworthiness, reliability and his knowledge in my matter. He can be a source of inspiration and hope for the Iranian and American community as well. I should say with confidence that he is a new phenomenon in the business of law.’ More about Daryoosh Khashayar: After so many people had endlessly searched for reliable and efficient attorneys to help defend high profile business litigation cases, there was a need for the establishment of Khashayar Law Group. Licensed over 11 years ago (2005), Daryoosh Khashayar, establishing partner and attorney at the Khashayar Law Group, has provided years of complex litigation experience, and trial and appeal practice. As a trial lawyer he has represented plaintiffs and defendants in business, real property, and Corporate, Partnership and many Business and Civil litigation matters all throughout California. Mr. Khashayar, ranked among the best lawyers in San Diego, and can be reached at the website address http://mysdlawyer.com Don’t forget to subscribe, follow and like Khashayar Law Group on Facebook. (do you have other social media sites for KLG?) Mr. Khashayar is also the founder of LOKK for Epilepsy, which is a non-profit organization dedicated to raising awareness and money for research for Epilepsy. LOKK for Epilepsy is dedicated to Koorosh Khashayar (Daryoosh’s brother) who passed away on September of 2015 as a result of a seizure. lokk4epilepsy.com has been created and dedicated to the cause. LOKK for Epilepsy is a non-profit foundation founded by Daryoosh Khashayar, dedicated to his brother Koorosh Khashayar who passed away in 2015 from a seizure. LOKK for Epilepsy is dedicated to raise awareness and raise funds for people with Epilepsy. Daryoosh Khashayar has received multiple Judgements and Settlements while working for Khashayar Law Group, some of those cases are a $1.25 Million Settlement on a Title insurance fraud case; $750,000.00 Settlement for Insurance Fraud Claim; $648,000.00 Judgment on a Breach of contract and Fraud Case; $178,000.00 Jury Verdict on a Business Fraud and Breach of Contract case: and $205,000.00 Jury Verdict on a simple rear end collision with little medical bills. Media Contact Company Name: Khashayar Law Group Contact Person: Daryoosh Khashayar Email: Send Email Phone: (760) 806-4388 City: San Diego State: California Country: United States Website: http://mysdlawyer.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, defend, defense, honor, injury, Law & Legal, Legal, major, Professional Services, Public Affairs, service, Services, U.S. Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New app could prevent death and injury of some children Next PostNext Pengrowth Announces Resignation of Director Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business updated: 2/9/2017 11:10 AM Aldi spends big on upscale look, but will keep downscale prices Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Rick West/rwest@dailyherald.comDiscount grocery store chain Aldi is spending $1.6 billion to upgrade 1,300 U.S. stores while keeping its prices low. It's the biggest remodeling investment ever for the Batavia-based company.   By Leslie Patton Bloomberg News Batavia-based lowbrow grocer Aldi is making things a little more posh, part of a plan to steal market share from the big supermarket chains. The discounter is spending $1.6 billion to upgrade 1,300 U.S. stores while keeping its prices low. It's the biggest remodeling investment ever by Aldi U.S., which is controlled by a faction of Germany's billionaire Albrecht family. "We're becoming more and more mainstream with more customers," Aldi U.S. Chief Executive Officer Jason Hart said in an interview as he toured a remodeled location in Plainfield. "We've got older stores. We need to get up to date." The remodeling comes as supermarkets are competing fiercely with Wal-Mart and Amazon to draw customers with lower prices, streamlined selections and even services like delivery. Aldi's plans may allow it to steal share from foodie favorites such as Whole Foods Market Inc. and Trader Joe's, which is controlled by a different bloc of the Albrecht clan. Aldi hopes to draw about 60 million shoppers a month by 2020, up from about 40 million currently, but it faces an uphill climb. U.S. grocery industry sales are projected to increase only 0.2 percent this year to about $612 billion, according to researcher IBISWorld. And revenue is forecast to gain 1 percent or less for the next five years after that. "There's limited growth," said Jim Sanderson, managing director at Arthur W. Wood Co., an investment firm. "For the typical U.S. grocery store, there's just too much square footage right now." Even so, there's still room for private-label chains like Aldi to expand, Sanderson said. The chain is projected to reach $12 billion in revenue this year, up from $11 billion two years ago, according to IBISWorld. "You've got under-penetration of the hard discounters, which is what Aldi is," he said. About 300 Aldi stores in the U.S. already have the new look. The upgrades include sleeker refrigerator doors and windows to bring in more natural light. The company is widening the first aisle, expanding the front of the store and raising ceilings by as much as six feet (1.8 meters). The stores also are about 20 percent larger, allowing Aldi to add more items to its quickly growing lines of organic produce, fresh meat and alcohol. The wine is housed in fancier wood fixtures with spotlights. A picture by the fresh meat shows a rare-cooked steak being cut and seasoned. "It's a modern shopping experience," Hart said. With its no-frills approach -- bag-your-own groceries, 25-cent cart rentals, giant quick-to-scan bar codes -- Aldi has managed to sell its wares for less than others. It advertises that customers can save up to 50 percent by shopping there. And the chain won't be raising its signature low prices to pay for the remodels, Hart said. "Although they are trying to add more organic options and things like that, it's important to keep the customers they have," said Madeline Hurley, an analyst at IBISWorld. "The balance is crucial." Tweet This article filed under: Business Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up News MUSIC VIDEOS FEATURES LISTS LIFESTYLE FRESHMAN SHOP Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram subscribe via RSS RiFF RAFF Shows You How to Make the Ultimate Valentine’s Day Card By Georgette Cline February 8, 2017 5:45 PM SHARE TWEET EMAIL REDDIT EMAIL REDDIT Subscribe to XXL on Valentine’s Day isn’t just for lovers; it’s for the visionaries too. The holiday celebrating love is the perfect time for some of hip-hop’s finest to flex their creativity when it comes to wining and dining their significant other. For RiFF RAFF, it’s also a moment to showcase his skills when it comes to making a Valentine’s Day Card the Jody HiGHROLLER way. The rapper, who dropped his Aquaberry Aquarius project last month, stopped by XXL to provide step-by-step instructions on how to make a greeting card without going the traditional Hallmark route. “You could go to the Walmart aisle and be like, Okay, I’ma get a… card, but why do that when you can go spend extra money and go make a card out of RiFF RAFF or Jody HiGHROLLER quotes,” he shares. The inspiration for his hip-hop Hallmark is a play on the lyrics to the track “Only in America,” off his Peach Panther album. Using scissors, glue, crystallized paper (“Some nice magentas, you got some black licorice [and] of course you got the emerald green medallions”) and a surprise addition, RiFF RAFF creates the ultimate Valentine’s Day card all while he’s dressed to impress — check out that name-engraved belt buckle and his signature red braids. Watch the Houston native in action as he puts his DIY skills to the test all in the name of love. See 15 of Hip-Hop’s Weirdest Album Titles Image of Filed Under: Feature | Riff Raff Category: News SHARE TWEET EMAIL REDDIT More Leave a comment EMAIL Print this page Pin it! REDDIT Share on Tumblr! Recommended For You ZergNet Around the Web ZergNet Best of XXL Top 5 Sneakers Coming Out This Weekend Including Adidas Yeezy Boost 350 V2 Core Black/Red, Air Jordan 5 Retro Take Flight and More Twitter Reacts to Explicit Photo of G Herbo Look-Alike Fans Choose Which Artist Will Win Best Rap Album at 2017 Grammy Awards Here Are the 2017 Hip-Hop Music Festivals You Need to See Leave a Comment Latest News Best Songs of the Week Featuring Kodak Black, Blac Youngsta and More February 10, 2017 8:57 PM Snoop Dogg Releases “Legend” Video, ‘Coolaid’ Movie Trailer February 10, 2017 8:14 PM Drake Denies Disrespecting Muslim Fans at London Show February 10, 2017 7:48 PM DJ Khaled Sued for His Song “I Got the Keys” February 10, 2017 7:08 PM J Balvin’s Hip-Hop Connection Includes Life Advice From Pharrell February 10, 2017 7:02 PM See More Worst Wardrobe Malfunctions On Stands Now Table of Contents XXL Newsletter Eye Candy The Real Chela’s Way Uses Instagram to Give the Gift That Keeps on Giving January 10, 2017 See the Hottest Women on the 2016 American Music Awards Red Carpet November 20, 2016 The Future Is Looking Bright for Model Amber Diamond October 26, 2016 Thickest Yams HOT HEADLINES 'Cash Me Ousside' Girl, Cops Responded to Home 51 Times In a Single Year (DOCUMENT + PHOTO GALLERY) Tom Brady Jersey Investigation ... Bogus Tips, Bad Video Odell Beckham Jr. Pimpin' In Paris ... Gettin' It at French Nightclub (PHOTO GALLERY) Stars and Scars -- You Be the Judge Kevin Durant Will Face EPIC HATE In OKC Return ... Says Kenny Smith (VIDEO) 'Bachelorette' Star Robby Hayes Signs Modeling Deal with Wilhelmina (PHOTO) Yasiel Puig To New Son ... Please Play A Sport, Any Sport (VIDEO + PHOTO) Mick Jagger's Custom-Made Velvet Pants Expected to Fetch More Than $10k at Auction (PHOTOS) Singer Bryson Tiller's Ex-Manager Says His New Team Screwed Him out of Money TMZ's Last Minute Valentine's Day Cards -- Print Your Own! Rappers Who Killed People The XXL Network Contact Us Advertise Privacy Welcome back to XXL Mag It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! Welcome back to XXL Mag It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://www.xxlmag.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to XXL Mag (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here XXL Mag brought to you by: Sign up for XXL Mag Register Now Sign up for XXL Mag quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! XXL Mag brought to you by: XXL Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Today’s Paper Subscriptions Newsletter Daily Deals Twin Cities Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Donald Trump tweet lashes out at Nordstrom for… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) OUR PICKS: Opening Prince’s ‘vault’ Legal weed in Minnesota? St. Paul whites, nonwhites Key questions for Twins Blair Walsh gets signed New Superior brewery DeVos stokes local debate News National & World Donald Trump tweet lashes out at Nordstrom for dropping his daughter’s apparel line Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) In this Nov. 11, 2016 file photo, Ivanka Trump, daughter of President-elect Donald Trump, arrives at Trump Tower in New York. Nordstrom shares sunk after President Trump tweeted that the department store chain had treated his daughter “so unfairly” when it announced last week that it would stop selling Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessory line. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci, File) By The Washington Post | February 8, 2017 at 4:45 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Most Popular Report: Gander Mountain preparing bankruptcy filing Legalize marijuana in Minnesota? Lawmakers want state’s voters to decide What’s happening at Hwy. 36 and Manning? Vacant Stillwater land sold Video captured Woodbury bus aide allegedly molesting 6 preschool girls SI gives Gophers a B-plus for P.J. Fleck hire. Not exactly ‘elite’ Vikings release offensive guards Brandon Fusco, Mike Harris By Sarah Halzack, (c) 2017, The Washington Post WASHINGTON – In January, days before President Donald Trump’s inauguration, his daughter Ivanka Trump declared that she’d be stepping away from her management role at the clothing and shoe brand that bears her name. And yet, on Wednesday, the president lashed out on Twitter at department store Nordstrom over its decision to stop carrying Ivanka Trump products, saying his daughter “has been treated so unfairly” by the retailing giant: “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!” The social media missive adds to a cloud of confusion swirling around the Trump administration about how the family’s business interests are colliding with Trump’s job at the White House. Sean Spicer, Trump’s press secretary, defended Trump’s tweet to reporters during a briefing on Wednesday, saying “He has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success.” Spicer also said, “This is a direct attack on his policies and her name.” Related Articles Minnesota county halts condom distribution DeVos fight stokes Minnesota’s debate over charters, school choice Fewer Minnesotans buy individual health insurance, but more use MNsure and get help paying Charles Samuelson, longtime Minnesota ACLU head, steps down Senate panel narrowly approves Real ID changes Nordstrom on Wednesday doubled down on its earlier remarks on the matter, saying the move was based on sales results, not politics. In a statement, a spokeswoman said: “To reiterate what we’ve already shared when asked, we made this decision based on performance. Over the past year, and particularly in the last half of 2016, sales of the brand have steadily declined to the point where it didn’t make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now. We’ve had a great relationship with the Ivanka Trump team. We’ve had open conversations with them over the past year to share what we’ve seen and Ivanka was personally informed of our decision in early January.” Trump’s reproach of the company comes as a growing slate of retailers appear to be backing away from the Ivanka Trump brand. Neiman Marcus is no longer offering fine jewelry from the label on its website. Belk said on Wednesday that it is no longer selling Ivanka Trump merchandise on its website, though it continues to carry it in stores. “We continually review our assortment and the performance of the brands we carry. We make adjustments as part of our normal course of business operations,” the company said in a statement. A campaign called Grab Your Wallet has been urging shoppers to boycott retailers and other companies connected with the Trump family business empire. It encourages consumers to stay away from retailers that carry Ivanka Trump products as well as businesses such as Trump wineries and golf courses. President Trump’s adult children have been visible figures in the early days of their father’s administration. Ivanka Trump was at the table last week for a gathering of the president’s Business Advisory Council, a meeting that was attended by chief executives of corporate behemoths such as Walmart, PepsiCo and IBM. Her brothers, Eric Trump and Donald Trump Jr., appeared recently at the event announcing Neil Gorsuch as President Trump’s pick for an open seat on the Supreme Court. Moves like these have had critics asking how much distance there is between the president and his family’s business empire. His sons are running the Trump Organization during his presidency. And while Ivanka has taken a “formal leave of absence” from the Trump Organization, it’s not clear that she has relinquished her financial interests in it. President Trump has declined to divest his own stake in his business. Richard Painter, a former chief White House ethics counsel under George W. Bush, called President Trump’s tweet about Nordstrom a “misuse of public office for private gains.” “I have never seen a senior administration official lash out at a particular company based upon a strictly personal grudge,” Painter said in an e-mail. Painter is a professor of corporate law at the University of Minnesota and is part of a team that has filed a lawsuit which alleges that President Trump is violating a constitutional provision known as the emoluments clause, which forbids him from accepting gifts or payments from foreign governments. The president’s criticism of Nordstrom exemplifies the uncharted territory that Corporate America finds itself in during the Trump era. During his campaign and since his election victory, Trump has not shied away from ripping into specific companies. He has criticized General Motors for making cars overseas, and suggested that an order from Boeing for a new Air Force One jet should be canceled because of its costs. Perhaps as part of an effort to keep out of Trump’s crosshairs, big names such as Walmart and Amazon.com have touted their plans for creating thousands of jobs in the United States – catnip for a president who has pledged to be the country’s “greatest jobs president.” (Jeffrey Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) Meanwhile, the fractious political climate has lit the fuse on several consumer boycotts, leaving big companies to try to unravel what these outcries actually mean for their reputations and bottom line. For example, days after President Trump signed an executive order that barred refugees and others from seven majority-Muslim nations from coming to the United States, Starbucks announced that it planned to hire 10,000 refugees. On social media, calls quickly bubbled up for consumers to boycott Starbucks. Uber, the ride-hailing company, saw more than 200,000 users delete the app from their phones after a “#DeleteUber” campaign sprang up on social media. It arose after the company said it was dropping its surge pricing during a protest at John F. Kennedy International Airport over Trump’s travel ban. Some interpreted that move that undermined a protest by taxi drivers who were staying away from the airport to show their disapproval of the ban. And while Grab Your Wallet had encouraged shoppers to boycott Nordstrom for carrying Ivanka Trump apparel, now a new round of boycott talk is simmering that targets the department store chain, this time from shoppers who are outraged with the retailer for dropping the line. — The Washington Post’s John Wagner contributed to this report. Tags:  Politics President Donald Trump The Washington Post As you comment, please be respectful of other commenters and other viewpoints. Our goal with article comments is to provide a space for civil, informative and constructive conversations. We reserve the right to remove any comment we deem to be defamatory, rude, insulting to others, hateful, off-topic or reckless to the community. See our full terms of use here. View Comments blog comments powered by Disqus More in National & World Federal agents conduct sweeping immigration enforcement raids in at least 6 states February 10, 2017, 4:22 pm   U.S. immigration authorities launched a series of raids, traffic stops and checkpoints in at least half a dozen states across the country on Thursday and Friday, sweeping up an unknown number of undocumented immigrants, immigration lawyers and advocates said. The raids, which appeared to target scores of undocumented immigrants, including those without criminal records, mark the first largescale episode... Read More Swarming crowds and hostile questions are the new normal at GOP town halls February 10, 2017, 4:15 pm   MURFREESBORO, Tenn. — Republicans in deep red congressional districts spent the week navigating massive crowds and hostile questions at their town hall meetings — an early indication of how progressive opposition movements are mobilizing against the agenda of the GOP and President Donald Trump. Angry constituents swarmed events held by Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, Rep. Diane Black, R-Tenn., Rep.... Read More Appeals court ruling upholding suspension of Trump’s travel ban is welcome news to refugees February 10, 2017, 4:01 pm BEIRUT — As news broke here Friday that the judicial suspension of President Donald Trump’s controversial immigration ban had been upheld by a higher court, Syrian refugees across the Middle East were feeling something akin to legal whiplash. Trump’s Jan. 27 order, which temporarily barred travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries and all refugees, had blindsided thousands of Syrians expecting imminent... Read More Trump drops Taiwan gambit, a relief for China’s Xi — and Asia February 10, 2017, 3:56 pm     HONG KONG — In interviews after his election win, Donald Trump wondered why he shouldn’t use the One-China policy as a bargaining chip with Beijing to get better trade terms. Three weeks into his presidency, the threat to upend U.S. policy on Taiwan — a breakaway province in China’s eyes — is off the table. The White House... Read More Report says Flynn talked sanctions with Russia, but he has “no recollection” February 10, 2017, 10:02 am WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump’s national security adviser addressed U.S. sanctions against Russia in his conversations with the country’s ambassador while President Barack Obama was still in office, a new report said, contradicting previous claims that the issue was not discussed. A Trump administration official told The Associated Press that Michael Flynn “can’t be certain” that sanctions did not come... Read More The Latest: Patriots owner joins Trump, Abe for dinner February 10, 2017, 7:43 pm WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times local): Read More Today’s Paper Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Obituaries Weather Lottery Commenting rules Special Advertising Sections Classifieds Autos Homes Jobs Pioneer Press careers Contact Us Customer service Newsroom Contacts Advertise with us Photo reprints Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Luke Sharrett/Bloomberg Whole Foods to Shrink Store Count for First Time Since 2008 by Craig Giammona @SitkaWriter More stories by Craig Giammona February 8, 2017, 4:29 PM EST February 9, 2017, 10:04 AM EST Organic chain also cuts forecast for the year as sales slide Company is still struggling to shed its high-priced image Whole Foods Market Inc., facing its worst sales slump in more than a decade, is taking a step that would have been unthinkable in its highflying days: shrinking the size of the chain. Though Whole Foods plans to open six stores during the current quarter, including two relocations, the company said Wednesday that it’s shutting down nine. That kind of retrenchment hasn’t happened since the last recession was underway in 2008. The company, which about 440 U.S. stores, also said it was abandoning its ambitious growth target and no longer plans to reach 1,200 locations as it tries to get expenses under control. Six straight quarters of declining same-store sales -- a closely watched measure -- have forced the organic-food grocer to tighten its belt. Whole Foods also gave a forecast for the current year that offered little hope of a quick recovery. “This is a company that owned the space for a long time, but there’s way too much competition now,” said Brian Yarbrough, an analyst at Edward Jones. “They’ve done several things to try and drive sales, and it’s just not working.” Same-store sales dropped 2.4 percent last quarter, worse than the 1.7 percent decrease predicted by analysts. The company now expects sales on that basis to decline as much as 2.5 percent this year, compared with an earlier forecast that was closer to break-even. “People were hoping there would be some improvement,” said Jennifer Bartashus, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. “It’s a bit concerning there’s not a reversal happening there.” Mainstream Competition Whole Foods has struggled to ward off competition from mainstream supermarkets, including Kroger Co. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc., which began offering more organic fare in recent years. And a bout of food deflation has put additional pressure on the entire industry. Some on Wall Street have been pushing Whole Foods to rein in its growth plans, and the store plan was received warmly. The stock gained 2 percent percent to $29.91 at 10:02 a.m. in New York on Thursday. Prior to the drop, it was down 4.7 percent in 2017. Responsibility for the turnaround is now squarely on John Mackey, a co-founder of the company who retook sole leadership last year. He had served as co-chief executive officer with Walter Robb until November. He has an uphill fight ahead. Same-store sales declined 3.2 percent in the current quarter through Feb. 5, a sign its troubles are worsening. The Austin, Texas-based company also said it would no longer be reporting quarter-to-date figures in future reports, meaning investors will have less to go on. Activist Threat? Whole Foods’ struggles have fueled speculation that an activist investor could take on the chain, and one of its largest shareholders is said to have to discussed agitating for sweeping changes. For years, Whole Foods offered products that were tough to find elsewhere, and the shares gave investors exposure to the fast-growing market for organic and natural food. But that advantage has eroded in recent years. With sales growth stagnating last year, Whole Foods announced $300 million in cost cuts. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up But the company is still ramping up spending elsewhere, including on marketing and technology, and that’s expected to offset the cutbacks. It also introduced a new store concept last year aimed at younger, budget-conscious consumers. So far, only three of the locations -- dubbed 365 by Whole Foods Market -- have opened on the West Coast. The company announced on Wednesday that it has signed leases for new 365 stores in Brooklyn, New York, and Oakland, California. The new concept, named after the company’s private-label brand, is seen as a way for Whole Foods to connect with shoppers who perceive the chain’s conventional stores as too pricey. Whole Foods considered turning some of the stores it was closing into 365 locations, but it wasn’t practical, Mackey said. In some cases the company wanted to “thin out” its presence in a particular market, with the hope that it benefits Whole Foods locations nearby. Some of the stores had leases coming up in 2017, and management decided to accelerate the process and close them now. The decision to shutter the nine stores will help boost profits and comparable sales, Mackey said on a conference call. The company is taking a more disciplined approach to growth but still has 80 stores in the pipeline, he said. “We cleaned up the stores we needed to clean up for the time being, and we’re looking forward to moving forward,” Mackey said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Republican Senior Statesmen Promote Carbon Tax Plan - Irish Sun Issue 042/15 Irish Sun        http://www.irishsun.com   Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Republican Senior Statesmen Promote Carbon Tax Plan VOA Wednesday 8th February, 2017 Their plan would also set 'border adjustments' based on carbon, which would result in fees for products from countries without similar carbon pricing systems. And they would seek to roll back regulations enacted under President Barack Obama, including the Clean Power Plan. So far, Trump has sent mixed signals on whether or how he will try to slow Earth's warming temperatures and rising sea levels. During the transition, Trump met with prominent climate activists Al Gore and Leonardo DiCaprio. Ivanka Trump, a close adviser to her father, has indicated interest in working on the issue. But the president has also hired oil industry champions who want to reverse Obama's efforts to rein in emissions. The White House press office did not immediately respond to request for comment. Also supporting Baker's effort are Hank Paulson, treasury secretary for former President George W. Bush; Greg Mankiw, who chaired Bush's Council of Economic Advisers; and Marty Feldstein, chairman of President Ronald Reagan's Council of Economic Advisers, according to the person familiar with the plans. Also on the list are former Wal-Mart Chairman Rob Walton; Thomas Stephenson, a partner at the venture capital firm Sequoia Capital; and Ted Halstead, founder of New America and the Climate Leadership Council. The vast majority of peer-reviewed studies and climate scientists agree the planet is warming, mostly because of man-made sources. Under Obama, the U.S. has dramatically ramped up production of renewable energy from sources like solar, in part through Energy Department grants. Sanders backed tax Some environmental activists support a tax on emissions to help transition off fossil fuels. Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders advocated for a carbon tax as part of his bid for the Democratic nomination last year. Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, never supported a tax, though she offered a slew of proposals to deal with climate change. Trump's secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, was the longtime chief executive officer of Exxon Mobil. Exxon was long considered a leading opponent of efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from burning fossil fuels. But under Tillerson's leadership, Exxon has started planning for climate change and even voiced support for a carbon tax. Trump's choice to run the Environmental Protection Agency is Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, who denies climate change science. And Trump's nominee to run the Energy Department, former Texas Governor Rick Perry, also has questioned climate science while working to promote coal-fired power in Texas. He did, however, oversee the growth of renewable power in Texas, which became a leading wind-energy producer while he was governor. Carbon tax legislation is unlikely to receive a warm welcome in the GOP-controlled Congress, where Republicans were staunchly opposed to Obama's climate agenda. Last year, Republicans in the House approved symbolic measures opposing a fee on crude oil and a carbon tax on emissions. Share this article: Back to Irish Sun Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Story Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country DUBLIN, Ireland - In a bid to expand in the country, professional services firm Accenture has announced that it will be creating 300 tech and design jobs. The additional jobs, that would be created at the company’s new incubation hub, would take the company’s total workforce in the country to over 2,200.  The company made the announcement at the official opening at ‘The Dock' - the company’s multi-disciplinary research and incubation hub. The Taoiseach, Enda Kenny, along with Accenture Chairman & CEO Pierre Nanterme opened the incubation hub that would house the new recruits in artificial intelligence, advanced analytics, the Internet of Things (IOT). It would also house industries including financial services, retail, consumer goods, life sciences and utilities. Commenting on the launch, Taoiseach Kenny said, “Accenture continues to make significant investments in Ireland, and we are delighted the company has made the country its centre of innovation, which further cements Ireland’s position globally as a technology hub. Accenture is a committed, long-term resident of these shores and we look forward to continued partnership as the company further enhances its presence in Ireland.”  With the new additions, the company aims at expanding its offerings in the technology and design areas for Dubliners.  Pierre Nanterme, Accenture’s chairman and CEO, “Our talented professionals across Ireland are imagining the future every day to solve some of the biggest challenges facing businesses, governments and consumers. We are proud to build on our long history in Ireland with today’s official opening of The Dock and investment in new jobs to drive innovation that helps our clients meet the demands of a rapidly evolving digital world.” Minister for Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation Mary Mitchell O’Connor said, “Accenture’s decision to expand its innovation capability in Ireland represents a major win for the country, providing high-value employment and opportunities for people to work on exciting projects. We have earned a great reputation for technology innovation in recent years, and The Dock will enhance our country’s credentials even further. I wish the company and employees the very best in the future.”  The Dock, which is reportedly supported by the Department of Jobs, Enterprise & Innovation through IDA Ireland is located in Dublin’s Silicon Docks.  According to reports, The Dock is one of the world’s most connected and intelligent buildings, using sensors to learn from occupant behavior, react to user feedback and allow the building to continually evolve. Martin Shanahan, Chief Executive of the IDA, said, “The Dock showcases Accenture’s depth of technology expertise in Ireland. The company’s continued investment in innovation and in its team of talented professionals greatly enhances Ireland’s position as a compelling location for global professional service firms. IDA continues to target additional investment in this key sector.” Find Irish Sun on Facebook Latest Irish Sun news Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country DUBLIN, Ireland - In a bid to expand in the country, professional services firm Accenture ... Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon DUBLIN, Ireland - In a bid to fast-track disputes on privacy, bullying and defamation - ... Scope of inquiry for Garda whistleblower to soon be widened DUBLIN, Ireland - The scope of inquiry in the smear campaign against Garda whistleblower may ... KBC bank looking to buy banking business in Ireland DUBLIN, Ireland - After making the decision to remain in Ireland, KBC Bank is now ... New direct route between U.S. and Cork to be set up CORK, Ireland - After U.S. President Donald Trump’s confirmation on having no objection to plans ... Ireland to make late call on stomach-bug victim Rory Best Italy star Parisse calls for a Six Nations miracle in Rome Irelands Best a doubt for Six Nations clash with Italy Additional Irish Sun news Sponsored by oilprice.com Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Ireland News Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon Scope of inquiry for Garda whistleblower to soon be widened KBC bank looking to buy banking business in Ireland New direct route between U.S. and Cork to be set up More Ireland News Breaking International News Report: Mexico border wall would cost $21.6 billion Three-judge panel refuses to reinstate president's travel order China to seek fingerprints of travelers soon Travelers from certain countries may be forced to give out social media passwords Gaza Health Ministry claims Israeli air strike killed two Palestinians More Breaking International News Breaking Business News Mexico’s peso strengthened by 0.6 percent against the U.S. dollar Trump discusses interest in privatizing air traffic control Current generation of men earn lesser than the previous generation Germany’s trade surplus in 2016 hits record high, exports reach 1.2 trillion euros Anthem’s bid for Cigna blocked by judge as anti-competitive More Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Radja Nainggolan expresses hatred of Juve ahead of Crotone match Fabio Capello - I rejected chance to coach PSG in 2013 Stampede before football match in Angola leaves 17 dead James Sands impresses New York City FC boss against Emelec Claudio Ranieri calls on Riyad Mahrez Jamie Vardy to start firing again More Europe Sports News Dublin News Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon Scope of inquiry for Garda whistleblower to soon be widened KBC bank looking to buy banking business in Ireland New direct route between U.S. and Cork to be set up More Dublin News Economics News Report: Mexico border wall would cost $21.6 billion Germany’s trade surplus in 2016 hits record high, exports reach 1.2 trillion euros Believe it or not Fruits vegetables tackle depression in 2 weeks Kenyas Criminalizing of Suicide Makes Things Worse for Mentally Ill Critics Say Youths in Nigeria trained in renewable energy technologies and green entrepreneurship More Economics News Belfast News Cash Me Ousside girls father speaks out Man regrets stag do stunt after getting eyelids tattooed Woman told mothers not allowed to enter beauty pageant Sturgeon apologies after MSPs IRA freedom fighters remark Derry man jailed for animal cruelty after dragging puppy like a dead weight along the ground More Belfast News Breaking Internet News Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon Trump lashes out at retail giant Nordstrom for dropping Ivanka’s line from its on-sale brands list Govt mocks Malemas ball squeeze then apologises Prosecution Service unveils national campaign against child labor More Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon Code Koalas gets state boost for 88-job KC expansion plan Soz telcos youre low priority post-Brexit says leaked gov doc Talking to Tintris Alexa speechbot might not actually be all that crazy More Web Site Development News Subscribe to our Newsletter Get the latest Irish Sun headlines delivered to your inbox. *We hate spam as much as you. Privacy Utilities News Four killed 100 injured in earthquake in southern Philippines Siemens wins order worth Rs. 101 crore from Delhi Transco Ltd. Youths in Nigeria trained in renewable energy technologies and green entrepreneurship TN Governor clarifies he didnt send any report to Home Ministry International Year of Pulses closes with call to build upon strong momentum More Utilities News Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Contact About Irish Sun News Releases Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Archived Stories © 2000 - 2017 Irish Sun - Midwest Radio Network Pty Ltd. - (LU) A division of Big News Network. All rights reserved
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business People pass by a Whole Foods Market in New York City, U.S., February 7, 2017. (BRENDAN MCDERMID/REUTERS) People pass by a Whole Foods Market in New York City, U.S., February 7, 2017. (BRENDAN MCDERMID/REUTERS) Whole Foods cuts forecast on sluggish sales growth Add to ... Reuters Published Wednesday, Feb. 08, 2017 4:35PM EST Last updated Wednesday, Feb. 08, 2017 4:52PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Whole Foods Market Inc cuts its sales and profit forecasts for the year, citing lower-than-expected sales growth and costs related to store closures. The organic and natural food grocer also said sales at established stores fell in the first quarter, declining for the sixth quarter in a row, and were on track to drop in the current quarter as well. Whole Foods’ shares fell 3.2 per cent to $28.35 in trading after the bell on Wednesday. The company said it expects sales for the year to rise 1.5 per cent or greater, compared with its previous forecast of growth of 2.5 per cent to 4.5 per cent. It cut its profit forecast for the year to $1.33 per share or greater, from its previous view of $1.42 or greater. Whole Foods has been grappling with intense competition from rivals that include Kroger Co and Wal-Mart Stores Inc as well as new competitors such as Amazon.com and meal kit provider Blue Apron. The company has been lowering prices and experimenting with its value-oriented 365 by Whole Foods Market chain, as it tries to shake its “Whole Paycheck” reputation. Whole Foods has also been streamlining its management, with co-founder John Mackey taking over as sole chief executive after Walter Robb, who had split CEO duties with Mackey for six years, stepped down last year. The company said sales at established stores fell 2.4 per cent in the first quarter ended Jan. 15. Analysts on average had expected a 1.7 per cent drop in same-store sales, according to research firm Consensus Metrix. The company said its same-store sales were down 3.2 per cent in the current quarter through Feb. 5. Whole Foods said it would not report quarter-to-date comparable store sales results going forward. Revenue rose to $4.92-billion in the first quarter from $4.83-billion a year earlier. Net income fell to $95-million, or 30 cents per share, from $157-million, or 46 cents per share. The company said it incurred a charge of about 9 cents per share in the quarter, related to Robb’s separation agreement and store closures. Whole Foods said it expects to incur an additional charge related to the closures of about 6 cents per share in the current quarter. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Donald Trump criticizes Nordstrom after retailer drops Ivanka's brand (Reuters)   WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$68.02 -1.06 (-1.53%) AMZN-QAmazon.com Inc Latest Price$827.46 +6.10 (+0.74%) KR-NKroger Co Latest Price$33.48 -0.01 (-0.03%) WFM-QWhole Foods Market Inc Latest Price$30.34 -0.01 (-0.03%) Updated February 10 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Whole Foods passes on battered Alberta retail scene Whole Foods cancels Alberta openings as Canadian expansion plan slows Shift to online shopping will transform retail in 2017 Topics Whole Foods Market Inc. Retail Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Trump offers to 'destroy career' of Texas lawmaker Report on Business This is the Bombardier aircraft that Ottawa just backed with an interest-free loan Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking Globe Drive BMW M cars not plush, powerful or special enough? You want Alpina News New Zealand races to save hundreds of beached whales News Winter storm blows into Halifax Life Dresses made of candy at Brussels chocolate fair Video Watch as newborn tiger cubs make debut at Cincinnati Zoo News Trudeau says Trump meeting will focus on 'shared approach' Report on Business Am I paying my investment adviser too much? Life No more 'Mr Tough Guy': Endurance race run for last time after thirty years Report on Business Japan's tiny car love may be sore spot for Trump ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Workers in the ‘gig’ economy face challenges in saving for retirement Report on Business Marijuana industry searches for large spaces to grow crops More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Sweet for seniors – rental properties with central locations and perks Arts Author Bharati Mukherjee wrote of immigrant lives Most popular How long can Calgary’s housing market hang on? Has Premier Christy Clark had her enough’s enough scandal? Feb. 11: Your daily horoscope Jailing Will Baker for being sick would be another act of cruelty Trump administration: Is it tragedy or is it farce? X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round Energy In-depth: Wind power now largest renewable energy source, coal poised for small rebound Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers Professor: All politics is now national, leading to ‘confrontational politics’ Arkansas Press Association chief says Senate bill, other legislation looks to water down state FOIA rules DHS drafting plan to save costs, reduce disability waiting list Senate committee OK’s bill to allow gas utilities to recoup investment costs earlier Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion Fort Smith Homebuilders group announces job training program with Fort Smith Public Schools Four state business leaders to be enshrined in the Arkansas Business Hall of Fame Video / Podcasts Rep. Crawford contends Southerner as Ag Secretary will help Arkansas, offers glimpse of Obamacare unwind AG Rutledge: State, federal medical marijuana contradictions depend on federal prosecutors Simmons Bank CEO discusses growth environment, says Dodd-Frank could be altered not repealed Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Suppliers, retailers react as categories gravitate online The Supply Side: Wal-Mart to host suppliers for two-day growth summit Coach Bielema and his borderline neurotic year The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Legislation needed for automated vehicle testing in state for the trucking industry BusinessLatest NewsTalk Politics by Jeff Della Rosa (JDellaRosa@nwabj.com) 3 days ago 80 views  Tags: autonomous trucks 0 SHARES Share Tweet While the trucking industry has embraced some autonomous vehicle technology, carriers won’t soon start hauling freight with self-driving semitrailers like the one that hauled beer on a Colorado interstate last fall. In Arkansas, the infrastructure is not in place to allow for self-driving trucks, but a form of the technology, known as platooning, could be implemented in the state if legislation allowed for it. The Arkansas Trucking Association (ATA) wants the legislation to allow for semitrailer platooning. Once engaged, the technology wirelessly syncs the lead truck to the one following, allowing the trucks to maintain a specific speed or following distance based on their load weight and to assist the drivers, such as automatically applying a truck’s brakes. Goals of platooning are improved safety and fuel economy. Legislation would be required to modify the minimum distance restriction between to vehicles, which is 200 feet, ATA President Shannon Newton said. Platooning would allow two trucks “to talk to one another” and travel together much more closely. “Platooning is not prohibited by law,” she said. Elements of platooning are similar to drafting, which is when one truck follows closely behind another to minimize wind drag, improving fuel economy. “Drafting is really not legal,” and it would likely remain illegal with the new legislation. The ATA and a technology vendor recently met with the Arkansas Highway Police, a division of the Arkansas Highway and Transportation Department, to discuss possible legislation that would provide for an exception to the minimum following distance requirement “but only when certain safety and technical requirements have been met,” said Danny Straessle, public information officer for the highway department. “We will be watching with great interest that which is put forth [in the legislature] by the Arkansas Trucking Association. We are waiting for additional information from the vendor so we can evaluate the proposed legislation and thus determine if we have any issues or opposition,” he said. The plan is to have legislation approved this year, since legislators won’t meet again for two years, Newton said. With the legislation in place, carriers could test the technology in the state. Several carriers have shown interest in the technology, including J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Wal-Mart Stores and FedEx Freight, which has planned routes. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), 35,092 people died on U.S. roads in 2015, and 94% of crashes “can be tied to a human choice or error.” Automated vehicle technology “could dramatically decrease the number of crashes tied to human choices and behavior.” The U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) “is also encouraged about the potential for [automated vehicle technology] to use other complementary senor technologies such as vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure capabilities to improve system performance.” Platooning would use the previous technology, and Peloton Technology, based in Mountain View, Calif., is a provider. Its Peloton System offers a combined fuel savings of 7%, at 4.5% for the lead truck and 10% for the following truck, according to the company’s website. “Drivers choose when to platoon and always retain primary control of their own trucks. They work together to save fuel and manage the changing environment.” AUTOMATION IMPACT While vehicle automation technology such as platooning will assist the driver, some debate remains over whether it will impact the driver shortage. Newton doesn’t expect it will impact the shortage and won’t lead to the need for fewer drivers. But the technology could attract more drivers to the industry because it could allow for more drivers to qualify to drive commercially. She compared the use of autonomous vehicle technology in the trucking industry to the airline industry and how each airplane still has two pilots even though they use autopilot to fly an airplane. Automation “is leveling the competitive landscape across the globe,” and the “ramifications for labor are monumental,” according to Stifel transportation analyst John G. Larkin. “Taken alone, autonomous trucks operating on the interstate highway system would likely eliminate the persistently challenging driver shortage and might destroy highway to rail intermodal conversion economics. Taken together with double 53s, triple 28s, platooning and/or other highly productive vehicle combinations and technologies, autonomous trucks could be the next transformational driver leading to a sizeable reduction in the ratio of logistics costs to GDP.” The NHTSA defines vehicle automation technology in the following six levels. • Level 0, no automation: driver is in complete control of the vehicle. • Level 1, automated system can “sometimes assist” the driver to handle “some parts” of driving. • Level 2, the system can do some of the driving, but the driver does the rest and must watch the “driving environment.” • Level 3, the system can drive and monitor “the driving environment in some instances,” but the driver must be available to take control of the vehicle if needed. • Level 4, the system can drive and “monitor the driving environment” without the driver needing to take control. However, the system can only operate in “certain environments and under certain conditions.” • Level 5, the system performs all the driving tasks that a driver could. Platooning meets the definition of level-one vehicle automation, but this past fall, Otto Motors, which is based in Canada and owned by Uber, used self-driving trucks to perform level-three vehicle automation tasks. In October, Otto and Anheuser-Busch teamed up to deliver 51,744 cans of beer using autonomous technology as “the world’s first commercial shipment by self-driving truck,” according to a news release. A driver let the computer take control of the truck and watched from its sleeper berth as it “hauled a fully loaded trailer of Budweiser beer more than 120 miles on I-25 from Fort Collins, Colo., through Denver, to Colorado Springs.” In November, an Otto self-driving truck operated a similar task in Ohio. Before he met a team of Otto engineers, Joe Rajkovacz, director of governmental affairs and communications for the nonprofit Western States Trucking Association (WSTA), was skeptical of the technology. Just say self-driving trucks in trucking circles, “and you are likely to get an earful about how this technology should never replace having a human driver behind the wheel,” he wrote. But after seeing a self-driving truck in operation, Rajkovacz said he is no longer a skeptic. The concept, he wrote, is “nearing reality today. Although technological and regulatory hurdles still lie ahead, they will be solved.” LEGISLATION NEEDED Rep. Mike Holcomb, R-Pine Bluff, chairman of the public transportation committee in the House and previously committee vice chair, has yet to see legislation regarding autonomous vehicles, but he expects a law to be in place before it would be allowed in the state. Sen. Eddie Williams, R-Cabot, also was unaware of any legislation regarding automated vehicles, and said a conversation about it is one he “wouldn’t even dream of having” three to five years ago. Williams, who worked nearly 40 years for Union Pacific Railroad, and Holcomb were co-chairs of an intermodal transportation and commerce task force that looked into the intermodal segment in the state. The vision of Otto and Anheuser-Busch for the technology includes reducing roadway fatalities, decreasing emissions and “enhancing truck utilization and providing a sustainable solution for the driver shortage that continues to put pressure on drivers to work long hours at the risk of safe driving,” according to a news release. “One major opportunity for Otto’s technology is that drivers will be able to rest during long stretches of highway, and perhaps even catch up on sleep. That begs the question of whether the driver is ‘on-duty’ with respect to hours of service laws while they are resting.” The hours of service regulation limits truck drivers to 11-hours of driving per day after 10 consecutive hours off duty, according to Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. Also, drivers cannot drive after the 14th consecutive hour after coming on duty, and they must take a 30-minute break from driving at least every eight hours. A driver is also limited to driving 60 hours per week or 70 hours over eight consecutive days. On Jan. 16, the DOT’s 25-member automation committee met for the first time “to immediately begin work on some of the most pressing and relevant matters facing transportation today, including the development and deployment of automated vehicles,” according to a news release. Committee member Chris Spear, who is president and CEO of American Trucking Associations, said the transportation industry “must embrace technology for the betterment of safety, the environment, productivity, but also to do it thoughtfully in ways that do not impeded our employment base, particularly in the trucking sector,” according to Transport Topics, a publication of the trade organization. Editor’s note: This story first appeared in the Jan. 23, 2017 edition of the Northwest Arkansas Business Journal. Comments comments Previous post The Supply Side: Suppliers, retailers react as categories gravitate online Next post Retail trade group forecasts sales growth in 2017 led by e-commerce Newsletter Sign up to get latest from TB&P in your inbox! Talk Business & Politics Newsletter Sign Up Subscribe Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Nate Steel It’s time to end Dodd-Frank’s hit on community banks Frank D. Scott, Jr. Black leaders making a difference in business, their communities Barbara Taylor How to find a silver lining in a tarnished industry Tim Leathers Task force could help overhaul Arkansas’ tax code Boyd Evert A New Year’s resolution for Walmart Latest Popular Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers 11 hours ago Professor: All politics is now national, leading to ‘confrontational politics’ 12 hours ago Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round 14 hours ago Energy In-depth: Wind power now largest renewable energy source, coal poised for small rebound 20 hours ago Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion 1 day ago Fayetteville restaurant Stone Mill to open second location in Bentonville 1,684 views Report: Aldi is the ‘clear price leader’ compared to Wal-Mart 1,197 views The Supply Side: Wal-Mart to host suppliers for two-day growth summit 1,175 views Gaining Traction: Five startup industries to watch in 2017 1,114 views Fort Smith Board of Directors places RITA on notice, terminates River Valley Sports Complex 966 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
PennLive Menu Home News Sports Penn State Football High School Sports Entertainment Food & Dining Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Local News National & World Pa. Politics Business Harrisburg Philadelphia Pittsburgh Community News Obituaries Crime Weather Traffic Photos Videos Special Projects Site Index Back to Main Menu Penn State Football Pittsburgh Panthers Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers NFL Recruiting High School Sports Fantasy Football Motorsports Little League World Series Penn State Sports Penn State Wrestling Hershey Bears Harrisburg Senators Harrisburg City Islanders Golf Outdoors Back to Main Menu Eagles Steelers Ravens Back to Main Menu Fan Talk Recruiting Videos Photo Galleries PSU Columnists Back to Main Menu Bob Flounders David Jones Greg Pickel Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Offseason Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Field Hockey Boys Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Softball Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Girls Volleyball Bowling Back to Main Menu Pa. Life & Culture Cool Spaces Vintage Photos Proms Movies Music Television Travel Living Gardening Columnists Events Comics Puzzles Back to Main Menu Nancy Eshelman Dawn Marron Marcus Schneck George Weigel Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Cooking & Recipes Restaurants PennLive Picks Back to Main Menu Editorials Op-Eds John Micek's Morning Coffee Letters to the Editor Cartoons Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Tumblr Follow us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search PennLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to PennLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts comments Man duped out of $5K in 'grandparent' phone scam Print Email Eric Veronikis | everonikis@pennlive.com By Eric Veronikis | everonikis@pennlive.com The Patriot-News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on February 08, 2017 at 4:56 PM, updated February 09, 2017 at 6:37 AM comments A Carlisle man was duped out of $5,000 in a recent phone scam, police said.  Police determined the man was a victim of what is dubbed the 'Grandparent Scam.' The victim recently received a call from a male suspect who said he was a family member who had been arrested and needed bail money to get out of prison following a DUI crash in New York, police said.  The suspect told the man that he needed him to send him $2,500 via a money transfer service at a local Walmart, according to police.  After sending the money, the victim received another call from the suspect Wednesday, police said. The suspect told the man he needed even more money, following his initial hearing with the judge, police said. The victim sent an additional $2,500.  After receiving the money, the suspect called the victim a third time and asked for an additional $2,140, which he said would be used to pay for medical bills related to the owner of the struck vehicle, police said. The suspect said police would send him to "county" if the victim didn't send the money. The victim refused to send the suspect cash following the third call, and reported the incident to police.  Anyone who receives a similar call should not send money to the caller via wiring service without verifying the arrest, police said.  Robber with terrible timing sentenced to 7 to 14 years in state prison Most Read PENNLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Tumblr Active Discussions Get 'Today's Front Page' in your inbox This newsletter is sent every morning at 6 a.m. and includes the morning's top stories, a full list of obituaries, links to comics and puzzles and the most recent news, sports and entertainment headlines. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up for 'Today's Front Page' To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us PA Media Group Advertise with Us Career Opportunities Contact Us Send Us a News Tip Community Rules Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Manage your Patriot-News Subscription e-Newsletters PennLive Sections Home News Sports PSU Football High School Sports Entertainment Pa. Life & Culture Pa. Food & Dining Opinion Business Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Mobile Apps iPhone, Android Apps | Tablet Apps More on PennLive Videos Photos Weather Contests Post a Job Post a Free Classified Ad Sell your Car Sell/Rent your Home Sitemap & Search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 PA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Whole Foods cuts 2017 profit, sales forecasts as growth lags By Reuters Published: 19:08 EST, 8 February 2017 | Updated: 19:08 EST, 8 February 2017 e-mail By Lisa Baertlein Feb 8 (Reuters) - Whole Foods Market Inc on Wednesday said it is closing some stores and increasing use of customer data to improve results after cutting its full-year sales and profit forecasts after posting its sixth straight quarter of same-store sales declines. Shares in the organic and natural food grocer were down 2.1 percent in extended trading. "We're examining every aspect of our retail operations," Whole Foods co-founder John Mackey, who recently resumed the role of sole chief executive officer after the departure of co-CEO Walter Robb, said on a conference call with analysts. Whole Foods has been battling intense competition from rivals that include Kroger Co and Wal-Mart Stores Inc , as well as new competitors such as Amazon.com Inc and meal kit provider Blue Apron. The company has been lowering prices and experimenting with its value-oriented 365 by Whole Foods Market chain, as it tries to shed its unflattering "Whole Paycheck" nickname. Mackey said the company is "doubling down" on its most loyal customers, continue to lower prices and taking other steps to improve profitability and efficiency. "What has become clear is that we don't want to compete in a 'race to the bottom' as consumers have ever increasing choices for how much and where they shop," Mackey said. Whole Foods has closed one commissary kitchen and will be closing nine stores and the company's last two remaining commissary kitchens in the current quarter. It also terminated two leases. Mackey said the majority of the stores slated for closure were smaller, older acquisitions and that shuttering them should improve results. Whole Foods also is teaming up with dunnhumby, a private, wholly owned consumer data subsidiary of Tesco Plc, in a bid to catch up with Kroger and other rivals that already use such information to improve merchandising and personalize offers to loyal customers. The organic and natural food grocer on Wednesday said same-store sales fell a sharper-than-expected 2.4 percent in the fiscal first quarter ended Jan. 15, the sixth straight quarterly drop. That decline accelerated to 3.2 percent for the current second quarter through Feb. 5. Whole Foods it expects sales for the year to rise 1.5 percent or greater, compared with its previous forecast of growth of 2.5 percent to 4.5 percent. It also cut its profit forecast for the year to $1.33 per share or greater, from its previous view of $1.42 or greater. First-quarter revenue rose 1.9 percent to $4.92 billion from a year earlier. Net income fell to $95 million, or 30 cents per share, from $157 million, or 46 cents per share, a year earlier. The company said it incurred a charge of about 9 cents per share in the quarter, related to Robb's separation agreement and store closures. It expects to incur an additional charge related to the closures of about 6 cents per share in the current quarter. (Reporting by Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles and Jessica Kuruthukulangara in Bengaluru; Editing by Matthew Lewis and Alan Crosby) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Business Trump lashes out at Nordstrom in a tweet for dropping his daughter's apparel line What is the ‘Grab Your Wallet’ campaign? The "Grab Your Wallet" campaign is celebrating after Nordstrom said it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories. (Feb. 3, 2017) The "Grab Your Wallet" campaign is celebrating after Nordstrom said it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories. (Feb. 3, 2017) Sarah HalzackThe Washington Post In January, days before President Donald Trump's inauguration, his daughter Ivanka Trump declared that she'd be stepping away from her management role at the clothing and shoe brand that bears her name. And yet, on Wednesday, the president lashed out on Twitter at department store Nordstrom over its decision to stop carrying Ivanka Trump products, saying his daughter "has been treated so unfairly" by the retailing giant. "My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!" The social media missive adds to a cloud of confusion swirling around the Trump administration about how the family's business interests are colliding with Trump's job at the White House. Sean Spicer, Trump's press secretary, defended Trump's tweet to reporters during a briefing Wednesday, saying, "He has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success." Spicer also said, "This is a direct attack on his policies and her name." Nordstrom did not immediately respond to a request for comment about Trump's tweet, but the company previously said its decision to stop carrying Ivanka Trump goods was based on sales results, not politics. Each year, Nordstrom said in its statement, it prunes about 10 percent of the brands it carries based on performance. It's not clear why Trump believes his daughter was treated unfairly by Nordstrom if she is no longer involved in the label's operations. But his reproach of the company comes as a growing slate of retailers appear to be backing away from the Ivanka Trump brand. Neiman Marcus is no longer carrying fine jewelry from the label on its website, while Belk also no longer features Ivanka Trump clothes and accessories online. A campaign called Grab Your Wallet has been urging shoppers to boycott retailers and other companies connected with the Trump family business empire. It encourages consumers to stay away from retailers that carry Ivanka Trump products as well as businesses such as Trump wineries and golf courses. Trump's adult children have been visible figures in the early days of their father's administration. Ivanka Trump was at the table last week for a gathering of the president's Business Advisory Council, a meeting that was attended by chief executives of corporate behemoths such as Walmart, Pepsi and IBM. Her brothers, Eric Trump and Donald Trump Jr., appeared recently at the event announcing Neil Gorsuch as Trump's pick for an open seat on the Supreme Court. Moves like these have had critics asking how much distance there is between the president and his family's business empire. His sons are running the Trump Organization during his presidency. And while Ivanka has taken a "formal leave of absence" from the Trump Organization, it's not clear that she has relinquished her financial interests in it. Trump has declined to divest his own stake in his business. The president's criticism of Nordstrom exemplifies the uncharted territory that corporate America finds itself in during the Trump era. During his campaign and since his election victory, Trump has not shied away from ripping into specific companies. He has criticized General Motors for making cars overseas, and suggested that an order from Boeing for a new Air Force One jet should be canceled because of its costs. Perhaps as part of an effort to keep out of Trump's crosshairs, big names such as Walmart and Amazon.com have touted their plans for creating thousands of jobs in the United States - catnip for a president who has pledged to be the country's "greatest jobs president." (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) Meanwhile, the fractious political climate has lit the fuse on several consumer boycotts, leaving big companies to try to unravel what these outcries actually mean for their reputations and bottom line. For example, days after Trump signed an executive order that barred refugees and others from seven majority-Muslim nations from coming to the United States, Starbucks announced that it planned to hire 10,000 refugees. On social media, calls quickly bubbled up for consumers to boycott Starbucks. Uber, the ride-hailing company, saw more than 200,000 users delete the app from their phones after a "#DeleteUber" campaign sprang up on social media. It arose after the company said it was dropping its surge pricing during a protest at John F. Kennedy International Airport over Trump's travel ban. And while Grab Your Wallet had encouraged shoppers to boycott Nordstrom for carrying Ivanka Trump apparel, now a new round of boycott talk is simmering that targets the department store chain, this time from shoppers who are outraged with the retailer for dropping the line. The Washington Post's John Wagner contributed. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Donald Trump Inauguration Jeff Bezos Twitter Ivanka Trump Nordstrom drops Ivanka Trump brand, cites poor sales, not boycott With executive order, Trump makes rookie managerial mistake Trump's Boeing blast may mute CEOs US Politics Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Jobs Homes Cars Contact Us 60°
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Daryoosh Khashayar – Delivered a $61,587,000.00 jury verdict for his law firm’s client. He has Litigated against large companies such as Loyds of London, Geico, Costco and Walmart in past cases. California business and personal injury attorney is poised to help in business litigation matters San Diego, California – A legal luminary per excellence, Daryoosh Khashayar of Khashayar Law Group has got all to offer in ensuring business, personal injury, litigation, DUI and DWI, criminal defense and real estate legal matters are efficiently handled. With a unique commitment to ensuring the best of outcomes in every legal matter overseen, Daryoosh Khashayar of Khashayar Law Group, never rests on his oars in ensuring credibility and professionalism are benchmarks while on his job. A skilled and opinionated professional, Mr. Khashayar has represented and successfully litigated breach of contract, fraud, as well as other tort claims, against big corporations and insurance companies, such as Loyds of London, Century 21, KB Homes, Walmart, First American Title Co., Progressive, and Geico Insurance, as well as Costco, just to name a few. Furthermore, he has effectively represented major lenders, brokers, mortgage companies, and local small to median sized businesses/companies in the region. Mr. Khashayar also has won a case of Asbaghi v. Nydiggar et. al. Case Number 37-2013-00066639-CU-PN-CTL in San Diego Central Courthouse, Department 74, presided by Honorable Judge Kevin Enright, which set a record in the city. To date, the legal team at Khashayar Law Group has received the largest single case jury verdicts in San Diego. After one month of litigation, the jury ruled in Khashayar’s client’s favor, with a jury verdict of $61,587,000.00 on September of 2016. Daryoosh Khashayar has a knack for excellent trial and legal service delivery. Focusing on Business Contracts and Civil litigation: Legal Challenges California Businesses Experience, Drafting Corporate Documents, as well as helping his clients understand and execute complex transactions. Accolades have kept pouring in as regards the outstanding results achieved while engaging the legal service of Daryoosh Khashayar. In the words of Iraj Saba, ‘I have had the honor to know Mr. Daryoosh Khashayar through a business matter. He demonstrated utmost skill of professionalism, trustworthiness, reliability and his knowledge in my matter. He can be a source of inspiration and hope for the Iranian and American community as well. I should say with confidence that he is a new phenomenon in the business of law.’ More about Daryoosh Khashayar: After so many people had endlessly searched for reliable and efficient attorneys to help defend high profile business litigation cases, there was a need for the establishment of Khashayar Law Group. Licensed over 11 years ago (2005), Daryoosh Khashayar, establishing partner and attorney at the Khashayar Law Group, has provided years of complex litigation experience, and trial and appeal practice. As a trial lawyer he has represented plaintiffs and defendants in business, real property, and Corporate, Partnership and many Business and Civil litigation matters all throughout California. Mr. Khashayar, ranked among the best lawyers in San Diego, and can be reached at the website address http://mysdlawyer.com Don’t forget to subscribe, follow and like Khashayar Law Group on Facebook. (do you have other social media sites for KLG?) Mr. Khashayar is also the founder of LOKK for Epilepsy, which is a non-profit organization dedicated to raising awareness and money for research for Epilepsy. LOKK for Epilepsy is dedicated to Koorosh Khashayar (Daryoosh’s brother) who passed away on September of 2015 as a result of a seizure. lokk4epilepsy.com has been created and dedicated to the cause. LOKK for Epilepsy is a non-profit foundation founded by Daryoosh Khashayar, dedicated to his brother Koorosh Khashayar who passed away in 2015 from a seizure. LOKK for Epilepsy is dedicated to raise awareness and raise funds for people with Epilepsy. Daryoosh Khashayar has received multiple Judgements and Settlements while working for Khashayar Law Group, some of those cases are a $1.25 Million Settlement on a Title insurance fraud case; $750,000.00 Settlement for Insurance Fraud Claim; $648,000.00 Judgment on a Breach of contract and Fraud Case; $178,000.00 Jury Verdict on a Business Fraud and Breach of Contract case: and $205,000.00 Jury Verdict on a simple rear end collision with little medical bills. Media Contact Company Name: Khashayar Law Group Contact Person: Daryoosh Khashayar Email: Send Email Phone: (760) 806-4388 City: San Diego State: California Country: United States Website: http://mysdlawyer.com/ Source: www.abnewswire.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, defend, defense, honor, injury, Legal, major, service, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Greenberg Traurig Serves as Issuer’s Counsel in Aeropuertos Argentina 2000’s U.S. $400 Million Bond Offering Next PostNext Roller Lever Arm Market Analysis and Forecast by Applications and Competitors to 2016 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Science Tax carbon emissions and give the money to ordinary Americans, says group of prominent conservatives Robert Ferris | @RobertoFerris Wednesday, 8 Feb 2017 | 3:51 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images Several prominent economists, businessmen and government figures, many of whom have served under Republican presidents, say taxing carbon emissions and putting the dividends back in the pockets of Americans would be an effective way to combat climate change and support disaffected citizens, while adhering to conservative principles of free market economics and limited government. The report, "The Conservative Case for Carbon Dividends," was published online Wednesday by the Climate Leadership Council. The paper acknowledged that the evidence for climate change is "mounting" and that while "the extent to which climate change is due to man-made causes can be questioned, the risks associated with future warming are too big and should be hedged." At the very least, the authors say, "we need an insurance policy." The team also said the populist allure of politicians such as President Donald Trump suggests a frustration and disaffection among many Americans who feel left behind by economic disruption and change. Taxing carbon and returning the money to ordinary citizens provides an unusual opportunity to provide relief for struggling Americans while hedging against the potential effects of climate change. The team behind the paper includes several men who have served in key roles in Republican administrations: former Secretary of the Treasury under George W. Bush (and one-time Goldman Sachs chairman and CEO) Henry M. Paulson Jr., and James A. Baker III, who served as secretary of State under George H.W. Bush, Treasury secretary under Ronald Reagan and chief of staff for both administrations. Harvard economics professor Martin Feldstein, also in the group, served as chairman of the President Ronald Reagan's Council of Economic Advisers, and George P. Shultz served as Reagan's secretary of State and secretary of the Treasury and Labor under Richard Nixon, while Harvard economist N. Gregory Mankiw served as chairman of George W. Bush's President's Council of Economic Advisers. Other contributors include former Wal-Mart Chairman Rob Walton, venture capitalist Thomas Stephenson of Sequoia Capital (who served as Ambassador to Portugal under George W. Bush), and Climate Leadership Council founder, president and CEO Ted Halstead. The authors say economists "are nearly unanimous in their belief that a carbon tax is the most efficient and effective way to reduce carbon emissions," as opposed to caps on emissions or other regulations. Their plan has four pieces or stages. First, it calls for creating a gradually increasing carbon tax, that would be assessed at refineries, or at the place where fossil fuels enter the U.S. economy, such as wells, mines or ports. For example, a tax could start at $40 a ton, and then steadily increase over time. Second, the plan calls for returning that money to the American people as dividends, either through direct deposit, retirement plan contributions, or other means. A family of four could receive $2,000 in dividends in the first year of such a plan, and that would grow over time. The third step is establishing "border carbon adjustments that protect American competitiveness," by assessing taxes on imports from countries that don't have similar carbon tax plans. Exports sent to those same countries would be given rebates for the carbon taxes already paid in the U.S. Then, after the first three pieces are in place, the policymakers could begin rolling back other government regulations meant to prevent carbon pollution. That would include repealing the Clean Power Plan and removing the Environmental Protection Agency's carbon regulation responsibility, since such things would, in theory, be no longer necessary. The authors say such a program would help reduce the country's carbon footprint, while also providing support to many economically disaffected Americans. They cite an estimate from the Department of the Treasury, saying the bottom 70 percent of Americans, in terms of wealth, would "come out ahead under such a program." "Carbon dividends would increase the disposable income of the majority of Americans while disproportionately helping those struggling to make ends meet. Yet these dividends are not giveaways; they would be earned based on the good behavior of minimizing our carbon footprints." The notion of a carbon tax has proven unpopular among many Republican politicians, and some have expressed skepticism that climate change is occurring, or that it is influenced by human activity. For example, the Republican party platform during the last presidential campaign explicitly opposed any kind of carbon tax. But many polls have shown that climate change and carbon pollution are a concern to a majority of Americans, and that even a clear majority of Republicans acknowledge climate change is occurring. Polls conducted by the Yale Program on Climate Change Communication and George Mason University's Center for Climate Change Communication have found, for instance, that nearly half of all Republicans would support a carbon tax if other taxes were reduced to compensate. Thus the current report's writers say a carbon tax would reduce the potential for the potentially disastrous consequences of climate change, and offer Republicans a chance to repeal other current laws that might be even more burdensome than a carbon tax, reduce entanglements with oil-producing countries, and appeal to the concerns of a wide variety of Americans, including voters who are younger, or among the fast-growing groups of Latino and Asian Americans. They say the "plan could strengthen our economy, benefit working-class Americans, reduce regulations, protect our natural heritage and consolidate a new era of Republican leadership. These benefits accrue regardless of one's views on climate science." Robert FerrisScience Reporter
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 54° Share Republican statesmen propose replacing Obama’s climate plans with a carbon tax By Chris Mooney and Juliet Eilperin / The Washington Post Wednesday, February 8th, 2017 at 2:00pm .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........WASHINGTON – Representatives from a coalition of veteran Republican officials – including five who have either served as treasury secretary or as chairs of the Council of Economic Advisers – met Wednesday with White House officials to discuss the prospect of imposing a national carbon tax, rather than using federal regulations, to address climate change. The newly formed Climate Leadership Council – which includes James Baker, Henry Paulson, George Shultz, Marty Feldstein and Greg Mankiw – is proposing elimination of nearly all of the Obama administration’s climate policies in exchange for a rising carbon tax that starts at $40 per ton, and is returned in the form of a quarterly check from the Social Security Administration to every American. “I really don’t know the extent to which it is manmade, and I don’t think anybody can tell you with certainty that it’s all manmade,” Baker said in an interview with the Washington Post. However, he also said, “the risk is sufficiently strong that we need an insurance policy and this is a damn good insurance policy.” Despite the group’s impeccable Republican credentials – Baker, Paulson and Schultz served as treasury secretaries, and Feldstein and Mankiw as CEA chairs under GOP presidents – the proposal faces long odds. Advertisement Continue reading Many congressional Republicans are adamantly against a tax increase of any kind, and President Trump repeatedly emphasized he is far more interested in promoting the extraction of fossil fuels in the United States than curbing the nation’s carbon emissions. A proposed carbon tax also failed recently in a ballot initiative in Washington state, in part because it divided the left – with many liberals wanting to use any revenue to invest in clean energy and other social causes rather than to return it to the public. Baker and his colleagues met Wednesday with Gary Cohn, the head of Trump’s National Economic Council, as well as speaking more briefly with White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway. A White House official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss private deliberations, said in an email it would be premature to conclude that the administration was embracing the idea of a carbon tax. “Secretary Baker is obviously a distinguished public servant with a wealth of experience,” the official said. “This morning is one of many listening meetings the administration is having with experts on a variety of issues and does not represent any eventual policy decision one way or the other.” The vice president’s spokesman, Marc Lotter, said in an email that Baker had requested the meeting over the weekend when they ran into each other “at the Super Bowl on Sunday. The Secretary mentioned going to the White House and the Vice President asked him to pop by his office while he is here.” As for how the idea would be received politically, Baker said, “I have no idea but it is a good proposal, it’s simple, it’s conservative, it’s free market, it’s limited government.” Other supporters of the group’s proposal include Ted Halstead, who founded the Climate Leadership Council and previously the New America Foundation, Rob Walton, the former chairman of the board of Walmart, and Thomas Stevenson, a U.S. ambassador to Portugal under George W. Bush. Advertisement Continue reading The revenue-neutral “carbon fee and dividend” idea, as it is sometimes called, has been popular among economists, including conservative ones, for years. It has also been strongly embraced by some leading climate scientists, such as former NASA researcher James Hansen, and such advocacy groups as Citizens’ Climate Lobby. But never before have major Republican statesmen from past administrations aligned behind it as publicly as they’re doing now. Baker and his colleagues estimate that the average family of four would receive $2,000 annually in dividends from the fee if it starts at $40 per ton – hard to see why that wouldn’t be popular – and as the tax rises, so would their dividends. This would naturally create a constituency for ever-tougher climate change action. They also assert that the proposal would be fundamentally progressive, because everyone would receive the same amount of revenue from the tax regardless of their income level, meaning that as a percentage, the new source of income would make much more of a difference for poorer people than for wealthier ones. Finally, they suggest it’s a needed compromise. “We have a regulatory left and a deregulatory right that are far, far apart,” said Mankiw. “Both should acknowledge they’re not going to have control forever.” As soon as the plan was hatched, it got a tweet endorsement from Mitt Romney: “Thought-provoking plan from highly respected conservatives to both strengthen the economy & confront climate risks: http://www.clcouncil.org.” Among Trump administration leaders, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is also familiar with and supportive of a carbon tax, which he championed at ExxonMobil. In general, however, Trump’s Cabinet appointees have been largely noncommittal about the issue of climate change and its human causation, seeming more to try to deflect on the topic than to seek some big idea to break the political logjam over it. Meanwhile, at agencies such as the Environmental Protection Agency and the Energy Department, Trump transition teams have brimmed with conservative think tank personas who have a history of questioning the science of climate change and standing up for fossil fuels. Advertisement Continue reading Another problem for taxing carbon, meanwhile, is how it would affect the carbon-intensive coal industry, which Trump spoke out on behalf of during his campaign. Halstead admits coal would fare poorly under the plan — although as the carbon tax rises over time, he noted, it would eventually be beneficial to the economics of carbon capture and storage technology. The new idea is quintessentially conservative, the group argues, because it would not increase the size of government – revenue would go to the public instead of to new government programs – but, by canceling out President Obama’s climate regulatory moves, it would reduce it. “This ticks every one of their boxes, it is pro growth, pro competition, pro jobs, deregulatory, and it will help the working class voters that Trump promised to help,” said Halstead. However, responding to the proposal Wednesday, the Natural Resources Defense Council, a leading environmental group, said it would not support a regulatory rollback in exchange for a carbon tax, underscoring the difficult politics behind the idea. “Putting a price on carbon could be an important part of a comprehensive program. It can’t do the job alone, though, and is not a replacement for carbon limits under our current laws,” said Rhea Suh, the group’s president, in a statement. An even deeper question is whether the current White House is up for big, wonky crossover ideas – especially when recent polling suggests that only a small fraction of Trump voters even believe in human-caused climate change. Still, Baker said, the idea “gives Republicans a seat at the table on an important issue and does so in keeping with Republican principles.” Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: Obama climate plan to bypass Congress – Jun 25, 2013 Why many economists support Obama's idea of a tax on oil – Feb 8, 2016 The bizarre political fight over Washington state's ballot measure to tax carbon – Nov 7, 2016 Carbon tax push from former GOP officials faces uphill slog – Feb 8, 2017 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy Contest Terms RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Assault, shoplifting leads to chase, 1 in custody - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Black History Month 2016 Heart headlines My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Our local commitment WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities breaking Assault, shoplifting leads to chase, 1 in custody 2017-02-08T20:03:41Z2017-02-08T20:15:45Z By Ryan Moore, Reporter Email Connect ryanmoore@wdam.com ADVERTISEMENT Assault, shoplifting leads to chase, 1 in custody Assault, shoplifting leads to chase, 1 in custody Assault, shoplifting leads to chase, 1 in custody Assault, shoplifting leads to chase, 1 in custody Assault, shoplifting leads to chase, 1 in custody Slideshow: Assault, shoplifting, leads to chase, 1 in custody Joe Dontrel Gesse was arrested by Hattiesburg police, Lamar County Deputies and constable at an apartment on Shears Road./Photo credit: WDAM HATTIESBURG, MS (WDAM) - One man is in custody and facing multiple charges after a shoplifting incident led to an alleged assault on two Hattiesburg police officers. Joe Dontrel Gesse was arrested by Hattiesburg police, Lamar County deputies and constable at an apartment on Shears Road shortly after the incident. “Officers were called to 6072 Highway 98, at Walmart in reference to a shoplifter, and the suspect assaulted the two officers and fled on foot,” Hattiesburg Police Lt. Jon Traxler said.  After the incident, the suspect fled on foot toward a residential area on Shears Road. MOBILE USERS: View photos from the scene here. Hattiesburg officers with the assistance of Lamar County deputies set up a perimeter around an apartment complex on Shears Road, and the suspect was found at 7 Shears Road #2 and taken into custody. “He will be facing several charges pending the outcome of the investigation,” Traxler said.  Neither officer received any serious injuries in the incident, and Gesse was transported by Hattiesburg police to the Forrest County Jail. Copyright 2017 WDAM. All rights reserved.  News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Jailers afraid for their lives inside 201 Poplar Jailers afraid for their lives inside 201 Poplar Updated: Saturday, February 11 2017 12:04 AM EST2017-02-11 05:04:06 GMT Shelby County jail (Source: WMC Action News 5) Dozens of complaints show that jailers fear fear for their lives inside 201 Poplar. More >> Dozens of complaints show that jailers fear fear for their lives inside 201 Poplar.More >> Millennials buying less lottery tickets Millennials buying less lottery tickets Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 11:34 PM EST2017-02-11 04:34:22 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5 archives) It looks like Millennials are less interested in buying lottery tickets.More >> It looks like Millennials are less interested in buying lottery tickets.More >> breaking Witnesses rush to the side of people trapped inside burning car Witnesses rush to the side of people trapped inside burning car Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 11:22 PM EST2017-02-11 04:22:22 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) A car caught on fire after crashing at Walnut Grove and Timber Creek just before 10 p.m. Friday night. More >> A car caught on fire after crashing at Walnut Grove and Timber Creek just before 10 p.m. Friday night.More >> Sudan immigrant among 31 new MPD officers hitting the streets Sudan immigrant among 31 new MPD officers hitting the streets Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 10:56 PM EST2017-02-11 03:56:17 GMT John Liom (right) pictured with MPD Director Mike Rallings (left) during graduation (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) The Memphis Police Association billboards were the center of controversy this week between the MPA and Memphis mayor.More >> The Memphis Police Association billboards were the center of controversy this week between the MPA and Memphis mayor.More >> breaking Overturned car, 2 vehicle crash impacts Germantown traffic Overturned car, 2 vehicle crash impacts Germantown traffic Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 10:53 PM EST2017-02-11 03:53:00 GMT (SOURCE: submitted) Germantown police responded to a two car crash at Germantown Parkway and Wolf River just after 9:30 p.m. Friday.  More >> Germantown police responded to a two car crash at Germantown Parkway and Wolf River just after 9:30 p.m. Friday. More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Woman gives birth on jail floor; Sheriff on defense Woman gives birth on jail floor; Sheriff on defense Posted: Friday, February 10 2017 6:14 AM EST2017-02-10 11:14:06 GMT Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 6:26 AM EST2017-02-10 11:26:18 GMT A video shows Jessica Preston being sent back to her cell three times after telling staff she was having her baby. The baby was born a month early, weighing less than 5 lbs. More >> A video shows Jessica Preston being sent back to her cell three times after telling staff she was having her baby. The baby was born a month early, weighing less than 5 lbs.More >> UPDATE: 1 suspect ruled out, 3 NC suspects still at-large following trooper-involved shooting UPDATE: 1 suspect ruled out, 3 NC suspects still at-large following trooper-involved shooting Updated: Saturday, February 11 2017 2:09 AM EST2017-02-11 07:09:52 GMT (Source: WISTV) One suspect has been apprehended while authorities continue to search for three other suspects involved in a trooper-involved shooting in Richland County Friday night.  More >> One suspect has been apprehended while authorities continue to search for three other suspects involved in a trooper-involved shooting in Richland County Friday night. More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
RedEye Your weekend plans. Delivered. Business Trump lashes out at Nordstrom in a tweet for dropping his daughter's apparel line What is the ‘Grab Your Wallet’ campaign? The "Grab Your Wallet" campaign is celebrating after Nordstrom said it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories. (Feb. 3, 2017) The "Grab Your Wallet" campaign is celebrating after Nordstrom said it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories. (Feb. 3, 2017) Sarah HalzackThe Washington Post In January, days before President Donald Trump's inauguration, his daughter Ivanka Trump declared that she'd be stepping away from her management role at the clothing and shoe brand that bears her name. And yet, on Wednesday, the president lashed out on Twitter at department store Nordstrom over its decision to stop carrying Ivanka Trump products, saying his daughter "has been treated so unfairly" by the retailing giant. "My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!" The social media missive adds to a cloud of confusion swirling around the Trump administration about how the family's business interests are colliding with Trump's job at the White House. Sean Spicer, Trump's press secretary, defended Trump's tweet to reporters during a briefing Wednesday, saying, "He has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success." Spicer also said, "This is a direct attack on his policies and her name." Nordstrom did not immediately respond to a request for comment about Trump's tweet, but the company previously said its decision to stop carrying Ivanka Trump goods was based on sales results, not politics. Each year, Nordstrom said in its statement, it prunes about 10 percent of the brands it carries based on performance. It's not clear why Trump believes his daughter was treated unfairly by Nordstrom if she is no longer involved in the label's operations. But his reproach of the company comes as a growing slate of retailers appear to be backing away from the Ivanka Trump brand. Neiman Marcus is no longer carrying fine jewelry from the label on its website, while Belk also no longer features Ivanka Trump clothes and accessories online. A campaign called Grab Your Wallet has been urging shoppers to boycott retailers and other companies connected with the Trump family business empire. It encourages consumers to stay away from retailers that carry Ivanka Trump products as well as businesses such as Trump wineries and golf courses. Trump's adult children have been visible figures in the early days of their father's administration. Ivanka Trump was at the table last week for a gathering of the president's Business Advisory Council, a meeting that was attended by chief executives of corporate behemoths such as Walmart, Pepsi and IBM. Her brothers, Eric Trump and Donald Trump Jr., appeared recently at the event announcing Neil Gorsuch as Trump's pick for an open seat on the Supreme Court. Moves like these have had critics asking how much distance there is between the president and his family's business empire. His sons are running the Trump Organization during his presidency. And while Ivanka has taken a "formal leave of absence" from the Trump Organization, it's not clear that she has relinquished her financial interests in it. Trump has declined to divest his own stake in his business. The president's criticism of Nordstrom exemplifies the uncharted territory that corporate America finds itself in during the Trump era. During his campaign and since his election victory, Trump has not shied away from ripping into specific companies. He has criticized General Motors for making cars overseas, and suggested that an order from Boeing for a new Air Force One jet should be canceled because of its costs. Perhaps as part of an effort to keep out of Trump's crosshairs, big names such as Walmart and Amazon.com have touted their plans for creating thousands of jobs in the United States - catnip for a president who has pledged to be the country's "greatest jobs president." (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) Meanwhile, the fractious political climate has lit the fuse on several consumer boycotts, leaving big companies to try to unravel what these outcries actually mean for their reputations and bottom line. For example, days after Trump signed an executive order that barred refugees and others from seven majority-Muslim nations from coming to the United States, Starbucks announced that it planned to hire 10,000 refugees. On social media, calls quickly bubbled up for consumers to boycott Starbucks. Uber, the ride-hailing company, saw more than 200,000 users delete the app from their phones after a "#DeleteUber" campaign sprang up on social media. It arose after the company said it was dropping its surge pricing during a protest at John F. Kennedy International Airport over Trump's travel ban. And while Grab Your Wallet had encouraged shoppers to boycott Nordstrom for carrying Ivanka Trump apparel, now a new round of boycott talk is simmering that targets the department store chain, this time from shoppers who are outraged with the retailer for dropping the line. The Washington Post's John Wagner contributed. Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Twitter Donald Trump Inauguration Jeff Bezos Ivanka Trump Nordstrom drops Ivanka Trump brand, cites poor sales, not boycott With executive order, Trump makes rookie managerial mistake Trump's Boeing blast may mute CEOs Sports Breaking Trending RedEye Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 38°
SAT, FEB 11, 2017 | -10 °C Mainly cloudy Full Text Archive Events - Submit Now Newsletter SIgnup Walk-in Clinics Wellness Contact Us Business Listings in Your Neighbourhood Local Ads Hot Topics Movies Print Editions Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Ontario Canada World 4 hours ago Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway Latest News SEE MORE New Zealanders refloat 100 pilot whales after 400 stranded Bombardier seeks injunction against Metrolinx Trudeau tries to avoid frosty Trump meeting 3 Down Nation Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey Olympics Soccer 3 hours ago Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Latest Sports SEE MORE Plum leads No. 10 Washington past Arizona 91-55 McPhee leads No. 8 Stanford women past Colorado 64-51 Lakers survive late Bucks rally to win 122-114 Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity 3 hours ago Christina Ricci recalls her naked scene in Z: The Beginning of Everything Hollywood star Christina Ricci has revealed she felt like she was wearing... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Jamie Dornan: I know 'every line' to Frozen Nick Cannon 'encourages trying' within his kids George Clooney's mother dubs him a 'great' dad Blogs Columns Editorial Letters Feb 05, 2017 Column: A magical night for Brady and the Patriots Column: A magical night for Brady and the Patriots Feb 09, 2017 Canadians reveal their thoughts on self-driving vehicles Kanetix.ca recently released the results of their survey to find out what... Small Business Week Environment Family Home and Garden Jobs Money Matters Progress Wellness Canada 150 14 hours ago Charity events put the taste in waste Putting the taste in waste: Charity events save food from certain demise Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Schizophrenia: What the experts say Sugary drinks pose threat to health: study Flu vaccine effectiveness called 'decent' Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Back-to-school checklist: For the college or university bound Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Shopping Is your backyard BBQ ready for cooking season? Home News Tire slashed in Walmart parking lot: Brockville... | Feb 08, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Tire slashed in Walmart parking lot: Brockville police Brockville police vehicle next play/pause pre St. Lawrence News City police are investigating a case of mischief that occurred on Tuesday afternoon. A woman from Athens reportedly parked her vehicle at the Walmart store in Brockville at about 4 p.m. She returned from shopping to discover her front passenger side tire slashed, according to a police news release. Anyone with information about the incident is asked to call Constable Nicole Henri at Brockville police at 613-342-0127, ext. 6052.   | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News Child in Brockville calls 911 to report domestic dispute Snapshot News Phone scam involves false bank account claims: Brockville police Snapshot News Suspended driver claims to be her sister at Brockville traffic stop Snapshot News Summer Company program seeks applicants in Leeds Grenville Snapshot The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Child in Brockville calls 911 to report domestic dispute Suspended driver claims to be her sister at Brockville traffic stop Alleged thief confronted in home, caught by Brockville police Vehicle damaged by bottles, hammer; Brockville police seek two youths Phone scam involves false bank account claims: Brockville police In Your Neighbourhood Today WEALTH MATTERS: 5 robo advisor myths revisited No, we're not a team of robots. And yes, you really can pick up the phone and call us. Robo... Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Winter is coming, and Ontario municipalities are ready for it! Snow plows are standing by, plow... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... Be chair aware when designing your apartment living space So, you're looking to make the best use of space in your rental apartment unit and also create a... Open your mind and floor space with multi-purpose furniture So, you’ve moved into a rather small, but cute apartment and you want to make it feel like home.... 5 ideas for growing your business There are a number of ways to boost your business through effective marketing and offering unique... SPONSORED CONTENT View More MORE NEWS Vehicle damaged by bottles, hammer; Brockville police seek two youths Alleged thief confronted in home, caught by Brockville police Maj. James Walsh is subject of next Mallorytown Talks Celebrate Canada 150 at Fort Town Night Run in Prescott Mac Johnson Wildlife Area to host Family Day Skate PreviousNext Kids flee hammer-wielding father: police Liberal bribery trial set for September Brockville Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise WIth Us Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Site Map Staff Directory Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites DurhamRegion.com InsideBelleville.com InsideOttawaValley.com KingstonRegion.com MyKawartha.com NorthumberlandNews.com OttawaCommunityNews.com Resources GoldBook.ca LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Jury Orders $2.3 Million Payment in Search-Ad Click-Fraud Scheme By George Slefo - 36 minutes ago Array 0 Super Bowl Ads Haven't Helped Purchase Consideration Much, Research Suggests By Nat Ives - 1 hour ago Array 0 Marketer MVPs: Not Every Social-Media Winner Last Week Was About the Super Bowl 2 hours ago Array 0 Competitive Bidding, Creative Choice, and the DOJ Investigation By T. Alex Blum - 3 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads From Starbucks, Walmart, Mitsubishi and More 3 hours ago Array 0 Super Bowl Ads Haven't Helped Purchase Consideration Much, Research Suggests By Nat Ives - 1 hour ago 0 Jury Orders $2.3 Million Payment in Search-Ad Click-Fraud Scheme By George Slefo - 36 minutes ago 0 Video: Why the Future of Virtual Reality Depends on Advertisers By Nathan Skid and David Hall - 9 hours ago 0 Hippies Meet Augmented Reality With Berkeley Art Museum's 'Free the Love' App By Alexandra Jardine - 7 hours ago 0 Twitter's Ad Revenue Falls For First Time Since It Went Public By Garett Sloane - 6 hours ago 0 Publicis Groupe Wins MillerCoors Media Business By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Mattel Taps Publicis' Mediavest Spark, DigitasLBi for $150 Million Account By Lindsay Stein and Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Epsilon and Others Scramble for Alexa Data from Amazon By Kate Kaye - 2 days ago 0 Twitter Promises to Silence Trolls, Making the Platform Less Toxic for Brands Too By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 The Go-To Glossary for Marketers Needing to Brush Up on AI By Garett Sloane and George Slefo - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Lowdown: What Tom Brady Did for Olivia Munn and Proactiv Published on February 08, 2017. The Lowdown is Ad Age's weekly look at news nuggets from across the world of marketing, including trends, campaign tidbits, executive comings and goings and more. Among Tom Brady's many amazing feats on Sunday was getting Aaron Rodgers' girlfriend into the game. Olivia Munn, who's been dating the Green Bay Packers' quarterback, starred in Proactiv's first-ever Super Bowl ad, a contingency buy that aired during the overtime spawned by the New England Patriots comeback. The first overtime in Super Bowl history may have seemed totally unexpected. But not by Proactiv, said a spokeswoman in an email: "Proactiv strategically planned to air its branded spot during OT, as they knew it was going to be a close game, and it would be the perfect opportunity to showcase a more brand-focused approach vs. the traditional direct-marketing approach that's historically been the company's focus." A Proactiv spokeswoman did not disclose how much it paid Fox to run the ad, but said the cost of buying the overtime option was less than what it would have been to run an ad during the regulation game. Icon Media Direct handled the buy. The 30-second spot was cut from a 60-second version that had been running elsewhere in recent months. A bilingual version also aired on Fox Deportes during overtime. But neither would have run (such as during postgame) had it not been for the overtime, the spokeswoman said. Student-loan refinancer Sofi, which also had an ad in the game, made a similar overtime option buy for the Super Bowl and "got a great price," a spokesman for the brand said in an email. "You can imagine what our group text thread looked like in the fourth quarter as the game got close!" he said. The ad was made in a week, in-house, using photos and videos members sent during the company's #WhyISoFi contest. It follows the brand's first appearance in the game last year. For more on Fox's overtime windfall check out Ad Age's report from earlier this week. With the Super Bowl over, Valentine's Day marketing is heating up. Zipcar is trying to crank up the passion early by promoting next weekend as"#MAKEorBREAKweekend." According to a survey by the car-sharing marketer, "more than half of Americans ages 18-34 feel that the first day or overnight trip is a good test of a new relationship." So Zipcar says it wants to encourage new couples to "put their relationships to the test with their first day or overnight trips together" and give them the chance to "make it or break it before getting into the potentially messy gray area of Feb. 14." The campaign is getting paid support on Facebook, where Zipcar is posing questions like the one below: Credit: Walker & Co. Meantime, Walker & Co.'s Bevel is launching a digital campaign today in advance of Valentine's Day featuring black gay couples celebrating love. "Valentine's Day is an opportunity to celebrate love," said Cassidy Blackwell, brand marketing lead for Walker & Co. "Our goal at Walker & Co. is to build brands for people of color, which in and of itself is a very diverse community." Besides its original subscription business for men's razors and grooming products, including an electric trimmer launched last year, the brand's expansion into outside retailers has continued with last fall's rollout to Amazon, after the brand moved into Target stores in 2015. Who says you can't innovate around soap? Procter & Gamble Co. has just launched a new "Duos" form for its Olay, Old Spice and Ivory brands, and showering may never be quite the same. Liquid body wash has been edging bar soap out of showers for years. But Duos are something different, neither bar soap nor liquid. Kind of like mushy soap, or Play-Doh. Duos are described by Teen Vogue as a "souped up Scotch-Brite sponge" shaped like a Smucker's Uncrustable with a "cleansing dough" inside. It does away with the need for a loofah or washcloth, with packs containing a 30-day supply of the soapy dough. Credit: Broo.com Men's grooming has been growing in recent years, though not as fast as some marketers would like, particularly in the U.S. as opposed to Europe. A new mashup with a faster-growing category -- craft beer -- can only help. The Broo Craft Beer collection of men's grooming products has made it big time now with a launch into Walmart stores and Walmart.com, Drug Store News reports. Onto food marketing: A new Taco Bell ad looks to get real about morningtime. It kicks off like a typical breakfast product spot, with sunshine streaming through the bedroom window. There's even a jingle. But the guy who wakes up doesn't smell coffee brewing in his kitchen and isn't chipper. He must respond to work emails and deal with the typical morning moments that likely keeps him from eating a full breakfast. While at first the Taco Bell song sounds like a standard relaxing tune, it is not all bright and cheery. "When your morning is hell, just go to Taco Bell," the Mexican fast feeder proclaims in the song, which is also set to run on radio. Chief Marketing Officer Marisa Thalberg said the idea of the latest breakfast ad is one of realistic sincerity. "We're in on this with you, we get it," she said, noting that Taco Bell does not want to create a false representation of modern morning routines, such as sitting down and eating breakfast at the kitchen table in robes. The current spot ends with a mention of the chain's $1 grilled breakfast burrito. The work, from Deutsch, comes three years after the national launch of Taco Bell's breakfast menu. "There's a big group that's really open to it, it's just not top of mind yet," Ms. Thalberg said. "We haven't built a Taco Bell breakfast habit." Restaurants including Panera and Chipotle are not the only brands playing up their use of fresh ingredients. After 2015's "All to the Table" campaign, Stouffer's is now using quick online videos to promote the idea of coming together over frozen lasagna. The campaign from Swift, "It's What's on the Inside that Counts," plays up the packaged food marketer's use of real ingredients by showing real families and friends. According to the Nestle brand, the three stories were unscripted. The people featured are a family in which the father recently returned home from military service; a trio of friends in New York including a married gay couple; and a family in which the wife and husband both work different shifts in an emergency room. The spots are currently running as pre-roll ads and will appear in 30-second versions as well. Plans include running on Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and the brand's site, plus additional content made for Pinterest and Twitter. Fiat Chrysler -- which went all-in on its Alfa Romeo brand for Super Bowl -- is going country for its Ram brand. The auto marketer has struck a programming deal with Viacom's CMT network for a March 31 special called "CMT Hometown Heroes." It will feature Chris Stapleton, Darius Rucker and Brett Eldredge "as they make surprise returns to their hometowns to give back and perform for their very own hometown heroes," according to CMT. Turning to financial services: Consumers can look out for a fresh campaign later this year from Fifth Third Bank. The Cincinnati-based regional lender has just tapped Pereira & O'Dell as its creative agency of record. The news follows Fifth Third's recent appointment of Empower MediaMarketing as its media agency of record. The 158-year-old bank, which worked with Leo Burnett on a campaign last year, will reveal new marketing, including TV, radio, digital and out-of-home, in May. Lastly, MillerCoors -- which this week hired Publicis Media to handle media buying and planning -- is sticking with MDC Partners-owned Team Enterprises for experiential marketing and retail sampling. The agency, which has been with the brewer roughly two decades, kept the business following a review Contributing: Jack Neff, Jessica Wohl,, E.J. Schultz, Adrianne Pasquarelli In this article: Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Diversity Financial Services Packaged Food Restaurants Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us State Elections 2017 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Videos Autos The US is making a big shift away from factory farming Gus Lubin Business Insider8 February 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share chicken farmMore (Flickr/Phil Roeder) The US is quietly making historic progress on farm animal welfare, with ten states and hundreds of brands coming out against the most notorious kinds of factory farming. "You’re seeing almost every major retailer, almost every major fast food producer and restaurant chain committing to phasing out the use of battery cages and/or gestation crates," ASPCA Farm Welfare director Daisy Freund tells Business Insider. "We are going beyond our dreams here, and yet we’re really just getting started." Wins for farm animal welfare in the past few years include: —More than 100 big brands, from Walmart to McDonalds, committing to phasing out battery cages for egg-laying hens over the next 3 to 10 years. —Lots of big brands committing to phasing out gestation crates for pigs. —Big brands including Whole Foods, Aramark, and Compass committing to humane conditions for broiler chickens by 2024. —Ten states banning excessive animal confinement in one form or another, with Massachusetts passing the most comprehensive bill yet in November. —State legislatures repeatedly rejecting "Ag-Gag" or "Right to Farm" bills that prohibit investigations into industrial farms, with the latest example in Oklahoma. —The USDA introducing a new rule mandating better living conditions for organic-certified animal products. These developments could be enough to force changes in the industry. "The market is shifting," says Freund. "[Producers] have to move forward, they have to start adjusting their infrastructure, they have to start investing in cage-free environments at the very least." Changes in the US market could also have global effects, especially when commitments by US brands apply to their international businesses. In many cases, the international markets are already far ahead of the US on farm animal protection. It’s not all good for farm welfare advocates. Indeed, President Donald Trump has some people worried, with Mother Jones warning that his nominee for ambassador to China is in deep with the meat industry and his nominee for head of the EPA is a supporter of Ag-Gag bills; and Forbes warning that Trump could jeopardize the USDA’s new organic rules. Still, the ASPCA is celebrating 2016 as a great year for animal rights and the past few years as good for farm animals in particular. "In the last five years, especially, this has gone from being a fringe issue … to where it is now, where through investigations and media coverage and documentaries and corporate commitments to change, it’s increasingly clear to the American public that what’s happening on factory farms is unacceptable," Freund says. Currently, 99% of US farm animals are raised on factory farms, according to the ASPCA. That number could go down in the coming years, or factory farms themselves could evolve. Because these changes are only beginning, concerned shoppers still need to be careful what they buy. The ASPCA offers a shopping guide and endorses three animal welfare certifications: Animal Welfare Approved, Global Animal Partnership (steps 2 and above), and Certified Humane. (Labels like "Natural" and even "grass-fed" or "cage-free" are often unregulated and unaudited.) Improving conditions for chickens doesn’t take a lot. Getting to step 2 on the Global Animal Partnership, for instance, means providing both cage-free living conditions and enrichments like perches, hay bales, and hanging CDs that reflect the light. "These can seem silly, but they’re extremely important," Freund says. "Chickens are sentient, intelligent creatures, and having interesting objects that they can jump up on or hide behind is not not only good for their own physical health … but also allows them to exercise their natural curiosity and their natural desire to do things like perch, which if denied to them is really a form of cruelty." NOW WATCH: This behavior could kill your chances in a Goldman Sachs interview More From Business Insider Trump could approve a giant merger that's scaring American farmers This couple got their dream deal on 'Shark Tank' — now they're creating a bagel ball empire The 10 best places for Americans to live in Canada Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to read next Alia Bhatt’s Former Classmate Makes Some SHOCKING Confessions! Business of Cinema See how freelancers keep more of their money TurboTax Self-EmployedSponsored Passenger Car sales may cross the 3-million mark in the fiscal India Today When Bollywood actresses asked votes for candidates India Newzstreet Media CLICKED: Sussanne Khan Exits A Party Holding Hrithik Roshan’s Hand! Spotboye A $500 Credit Card Intro Bonus Has Been Announced NextAdvisorSponsored BJP is scared of two young people contesting polls together: Akhilesh Yadav India Newzstreet Media After 25 Years! Shah Rukh Khan And Aamir Khan’s This Selfie Photo Is Breaking The Internet! Business of Cinema Can You Find The 6-Foot Snake Hiding In This Photo? Esquire 7 Outrageous Cards For Those With Excellent Credit NextAdvisorSponsored Change this security setting on WhatsApp right now Mashable Tech PM has failed to provide employment to youths as promised: Rahul Gandhi India Newzstreet Media Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: 7 most important developments since last night you should know India Today Customers have spoken: Discover it® rated tops Discover CardSponsored Yahoo Movies Review: Jolly LLB 2 Movies with Rummana Apparently We've Been Cooking Rice Wrong This Whole Time And It Could Be Bad For Our Health Esquire Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit 7 Ways to Profit Off Your Marriage You Can’t Put a Price Tag on Love — Amazingly Romantic Cruises 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market How to Choose a High-Yield Savings Account American Express High-Yield Savings Account Review: No Fees and No Minimums 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips Complete CD Tax Guide: From Death Taxes to Interest Income Taxes How CD Laddering Works 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans How to Get a Business Loan With Bad Credit Here’s How Much You Can Borrow With a Personal Loan 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News This Is How Stock Options Work How to Invest on a Budget 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News Why Financial Independence Is the Key to Retiring Early Retirement Planning Doesn’t End When You Retire 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts 15 Checking Account Bonuses and Promotions Available Today 10 Best Checking Accounts for Retirees 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Best BAnks Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips How to Cancel a Credit Card Without Hurting Your Credit Score 6 Screening Methods Credit Card Companies Are Using 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Follow @GOBankingRates About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Saving Money > Saving Money Top Lists > The 31 Best Websites to Score Free Stuff The 31 Best Websites to Score Free StuffThe best websites can point you to free stuff every day. By Douglas Ehrman February 8, 2017 1 Comments gpointstudio / Shutterstock.com photka / Shutterstock.com Rawpixel.com / Shutterstock.com iStock.com / SBSArtDept Pressmaster / Shutterstock.com 06photo / Shutterstock.com ne3p / Shutterstock.com BestPhotoPlus / Shutterstock.com portumen / Shutterstock.com ben bryant / Shutterstock.com Cherries / Shutterstock.com Maya Kruchankova / Shutterstock.com Billion Photos / Shutterstock.com Rawpixel.com / Shutterstock.com iStock.com / ljubaphoto joannawnuk / Shutterstock.com Brent Hofacker / Shutterstock.com El Nariz / Shutterstock.com Africa Studio / Shutterstock.com Petr Bonek / Shutterstock.com AS photo studio / Shutterstock.com Rawpixel.com / Shutterstock.com Elena Elisseeva / Shutterstock.com OKcamera / Shutterstock.com vlaru / Shutterstock.com Chinnapong / Shutterstock.com mattburchell / Shutterstock.com Laboko / Shutterstock.com Jiri Hera / Shutterstock.com LittlePigPower / Shutterstock.com Mariana Aabb / Shutterstock.com Antoniob Gravante / Shutterstock.com 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Want to know how to get free stuff? All you have to do is search some tried-and-true websites to uncover the best deals, freebies and coupons. Knowing where to look can save you big money, so click through to see the 31 best websites where you can get free stuff. 1. FreeSamples.org FreeSamples.org is a portal that gives you access to free product offers for things such as household items. You also can find coupons for products and local restaurants. The offers are updated every day. Also Read: How to Score Free Samples from Target and More 2. Cardpool Cardpool is an online marketplace that allows you to purchase gift cards at a discount to use at your favorite stores. Although the discount levels vary, there are some attractive deals. You also can sell your gift cards for cash. 3. Craigslist Freecycling is based on the idea that many people no longer want or need used items that nonetheless still have a remaining useful life. Rather than throwing these items away, the owners offer them to the general public for free. Although Craigslist has a mixed reputation — users need to use caution and common sense when interacting with total strangers — it is also a great source for finding free stuff, including items offered through freecycling. 4. SmartSource.com Another great source of free coupons, SmartSource.com can help you save money on beauty products, groceries, weight loss products and even sanding sheets for your DIY projects. 5. All You Lifestyle website All You lists 59 birthday freebies. The site also provides coupons for groceries and household items, as well as offering other exclusive deals. 6. Coupons.com Couponing has grown from a trend into a lifestyle for many people. The number of websites dedicated to providing access to coupons has exploded in recent years. As a leader in the industry showcasing more than 2,000 brands, Coupons.com offers multiple ways to get coupons online for everything from laundry detergent to jewelry. You can use the site to print coupons, find coupon codes and discover discounts to specific retailers that you add to a credit or debit card. 7. The Krazy Coupon Lady Extreme couponing website The Krazy Coupon Lady is a great source of coupons for some of your favorite retailers. You'll find coupons for discount stores such as Walmart and Dollar Tree, as well as high-end brands such as Sephora. 8. FreeStuff.com FreeStuff.com gives you access to free samples of common household items ranging from coffee to moisturizer. You can use this site to save money on many items you already use, or to try out new brands for free. 9. Yerdle Yerdle describes itself as a "people-powered store." The more stuff you give away at this site, the more credits you earn to "buy" other things you want on Yerdle. This site can be a good option for items that are too valuable to simply give away or throw away. 10. The Freecycle Network The Freecycle Network is made up of more than 9 million members worldwide. It is dedicated to helping members get and give stuff for free. The goal is to put goods to their most efficient use and keep usable items out of landfills. The nonprofit describes itself as a "grassroots movement," and local volunteer moderators help keep exchanges safe and posts accurate. Membership is free. Related: How to Stop Paying for Stuff (Seriously!) 11. WomanFreebies.com Offering people the chance to try before they buy, WomanFreebies.com offers free samples, coupons and giveaways of products geared toward women. You'll find everything from candles and shoes to vacations at this site. WomanFreebies.com is a good place to look for fun stuff you need, or even a cheap gift for a family member or friend. 12. Drugs.com Drugs.com is an online resource that provides information about medicines. It also offers a drug discount program with a free membership card that can save you as much as 80 percent at major pharmacies, according to the website. 13. The ReUseIt Network The ReUseIt Network is a portal that gives you access and information on freecycling groups worldwide. The site focuses on directing you to freecycling groups and resources in your local area. 14. Free Stuff Finder Free Stuff Finder shares deals, giveaways and discounts offered online and at popular retailers. The site highlights your savings by showing you both the original price of an item and the price after coupons and discounts. 15. SweetFreeStuff.com SweetFreeStuff.com offers an e-newsletter that includes regular access to great deals online, coupons and free samples. The website also lists giveaways and sweepstakes you can sign up for online, plus free magazines, baby items, books and more. 16. The Penny Hoarder In addition to listing 100 places that have free birthday offers, The Penny Hoarder offers advice on saving and earning money in unconventional ways. 17. Hey, It’s Free! Another site with a long list of birthday freebies, Hey, It's Free! also is a good source for free offers throughout the year. Find coupons for a range of items, such as free food, moisturizer, comic books and codes for free rewards points. More in Freebies: How to Get Free Stuff on Your Birthday 18. Freaky Freddie’s In addition to deals on products for grown-ups, Freaky Freddie's has a long list of free stuff for kids. Check out offers for books, T-shirts, coloring books and activities such as roller-skating. 19. Totally Free Stuff Totally Free Stuff offers dozens of categories of free stuff, as well as daily updates. Search for items in categories for each type of person or interest — such as men, women, business, religious and wedding — or by product type, such as kitchen, pet products, toys, sports and automotive. 20. ILoveFreeThings.com ILoveFreeThings.com is another site with a diverse collection of free stuff for kids, from books to deals on fun activities like bowling. The site has dozens of other categories of free things for people of all ages. 21. Freeflys.com Freeflys.com provides lists of free samples, coupons and coupon codes. You can search the site or look for items sorted by category or brand name. 22. Raise Raise is an online marketplace that allows you to buy gift cards at a discount for products and services from more than 1,000 stores and restaurants including GameStop, Sephora and Outback Steakhouse. The site also gives you the option of selling unwanted or unused gift cards for cash. 23. Recycle the World Recycle the World is another freecycling website that allows you to post and find free stuff. Whether you are looking to get rid of unwanted items or hope to find something specific, the site lets you focus on your local area. It also provides a search tool to help you find recycling centers near you. 24. Freebie-Depot Freebie-Depot has "hot lists" for everything from everyday offers to birthday giveaways. The site features a range of products and services from various brands and retailers. Among its many categories, the site features a wedding freebies section that highlights deals for people who are getting married or who were recently married. 25. Lifehacker Lifehacker is known for unconventional solutions to everyday problems. But the website also publishes articles on how and where to save money, such as a feature on the best retail and restaurant birthday freebies. 26. Freebies.org In addition to providing access to a variety of offers, Freebies.org offers tips and tricks on how to save money, as well as "The Complete Guide to Freebie Hunting." 27. I Crave Freebies Similar to other online sources of free samples, I Crave Freebies offers links to coupons and free product samples. It also provides links to sites that pay you to take surveys. 28. Get It Free Updated daily, Get It Free finds free offers for everything from food to household products. As you browse the site, you can add coupons, deals, freebies and sweepstakes offers to your basket, just like you would when shopping online. 29. Freebies.com Freebies.com continues to provide a blend of both products and services from major national retailers that are offered at no charge. The site gives away a free pair of shoes every week, for example. 30. Shop4Freebies.com Shop4Freebies.com catalogs offers for everything from free home care product samples and bargains to free cookbooks. It updates its list of printable coupons and other offers daily. Hundreds of sites offer consumers great ways to save. This list narrows down the options so you can find providers of freebies and deals that suit your needs. 31. Slickdeals Slickdeals.com is the largest deal-sharing community on the web and has saved its members more than $4 billion. Members can share deals and coupons found online and the Slickdeals staff curates the best offers on the homepage. Up Next: Free Things to Do in Every State Next 20 Smart Things to Do With Your Tax Refund View All x 50 Cheapest Countries to Live In Here’s How Much Teachers Make in Every State Related Articles 10 Best Online Banks of 2017 The Most Popular Online Degrees and How Much They Cost Tricks to Curb Your Online Shopping Addiction How to Sell Used Clothes Online With Sites Like Poshmark, Threadflip and Tradesy These responses are not provided or commissioned by the bank advertiser. Responses have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser's responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered. We would love to hear your comments and feedback Amanda Wilson There is a lot more than those items that you can get for free. You can catch diseases, the cold and flu, venereal diseases, etc. Advertiser Disclosure Open a New Account * APY = Annual Percentage Yield Most Popular Personal Finance Articles 7 Ways to Profit Off Your Marriage You Can’t Put a Price Tag on Love — Amazingly Romantic Cruises 31 Tips When Doing Your Own Taxes Warren Buffett’s Best Tips to Live by — Of All Time Most Viewed Personal Finance Video Fark Module Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available. Featured In: Back To top GOBankingRates Newsletter: Subscribe × About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers Back To top © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Rights Reserved.
null
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Economy * Top Corporations * Business * More Tags... Industry News * Business * More Industries... News By Location * Fairfield   Connecticut   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News February 2017 Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo Su 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 America's Top 50 Inclusion Corporations:Who's Gaining Market Share By Doing The Right Thing?     Omnikal   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Economy * Top Corporations * Business Industry: * Business Location: * Fairfield - Connecticut - USFAIRFIELD, Conn. - Feb. 8, 2017 - PRLog -- Southport, CT:  Today, OMNIKAL (formerly DiversityBusiness.com) announced the Omni50 Award Winners, which are the top 50 US corporations who are awarding the most business to the growing, culturally diverse vendor/supplier marketplace. These same corporations are also successfully appealing to the growing Millennial Generation, which, by 2020, will be the largest and most diverse population and market segment in America, a market segment that is forcing brands to evolve from minority/diversity paradigms to inclusion. AT&T was named the #1 Omni50 Award Winning Corporation. Other companies at the top of the winners list include: Wal-Mart, Northrop Grumman, IBM, Apple, Bank of America, Verizon, Raytheon, Kroger, Microsoft, The Coca-Cola Company and Cisco.  Award Winners will be honored at OMNIKAL's 17th Annual Business Summit, May 18th in New York City at the Harvard Club. Who are the Omni50? The Omni50 is a ranking of the top 50 corporate buyers of multicultural products/services throughout the U.S. It represents the voice of over 2,000,000 privately held businesses in the OMNIKAL member community. The list is circulated by over 1,000 organizations, which reaches millions of consumers every year. Since 1999, it has become a highly valued metric of corporate excellence in reaching the Millennial Generation's diverse and inclusive market. The Omni50 Awards have become the most recognized honor of their kind in the country. These award-winning companies truly differentiate themselves in the marketplace in a time when inclusion has become one of the most important goals of every organization. It is also at a time when public recognition is key to ongoing financial, ethical, social and cultural success. Every year, OMNIKAL's 2,000,000 member businesses are polled to answer 10 questions about inclusion business practices in the marketplace. Their answers are based on factors such as volume, consistency and actual, quality business opportunities granted through contracts awarded to the diverse supplier marketplace. "The inclusion practices of the "Omni50" Awardees have changed the course of our current economy and as a result, the world as we know it" said Kenton Clarke, CEO of OMNIKAL. "The changing multicultural and multi-generational landscape of our country has demanded this evolution. OMNIKAL is proud to have been a force in the business world for such positive change. Our mission and goal is to equalize, broaden and level the playing field for both brands and an increasingly varied vendor/supplier marketplace." Top Honors for Top Corporations Who Do the Right Thing Most "top" lists honor companies for traditional economic growth, shareholder returns and similar metrics; however, the Omni50 awards are an indicator of which organizations provide the best business opportunities to the increasingly varied vendor/supplier marketplace. This, in turn, influences more corporations, as they compete for market share in multicultural and multi-generational communities. "Organizations that buy the most from diverse businesses through their Supplier Diversity Initiatives and who strive to continue developing mutually beneficial relationships should be recognized. This is a message worth spreading. And that is what we have accomplished through The Omni50 Awards." said Michelle Van Otten, Chief Marketing Officer at OMNIKAL. The Business Power of Inclusion As the culturally diverse Millennial market gains more buying power, corporations have to focus their efforts on rebranding and reorganizing to avoid losing market share and to remain current and relevant. The Omni50 list has therefore become the most critical guide for businesses as well as consumers. "As a business owner, I appreciate the business we receive from corporate buyers; and in turn, when I buy either personally or for my company, I am more likely to buy from the same companies that support my business or are supporting businesses like mine," said Kathy Steele, principle of Red Caffeine headquartered in Elmhurst, Illinois. About OMNIKAL Since 1999, OMNIKAL (formerly DiversityBusiness.com) is recognized as the "Gold Standard of corporate excellence in diversity and inclusion." OMNIKAL is the nation's largest inclusive business organization representing the voice of over 2,000,000 business owners, made up of a wide variety of American companies including many of the Fortune 100. Built to empower all entrepreneurs through a powerful social B2B platform that fuels real growth & success for all businesses. The OMNIKAL mission and goal is to equalize, broaden and level the playing field for both brands and an increasingly varied vendor/supplier marketplace. http://www.omnikal.com/ Source: omnikal.com/awards/omni50-top-corporate-awards; Facts sourced from the US Census Demographics and other published sources, including Jeffery L. Bowman with Jeremy Katz's book "Reframe The Marketplace: The Total Market Approach To Reaching The New Majority (Wiley 2015). Kendra Clarke, Public Relations Coordinator Quantise Rodgers, Director of Supplier Diversity Michelle Van Otten, Chief Marketing Officer www.omnikal.com Contact Quantise Rodgers Director of Supplier Diversity ***@omnikal.com End Source : Omnikal Email : ***@omnikal.com Tags : Economy, Top Corporations, Business Industry : Business Location : Fairfield - Connecticut - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse DiversityBusiness.com News Entrepreneurship- Recipe for Wealth Distribution by Kenton Clarke, DiversityBusiness.com America's Top Organizations for Multicultural Business Opportunities Call for Nominations: 2017 "Champions of Diversity" "DiversityBusiness.com 17th Annual National Summit" Announced 17th Annual "Top Businesses in America" Awards Program Announced Trending Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup New Fie Western Announced—Celebrations Begin With Free Western Giveaway of Million Selling Novel BizLibrary Releases New Features and Enhancements to Award-Winning Online Learning Platform DEP Wins 2017 Automotive Website Award in Websites Category $25,000 prize for startups from Seattle and the Greater Pacific Northwest: Synergy Tech Startup Contest announces an event for innovative companies Daily News Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2363 views Domenico Winery San Carlos, CA hosts 9 wineries for February 12th Valentine's Wine & Chocolate event - 1175 views Certified Professional Coach Clinton Ages Hosts A Three Session Vision Board Summit - 233 views Grassroots group transforms Cattle Ranch into live-in Library & Arts Center - 221 views Howard University Site for 2017 Kick-Off of "I am Psyched" Pop-up Museum National Tour - 206 views Weekly News Top Women Entrepreneurs of Alaska nominees for 2017 announced - 3110 views Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2363 views Hanley Investment Group & Coldwell Banker DuFour Realty Arrange Sale of New STNL ULTA Beauty - 1519 views Transformation Day is February 18th - 1172 views Husband and Wife Filmmakers Release Their Romantic Comedy 2 YEARS OF LOVE on Valentine's Day - 1053 views Daily News Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2363 views Domenico Winery San Carlos, CA hosts 9 wineries for February 12th Valentine's Wine & Chocolate event - 1175 views Certified Professional Coach Clinton Ages Hosts A Three Session Vision Board Summit - 233 views Grassroots group transforms Cattle Ranch into live-in Library & Arts Center - 221 views Howard University Site for 2017 Kick-Off of "I am Psyched" Pop-up Museum National Tour - 206 views Weekly News Top Women Entrepreneurs of Alaska nominees for 2017 announced - 3110 views Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2363 views Hanley Investment Group & Coldwell Banker DuFour Realty Arrange Sale of New STNL ULTA Beauty - 1519 views Transformation Day is February 18th - 1172 views Husband and Wife Filmmakers Release Their Romantic Comedy 2 YEARS OF LOVE on Valentine's Day - 1053 views PTC News Take the Chocolate Tour at Lennar's Heritage Active Adult communities - 387 views Next Gen® Family The Esquer's Showcased on CBS LA - 279 views New Homes at Foster Square Released for Sale - 183 views PM&E, Inc. Receives US$ 500,000 Investment in Cash And Appoints an Exclusive Agent for Asia - 179 views Save the Date for Lennar's The Grove Grand Opening Later This Month - 166 views Feb 08, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Saturday, February 11, 2017 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Search × What's a serial entrepreneur to do when the world is topsy-turvy? Chicagoans should not throw away O'Hare's shot Why Chicago trading firms have a Twitter crush Outgunned by Slack, a Chicago entrepreneur comes back with a new startup Lawyer William Schopf saved Music Box. Now he wants to save Michigan from bad wine. Why Cat won't be the last Chicago-bound HQ Why did the mayor abandon Get In Chicago? Walgreens is just like the rest of us: In the dark about Obamacare's future If one Citadel is good, could two be better? The U.S.'s first organic farm REIT is based in Evanston × Weather × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics City and County Government Greg Hinz Rich Miller State and Federal Government Opinion & Columnists Editorial Editorial Cartoon Opinion Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Kapos Takes Names Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move February 08, 2017 Aldi's $1.6 billion battle plan (Bloomberg)—Low-brow grocer Aldi is making things a little more posh, part of a plan to steal market share from the big supermarket chains. The discounter is spending $1.6 billion to upgrade 1,300 U.S. stores while keeping its prices low. It's the biggest remodeling investment ever by Aldi U.S., which is controlled by a faction of Germany's billionaire Albrecht family. "We're becoming more and more mainstream with more customers," Aldi U.S. CEO Jason Hart said as he toured a remodeled location in southwest suburban Plainfield. "We've got older stores. We need to get up to date." Aldi U.S. is based in west suburban Batavia. FIERCE COMPETITION The remodeling comes as supermarkets are competing fiercely with Wal-Mart and Amazon to draw customers with lower prices, streamlined selections and even services like delivery. Aldi's plans may allow it to steal share from foodie favorites such as Whole Foods Market and Trader Joe's, which is controlled by a different bloc of the Albrecht clan. Aldi hopes to draw about 60 million shoppers a month by 2020, up from about 40 million currently, but it faces an uphill climb. U.S. grocery industry sales are projected to increase only 0.2 percent this year to about $612 billion, according to researcher IBISWorld. And revenue is forecast to gain 1 percent or less for the next five years after that. "There's limited growth," said Jim Sanderson, managing director at investment firm Arthur W. Wood. "For the typical U.S. grocery store, there's just too much square footage right now." Even so, there's still room for private-label chains like Aldi to expand, Sanderson said. The chain is projected to reach $12 billion in revenue this year, up from $11 billion two years ago, according to IBISWorld. "You've got under-penetration of the hard discounters, which is what Aldi is," he said. About 300 Aldi stores in the U.S. already have the new look. The upgrades include sleeker refrigerator doors and windows to bring in more natural light. The company is widening the first aisle, expanding the front of the store and raising ceilings by as much as six feet. The stores also are about 20 percent larger, allowing Aldi to add more items to its quickly growing lines of organic produce, fresh meat and alcohol. The wine is housed in fancier wood fixtures with spotlights. A picture by the fresh meat shows a rare-cooked steak being cut and seasoned. "It's a modern shopping experience," Hart said. CHAIN'S HISTORY Aldi was founded more than a century ago when Anna Albrecht opened a small store in Essen, Germany. Her sons, Karl and Theo, took over in 1948 and quickly expanded. In 1962, the name became Aldi, shortened from Albrecht Discount. That same year, the brothers split the chain into two companies—Aldi Süd and Aldi Nord—following a dispute about whether to sell cigarettes. Aldi Süd oversees the U.S. operations. The closely held company opened its first U.S. store in 1976 in Iowa. It expanded in the Midwest before moving into other parts of the country, including the debut of its first California store last year. The grocer has said it will reach 2,000 locations nationwide by the end of next year. That pits Aldi against established West Coast favorites Trader Joe's and Sprouts Farmers Market. The moves also will place it in direct competition with Whole Foods, which has struggled lately to boost sales as more retailers sell organic and natural fare. Last year in Los Angeles, Whole Foods opened the first of its smaller, lower-priced stores called 365. Over the past three years, Aldi has ramped up its organic offerings, too, featuring a private-label line called SimplyNature, whose sales jumped about 54 percent last year to more than $300 million. The brand includes items such as coconut oil, cereals, almond butter and produce. With its no-frills approach—bag-your-own groceries, 25-cent cart rentals, giant quick-to-scan bar codes—Aldi has managed to sell its wares for less than others. It advertises that customers can save up to 50 percent by shopping there. And the chain won't be raising its signature low prices to pay for the remodels, Hart said. "Although they are trying to add more organic options and things like that, it's important to keep the customers they have," said Madeline Hurley, an analyst at IBISWorld. "The balance is crucial." ... To see the full article, subscribe or log in. Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communication, Inc.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Lifestyle February 8, 2017 12:39 pm Updated: February 9, 2017 2:59 pm Ivanka Trump boycott continues; Donald Trump comments on Twitter By Marilisa Racco National Online Journalist, Smart Living  Global News WATCH: More retailers are dropping Ivanka Trump's brand from their stores. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Update: In a memo obtained by The New York Times, last Wednesday employees of T.J. Maxx and Marshalls were instructed to remove Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories from featured sections, and to throw away any Ivanka Trump branded signs. The note explicitly stated: “Effective immediately, please remove all Ivanka Trump merchandise from features and mix into the runs.” Doreen Thompson, a spokesperson for the TJX Companies, responded to the decision in an email to the Times. WATCH: Trump’s Nordstrom tweets are ‘abuse of power’, says watchdog “The communication was intended to instruct stores to mix this line of merchandise into our racks, not to remove it from the sales floor,” she wrote. “We offer a rapidly changing selection of merchandise for our customers, and brands are featured based on a number of factors.” The list of retailers dropping the Ivanka Trump brand from their shelves, both real and virtual, continues to grow. The Home Shopping Network (HSN) and online search engine ShopStyle are the latest companies to dissociate from the first daughter’s line. Today, U.S. President Donald Trump took to his favourite outlet — Twitter — to decry these decisions, taking aim at Nordstrom. Story continues below My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 The retail giant announced it would no longer carry the Ivanka Trump brand on Feb. 3. Although most of the retailers have cited declining sales as the reason for dropping the brand, and avoided delving into political rhetoric, HSN provided a nonpartisan yet liberal-leaning statement to Mic. READ MORE: Ivanka Trump’s fashion line boycotted with #GrabYourWallet campaign “At HSN we are nonpartisan and our product decisions are based solely on a continual evaluation related to our business,” the company said via email. “While we don’t take a political position at HSN, we recognize that our employees, our partners and our customers will have wide-ranging views on politics and public policy. That sometimes means people will have differences of opinion, but we welcome and encourage that diversity of thought.” Shannon Coulter, founder of the #GrabYourWallet campaign that was launched in October in an attempt to boycott Trump products after the president’s scandalous Access Hollywood recording came to light, has said that both retailers will be taken off the campaign’s boycott list. WATCH: White House has ‘counselled’ Kellyanne Conway following Ivanka Trump endorsement In addition, online giant Jet.com, which was purchased by Walmart in August, has quietly been pulling Ivanka Trump clothing and fragrances from its site. Coulter says that it too will be taken off the boycott list. “We vote with our cash,” Coulter said to Mic. “We’ll continue voting this way every day in favour of a more respectful, inclusive society.” These retailers join a growing list of companies that have stopped carrying the Ivanka Trump brand, including Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom. Both stores have cited poor sales for their decision, however an internal memo circulated to Nordstrom employees days before the announcement indicates that the travel ban imposed by the Trump administration was a factor in their decision. “We currently employ more than 76,000 people who comprise different races, ethnicities and genders,” the statement read. “We literally have thousands of employees who are first- and second-generation immigrants. Every one of your unique qualities brings a richness that allows us to better reflect and serve the multicultured communities we’re a part of and ultimately makes us a better company.” WATCH: Ivanka Trump lines pulled from stores Company presidents Peter, Erik and Blake Nordstrom ended the memo with the following statement: “We will continue to value diversity, inclusion, respect, and kindness … you can count on that.” Recently, Canadians have virtually called out to The Hudson’s Bay Company to drop Ivanka Trump for their brand offerings, and have started a #baycott campaign on Twitter. Hey @hudsonsbay – NOW it is a "Truly Canadian moment!" I can see the difference. Can you? #GrabYourWallet #cdnpoli #baycott pic.twitter.com/RnwebfX6AP — Amanda St. Jean (@AmandaStJean) February 8, 2017 I am a VIP customer of Hudson's Bay (HBC) and I will not shop there until they drop all Trump merchandise. #baycott #GrabYourWallet — Kee (@Kee8000) February 8, 2017 Return your crappy coupons and wasteful plastic to @hudsonsbay ! #baycott #GrabYourWallet pic.twitter.com/uiTcGWaimu — JB (@thisgirlontop) February 8, 2017 While @hudsonsbay is my go-to department store, I will be shopping elsewhere until Ivanka #trump products are no longer carried. #baycott — michael budd (@hot_sushi) February 8, 2017 Canadian online retailer Shoes.com dropped the Ivanka Trump brand in November as #GrabYourWallet was picking up steam, and stated: “We understand and your voices have been heard. We have removed the products from our website.” Global News has reached out to The Bay for comment. © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error #baycott #GrabYourWallet Donald Trump Ivanka Trump boycott grows ivanka trump brand Ivanka Trump brand boycott Ivanka Trump brand dropped from stores more stores drop Ivanka Trump Nordstrom Smart Living The Bay Ivanka Trump Travel Ban Editor's Picks Money Why variable-rate mortgages are becoming more attractive to Canadians Crime 20 years later, Diana Saunders still searches for her 3 missing sons Canada Muslim misconceptions: The everyday Islamophobia facing Canadians Money Trump travel ban prompts high-skilled workers, companies to reconsider Canada Politics Anonymous calls for travel ban on US citizens, boycott of Donald Trump businesses Commentary Cucks and chaos: How Trump sets conservatives at each other's throats Canada Renee was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, depression and agoraphobia. Here’s how she got help FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Man who beheaded Greyhound bus passenger granted full discharge 8514 Donald Trump is considering a whole new travel ban 4302 Seth Meyers calls out Donald Trump's silence on Quebec mosque shooting 3037 Why you should look up in the night sky this weekend 2997 Not the common cold: Mom urges parents to pay attention for RSV signs 1917 Sponsored content Popular Videos Man missing in Alberta after collision on Highway 1 WATCH NOW Missing Canadian found near Amazon rainforest, comes home to Toronto WATCH NOW Twin sex offenders released in Edmonton show long history of deviant behaviour WATCH NOW Anton Pilipa, missing Canadian found near Amazon rainforest, comes home to Toronto WATCH NOW Family puts the brakes on 17-year-long road trip WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Call for Essays on Topics in Culture; Present, Past and the Speculative Future Toggle navigation Search Recent Features Features Home Special Sections Reviews News Music Film Books TV Comics Games Culture //Home //Books //News Read All About It Print Might Be on the Rise But Book Sale Figures Are Incomplete by Maria Sciullo Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (TNS) 8 February 2017 Tweet Traditional hardcover book sales have overtaken e-book numbers for the first time since 2012.   At first glance, it was surprising news from the recent Digital Book World conference in New York City: Traditional hardcover book sales had overtaken e-book numbers for the first time since 2012. That’s according to Jonathan Stolper, senior vice president and global managing director for Nielsen’s book ratings, in a keynote address to the conference two weeks ago, as reported by Publishers Weekly. Indeed, another recent report from the Association of American Publishers noted print sales showing year-to-year growth from January through August. Old-school print, it would appear, was making a comeback. Skeptics, however, were quick to note you can’t judge a book sales analysis by its cover. Data Guy, a pseudonym for the well-regarded data analyst who co-founded the numbers-crunching website AuthorEarnings.com, has some figures of his own. “What we have here are people looking at the partial picture, and drawing the big picture from it. Still, Nielsen is closer to (getting) the complete picture than anyone out there,” he said. He noted PubTrack, which was acquired by Nielsen, collects data from the 30 largest publishers. Left out of the mix for most purchase charts is bookselling behemoth Amazon, which not only moves the most print books in America, but also is a digital giant for Kindle sales. Because it owns Audible.com, which sells its audio books through not just Amazon but also retailers such as Apple, Amazon also accounts for almost all of the U.S. sales in that category. Yet with Amazon stomping the big-box retailer competition such as Barnes & Noble and Wal-Mart, something unexpected has happened: Small, independent bookstores are finding more room to grow. “Even though 70 percent of book sales are online, our brick-and-mortar stores around the country have seen an uptick,” said Susan Hans O’Connor, owner of Sewickley, Pa.’s Penguin Bookshop. Granted, she said, it’s a smaller piece of the big pie, but with sales up by 10 percent, they are happy to have it. Getting readers into the shop is a matter of promotion, and 2016 was a good year for Penguin. “We had a lot of big authors come in (for appearances): Stephen King, David Baldacci, Gayle Forman. The reason they agreed to come in is, instead of going to the big cities, they support independent bookstores.” The picture was similar across Pittsburgh. “Sales were up by January of 2017 over January of 2016,” said Dan Iddings, owner of the independent Classic Lines bookstore. Like O’Connor, he said he didn’t have exact figures yet. “Our sales are up across the board. We are sort of a general purpose bookstore, best-sellers in every category. We still have some used books in our inventory, but we have been phasing that out in the past year,” Iddings added. Personalized service is a draw, he said, noting the store’s bookmarks bear the motto: “We have the book you didn’t know you wanted.” “We need to think of ourselves as not just consumers, but unique communities,” O’Connor said. “We appreciate the support of our communities.” AMAZON’S FOOTPRINT Data Guy’s day job is data analysis in the video game industry. He speaks numbers the way others embrace French or Italian. He’s also an author, and it would be folly to risk running afoul of the media giant, hence the secret identity. He created Author Earnings with fellow writer Hugh Howey. Such is his credibility, he often speaks at book industry conferences and has been quoted by mainstream media outlets. His methodology takes existing figures from traditional sources but adds in data “scraped” from booksellers’ websites, hence the Amazon estimates. Here is his general take on the book market breakdown: — Fifty-five percent of all trade book purchases in the U.S. were Amazon sales in 2016. Trade refers to professional publishers of titles for the general public. — Forty-one percent of all Nielsen BookScan-tracked print books purchased in the U.S. were bought online through Amazon.com. Add in the remaining 15 percent of traditional print sales untracked by BookScan plus an additional 17 million independent CreateSpace (a self-publishing site owned by Amazon) sales, and Amazon accounts for 37 percent of all print books purchased in the U.S. — Eighty-two percent of all e-books purchased in the U.S. were Amazon Kindle titles. His extensive slides take into account that there are large numbers of books being sold — in print and digital — that don’t bear identifying tracking codes known as ISBNs. For example, he estimates U.S. consumers spent $550 million yearly on e-books that don’t bear these codes. Although most of these titles are self-published, about 12 percent of traditionally published e-books lack ISBNs. These are published through smaller, boutique houses. In general, books lacking ISBNs are not included in market sales figures. He calls the self-publishing boom a “phenomenon” of the industry. The outdated image of self-publishing — the author setting up a card table of books at a Saturday farmers market — has been replaced by a robust online store that includes niche space on Amazon. The adult romance genre, for example, is huge in nontraditional publishing. About 55 percent of all such titles online are independent, self-published. The average e-book cost is $2.79. These little sales might not sound like much, but they add up. Other underserved genres include African-American fiction, where 71 percent of all formats are indie self-published. The traditional Big Five publishers (HarperCollins, Macmillan, Penguin Random House, Hachette, and Simon & Schuster) accounted for just 4 percent of this subgenre’s e-book sales. Thanks to price adjustments through the past 19 months, it appears that the more intriguing comparisons are not “print vs. e-book,” but bricks-and-mortar sales vs. online. Amazon — which launched physical retail stores in Portland, Ore., San Diego and Seattle, with plans for five more in upcoming months — offers customers print and digital sales but also showcases its tech products such as the Echo home assistant, Kindle tablet and Fire digital streaming device. Independent booksellers, O’Connor said, have no choice but to take up the challenge in a “scary landscape.” But she said, “On the flip side, I don’t have to worry about Amazon coming here with bricks and mortar on Beaver Street, because they’re all about money. Our neighborhood isn’t that big.” Share via   We all know how critical it is to keep independent voices alive and strong online. Please consider a donation to support our work as an independent publisher devoted to the arts and humanities. Your donation will help PopMatters stay viable through these changing and challenging times where advertising no longer covers our costs. We need your help to keep PopMatters publishing. Thank you.   //comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. //Mixed media Nathan Fake "RVK (feat. Raphaelle)" (Singles Going Steady) // Music Kate Tempest "Europe Is Lost" (Singles Going Steady) // Music Wild Beasts "Alpha Female" (Singles Going Steady) // Music The Range "Florida" (Singles Going Steady) // Music Big Sean "Halfway Off the Balcony" (Singles Going Steady) // Music Expand MIXED MEDIA Teengirl Fantasy "Star // Music Aloud (feat. Cold Blood Club) "Agua Mala" (premiere) // Music Missy Elliott "I'm Better" feat. Lamb (Singles Going Steady) // Music Gallant Shows Why He's One of the World's Best New Soul Singers // Music Jamiroquai "Automaton" (Singles Going Steady) // Music Collapse MIXED MEDIA //Pm Picks Caravaggio May Be the Least Documented Yet Most Constructed Renaissance Artist Bunuel's 'Exterminating Angel' Is a Source of Surrealist Satisfaction P.O.S: Chill, Dummy All the Gilmore Girls Come Full Circle in "Fall" 'John Wick: Chapter 2' Kills It Chuck Prophet: Bobby Fuller Died for Your Sins Pickett Was Wicked Good and Wicked Bad: 'In the Midnight Hour' Lowly: Heba Expand Pm Picks Syd: Fin // Music 'This Is Us' "The Trip" Explores the Past to Cast Light on the Present // TV 'Dark Money' Shines Light on the Billionaires Waging Secret War on Democracy // Books Paranoia's on the Wing in 'No Highway in the Sky' // Film Migos: C U L T U R E // Music Sampha: Process // Music Collapse Pm Picks //Blogs The Dead Haunt Me in 'Dishonored 2' // Moving Pixels "Not killing one person doesn't make up for killing another. Life and death don't balance out that easily. READ the article explore BLOGS 20 Questions: The Accidentals by Jonathan Frahm 7 Feb 2017 // 9:46 AM The Moving Pixels Podcast Experiences 'Event 0' by G. Christopher Williams 6 Feb 2017 // 8:45 AM Paranoia's on the Wing in 'No Highway in the Sky' by Michael Barrett 6 Feb 2017 // 2:45 AM In 'Supernatural' Season 12 Episode 10: “Lily Sunder Has Some Regrets” by Jessy Krupa 3 Feb 2017 // 12:00 PM 'Infinite Warfare' Had the Best FPS Campaign of 2016 by Nick Dinicola 3 Feb 2017 // 11:28 AM America Needs Willy Wonka Now More Than Ever by SysAdmin 2 Feb 2017 // 9:00 AM 'The Witness' Sees Investigation As the Most Important of Human Virtues by G. Christopher Williams 1 Feb 2017 // 7:59 AM Rediscovered 'Something Wild' Is a Provocative Button-Pusher by Michael Barrett 1 Feb 2017 // 2:45 AM Hart of the Western: 'Wagon Tracks' by Michael Barrett 30 Jan 2017 // 8:00 AM Collapse BLOGS ABOUT Mission Staff Contact JOIN Submissions Book Series biz Advertising Privacy Policy FOLLOW us rss Facebook Twitter Soundcloud Pinterest © 1999-2017 PopMatters.com. All rights reserved. PopMatters.com™ and PopMatters™ are trademarks of PopMatters Media, Inc. PopMatters is wholly independently owned and operated.
Chron.com Houston Chronicle Upstream Exploration Production Shale Discoveries Crude oil Natural gas Midstream & Downstream Pipelines Transportation Gasoline Refineries Industry News Finance/Earnings M&A People Power Solar Wind Nuclear Renewable Energy Natural gas Events Top workplaces Chronicle 100 Energy Services Offshore Politics & Policy Texas Jobs Menu Upstream Exploration Production Shale Discoveries Crude oil Natural gas Midstream & Downstream Pipelines Transportation Gasoline Refineries Industry News Finance/Earnings M&A People Power Solar Wind Nuclear Renewable Energy Natural gas Events Top workplaces Chronicle 100 Energy Services Offshore Politics & Policy Texas Jobs James Baker among GOP group pressing carbon tax to Trump Posted by James Osborne Date: February 08, 2017 James A. Baker, who served as the U.S. Secretary of State between 1989 and 1992. (AP Photo/Nousha Salimi) Some big name Republicans have joined on to a coalition lobbying to combat climate change through a carbon tax. A group that includes former Secretary of State James Baker III, former Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson, former Secretary of State George Shultz and former Walmart Chairman Rob Walton are pressing President Donald Trump to back a proposal that would tax carbon emissions and then  return that money to U.S. taxpayers through a dividend payment. Baker met with Trump’s National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn at the White House Wednesday morning and said afterwards while they didn’t get an immediate response, “I think they’re going to look at it.” “If you’re a Republican there’s a lot to like,” Baker said before boarding a plane at Dulles International Airport to fly back to Houston. “The risks [of climate change] are so great, if the greenies are right. You need an insurance policy, and this a damn fine, free market, conservative, less regulation proposal. It’s very simple at it will work.” As concerns rise over the impact greenhouse gas emissions are having on the earth’s atmosphere, some economists have pressed the federal government to institute a carbon tax as the most direct and least complicated means of addressing climate change. Supporters of the proposal include former Vice President Al Gore, environmental groups and even some large oil companies, including Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell. But Republican and Democratic leaders alike have resisted, concerned that rising prices at the gasoline pump and heating bills would lead to a backlash from voters. The conservative group Heritage Action lashed out at the plan Wednesday morning as an “just the latest example of policy solutions crafted by and made for cultural elites.” “There is no room in the Republican Party for a carbon tax. These so-called Party elders might want to meet with former Secretary Clinton to discuss this idea.” Under the plan put forward by the Climate Leadership Council, the U.S. government would institute a $40 per ton carbon tax that would increase over time. The tax revenue would be returned to taxpayers through a dividend estimated at $2,000 a year for an average family of four. At the same time, a border tax on carbon would be implemented to “protect American competitiveness and punish free-riding by other nations.” And much of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s carbon regulations – like the controversial Clean Power Plan – would be terminated. Former presidential candidate Mitt Romney offered his support, tweeting Wednesday, “Thought-provoking plan from highly respected conservatives to both strengthen the economy & confront climate risks.” But so far Republicans currently in elected office have largely been quiet. Baker still describes himself as a “climate change skeptic,” but one who concedes the planet is warming and mankind is playing some role in that – how much he says is impossible to say. While outside the views of mainstream climate scientists, it’s also anathema to many Republicans who would just as soon see no action on climate change. Trump himself has in the past called climate change a Chinese hoax and more recently has questioned predictions by scientists of flooded coastlines, crop failures and water shortages. Baker, whose law firm Baker Botts has a long roster of oil and gas industry clients, said while he didn’t expect Republican lawmakers to sign on immediately he though the proposal was a starting point to give the party “a seat at the climate change table.” “We’ll see what happens,” he said. “Is it an uphill climb? You bet it is. Is it something you that needs to be done? You bet it is.”   SHOW MORE View Comments Newsletter Get FuelFix straight to your email. Subscribe Oil & Gas Jobs Study: Most laid-off energy workers remain out of work January 09, 2017 How did Texas’ oil capital do in the price crash? December 13, 2016 Oil field hiring could pick up next year, survey shows November 17, 2016 Anadarko cutting 58 jobs in East Texas November 07, 2016 U.S. oil and gas rig count up again; Permian booms October 21, 2016 About Us Contact Us Newsletters Privacy Policy Your California Rights Brought to you by the Houston Chronicle. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Hytrol Attends Largest Retail Supply Chain Conference in US Next Week at Booth 134 Jonesboro, AR — (SBWIRE) — 02/08/2017 — Hytrol has announced that the company will be a silver sponsor as well as exhibiting in booth #134 at the Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA) Retail Supply Chain Conference at the Gaylord Palms Resort and Convention Center in Orlando, FL from Feb. 12-15, 2017. Hytrol is a proud member of RILA. RILA’s Retail Supply Chain Conference plays host to the Top 10 U.S. retailers and many top supply chain executives all under one roof. The Retail Supply Chain Conference is the must-attend event of the year for supply chain executives. Nine of the top 10 retail companies attend each year. The line-up of retail speakers is over 70 expert speakers and general session speakers from supply chain leaders from The Home Depot, Claire’s, Hudson’s Bay, Nike, Lowe’s, Target, Walmart, and more. As the largest conveyor manufacturer in North America and a leading provider of advanced material handling solutions, we are excited to exhibit at the Retail Supply Chain Conference and to have the opportunity to meet with retail and product manufacturer executives from across the globe. Our material handling industry experts will be on-site and available to meet with interested attendees. In attendance will be David Peacock, president, Chuck Waddle, vice president of business development; Mitch Smith, director of product management; and Boyce Bonham, chief engineer. Peacock explained Hytrol’s participation at this year’s conference is important for both the company and for the attendees. “These are exciting times for the industry,” he said. “The tremendous growth at Hytrol—both with incoming orders growing 40 percent year over year and with our plant expansion growing our capacity to sustain our quick lead time—makes these very exciting times at Hytrol as well!” He said the on-going transformation occurring within retail distribution has aligned nicely with the company’s recent initiatives. “Our product offerings enable the user to improve throughput at a lower cost per unit than they have seen to date,” Peacock said. With the company’s expansive catalog of material handling solutions and systems, Hytrol is confident that it can accommodate the ever-changing needs of retail companies in attendance. About Hytrol Hytrol (http://www.hytrol.com) designs and manufactures advanced conveyor systems, controls, and solutions for customers with processing, manufacturing, warehousing, and distribution needs. For almost 70 years, Hytrol has demonstrated an unwavering dedication to understanding the unique material handling needs of businesses. Hytrol is focused on creating innovative, customized conveyor solutions that help companies achieve their goals. For the first time in Hytrol’s history, they have over 1000 employees. Hytrol’s Technology Center is the birthplace for many industry-changing innovations, such as EZLogic® zero-pressure accumulation and E24™, an energy efficient, 24-volt solution and an extensive line of advanced sortation offerings, ProSort 400 Elite series high speed shoe sorter, as well as the ProSort MRT series narrow belt sorter. Hytrol is experiencing consistent growth; 2016 will be the company’s best year ever and significant plant expansion continues. Hytrol is strengthened by its Integration Partner Network with 100+ locations worldwide. Hytrol is a proud member of RILA (Retail Industry Leaders Association) MHI, CEMA (Conveyor Equipment Manufacturers Association), along with IABSC (International Association of Baggage System). Follow Hytrol on Twitter @hytrol. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, general, Home and Garden, Industry, Technology, Uncategorized, unit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Demand Driven Discrete Manufacturers Are Automating Manual Processes According to Synchrono Report Next PostNext Magline and Rotacaster Partnership Creates Ergonomic Self-Stabilizer Hand Truck Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Most popular baby names of the 1950s A rape survivor, man who raped her team up Houston Zoo welcomes new baby Princeton Review: Colleges with the best ROI Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Authorities searching for missing Baytown teen Police: Katy man arrested with six ounces of cocaine in Jefferson Baytown murder suspect indicted for teenage girlfriend's slaying Father whose young daughters were found with cocaine lands back US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos New Orleans woman clings to her 8-week-old baby as tornado slings Twitter goes nuts for #ThingsYouThoughtWereReal Lost and Found: Store tries to reunite photos with families Lost and Found: Store tries to reunite photos with families Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis The Woodlands clinches district title with comeback win over Baseball America: Astros' Francis Martes is baseball's 15th-best Families of men killed with Jose Fernandez file lawsuits Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Brazos Mall sprucing up with $25 million makeover Small-business resources Super Bowl LI concessions set record, report says Doll based on transgender teen to debut at New York Toy Fair A&E Preview Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Books Events & Things To Do Puzzles & Games Comics Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work First look: Field & Tides in the Heights 5 things to do this weekend Advice from celebrities about love and marriage Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Macaroni and cheese festival coming to Houston in April Franklin Graham said immigration is 'not a Bible issue.' Here's Memorial Park Conservancy throws picnic-style gala at the Forest Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/entertainment/restaurants-bars/article/Chobani-Caf-to-open-in-the-Woodlands-10917184.php Chobani Café to open in the Woodlands By Greg Morago, Houston Chronicle Updated 9:06 am, Wednesday, February 8, 2017 Image 1of/14 Caption Close Image 1 of 14 Chobani, the Greek yogurt brand, is opening a Chobani Café (its first outside of New Yok) at the new Walmart store in the Woodlands, 25800 Kuykendahl Road. It is scheduled to open Feb. 28. Shown: Chobani yogurt dishes from the New York café. less Chobani, the Greek yogurt brand, is opening a Chobani Café (its first outside of New Yok) at the new Walmart store in the Woodlands, 25800 Kuykendahl Road. It is scheduled to open Feb. 28. Shown: Chobani ... more Image 2 of 14 | chobani Chobani, the Greek yogurt brand, is opening a Chobani Café (its first outside of New Yok) at the new Walmart store in the Woodlands, 25800 Kuykendahl Road. It is scheduled to open Feb. 28. Shown: Chobani yogurt dishes from the New York café. less Chobani, the Greek yogurt brand, is opening a Chobani Café (its first outside of New Yok) at the new Walmart store in the Woodlands, 25800 Kuykendahl Road. It is scheduled to open Feb. 28. Shown: Chobani ... more Image 3 of 14 Chobani, the Greek yogurt brand, is opening a Chobani Café (its first outside of New Yok) at the new Walmart store in the Woodlands, 25800 Kuykendahl Road. It is scheduled to open Feb. 28. Shown: Chobani yogurt dishes from the New York café. less Chobani, the Greek yogurt brand, is opening a Chobani Café (its first outside of New Yok) at the new Walmart store in the Woodlands, 25800 Kuykendahl Road. It is scheduled to open Feb. 28. Shown: Chobani ... more Image 4 of 14 | chobani Chobani, the Greek yogurt brand, is opening a Chobani Café (its first outside of New Yok) at the new Walmart store in the Woodlands, 25800 Kuykendahl Road. It is scheduled to open Feb. 28. Shown: Chobani yogurt dishes from the New York café. less Chobani, the Greek yogurt brand, is opening a Chobani Café (its first outside of New Yok) at the new Walmart store in the Woodlands, 25800 Kuykendahl Road. It is scheduled to open Feb. 28. Shown: Chobani ... more Image 5 of 14 | chobani Chobani, the Greek yogurt brand, is opening a Chobani Café (its first outside of New Yok) at the new Walmart store in the Woodlands, 25800 Kuykendahl Road. It is scheduled to open Feb. 28. Shown: Chobani yogurt dishes from the New York café. less Chobani, the Greek yogurt brand, is opening a Chobani Café (its first outside of New Yok) at the new Walmart store in the Woodlands, 25800 Kuykendahl Road. It is scheduled to open Feb. 28. Shown: Chobani ... more Image 6 of 14 Chobani, the Greek yogurt brand, is opening a Chobani Café (its first outside of New Yok) at the new Walmart store in the Woodlands, 25800 Kuykendahl Road. It is scheduled to open Feb. 28. Shown: Chobani yogurt dishes from the New York café. less Chobani, the Greek yogurt brand, is opening a Chobani Café (its first outside of New Yok) at the new Walmart store in the Woodlands, 25800 Kuykendahl Road. It is scheduled to open Feb. 28. Shown: Chobani ... more Image 7 of 14 Artist renderings of the new Chobani Cafe, opening Feb. 28 in the Woodlands. Artist renderings of the new Chobani Cafe, opening Feb. 28 in the Woodlands. Photo: Chobani Image 8 of 14 Artist renderings of the new Chobani Cafe, opening Feb. 28 in the Woodlands. Artist renderings of the new Chobani Cafe, opening Feb. 28 in the Woodlands. Photo: Chobani Image 9 of 14 Artist renderings of the new Chobani Cafe, opening Feb. 28 in the Woodlands. Artist renderings of the new Chobani Cafe, opening Feb. 28 in the Woodlands. Photo: Chobani Image 10 of 14 Artist renderings of the new Chobani Cafe, opening Feb. 28 in the Woodlands. Artist renderings of the new Chobani Cafe, opening Feb. 28 in the Woodlands. Photo: Chobani Image 11 of 14 Artist renderings of the new Chobani Cafe, opening Feb. 28 in the Woodlands. Artist renderings of the new Chobani Cafe, opening Feb. 28 in the Woodlands. Photo: Chobani Image 12 of 14 From Chobani: a new Meze Dip line that includes yogurt dips in flavors such as roasted red pepper, three-pepper salsa, chili lime, and smoked onion and parmesan. From Chobani: a new Meze Dip line that includes yogurt dips in flavors such as roasted red pepper, three-pepper salsa, chili lime, and smoked onion and parmesan. Photo: Chobani Image 13 of 14 From Chobani: a new Meze Dip line that includes yogurt dips in flavors such as roasted red pepper, three-pepper salsa, chili lime, and smoked onion and parmesan. From Chobani: a new Meze Dip line that includes yogurt dips in flavors such as roasted red pepper, three-pepper salsa, chili lime, and smoked onion and parmesan. Photo: Chobani Image 14 of 14 Chobani Café to open in the Woodlands 1 / 14 Back to Gallery The Woodlands seems to be the place for new fun foods outlets. Last week the Cake Boss announced Carlo's Bakery is coming to The Woodlands Mall. And today Chobani, the Greek yogurt brand, announced it is opening its first Chobani Café outside New York City, in The Woodlands. The new 2,000-square-foot Chobani Café, inside the new Woodlands Walmart at 25800 Kukendahl, is scheduled to open Feb. 28 at 10 a.m. Chobani says that their café concepts are a "physical manifestation of the brand" that brings "to life" a yogurt experience in a restaurant setting. There currently are Chobani Cafes in New York's SoHo neighborhood at 152 Prince, and in Tribeca at 255 Greenwich. The Chobani Café menu at its existing stores includes "sweet creations": yogurt with pistachios, dark chocolate and clover honey; fresh fruit and granola; blueberries, chia and pumpkin seeds, walnuts and agave nectar; toasted coconut and pineapple; fig and walnut; and peanut butter and jelly. Savory offerings include hummus a za'atar; mango and avocado with fresh cilantro and blue corn tortilla chips; spinach and garlic with Kalamata olives and sumac; red pepper harissa, feta and fresh mint; and cucumber and olive oil. Simit, a Turkish bread, is offered with a variety of yogurt spreads or sandwiches that can be had with pastrami, smoked salmon, roasted turkey and avocado, or tomato and olive tapenade. There are also soups, salads, breakfast bowls, and yogurt smoothies. For years savory yogurt options have been trending in the supermarket realm. Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Heights restaurant opening just in time for Valentine’s Day New bill could spell an end to Astrodome for good IAH shows off spiffy, new Terminal C North Feds conduct immigration raids in at least 6 states The Lead Authorities searching for missing Baytown teen Super Bowl prostitution sting's big net catches some known johns Oldest American dies at age 114 2 arrested in Spring massage parlor prostitution bust Texas woman sues over flesh-eating screwworms found in food Poll: Trump voters say Bowling Green massacre justifies ban Fun facts about Rudy's Country Store and Bar-B-Q, Texas... Kendall Jenner makes her rear end the star of the fashion show Anna Nicole Smith’s mom hasn't seen granddaughter in years See the Texas-Mexico border from nearly 80 years ago 12 country get-aways every Texan should visit this spring MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS Houston ISD unveils $35.2 million Delmar Fieldhouse Expect weekend-long traffic nightmare on the Gulf Freeway Missouri City girl hospitalized after being struck by car UH football coach Major Applewhite selling Houston home Obit: Texas man had 'no redeeming qualities' Houston Astros owner selling golfer's dream home University of Houston coach selling Houston home Which RodeoHouston shows have most tickets left Complete RodeoHouston 2017 lineup Latest Videos Houston Guides Houston's best healthy restaurants Top 16 high-end happy hours 11 space-themed spots around Houston The 'most authentic' restaurants in Houston 19 haunted spots to visit in Texas Houston offers spots for brainiacs to let loose Entertainment News SNL Music Performances Can Make or Break an Artist's Career First look: Field & Tides in the Heights 5 things to do this weekend Advice from celebrities about love and marriage Kendall Jenner's rear end is the star of the show Latest Videos Seen Around Houston A wild night at the Houston Zoo Houston parties like it's 1599 Songstress rocks out in Houston Houstonians hit the streets for Cigna Sunday Streets Billy Idol brings his rebel yell to Houston Most Read 1 State Sen. Whitmire takes aim at Astrodome improvements 2 Houston named one of the 10 best places in the U.S. to find a... 3 Company building Houston-Dallas bullet train takes big step 4 A rape survivor and the man who raped her teamed up to write a... 5 Gulf Freeway shutdown guarantees a traffic nightmare this weekend 6 Body found in trunk in Universal City identified as... 7 Jessica Chastain’s New NASA TV Series Slammed As ‘Rip... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments4 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Food What separates ‘craft’ from industrial chocolate? It’s about diversity. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Simran Sethi By Simran Sethi February 8 Bars ready to be wrapped at Undone Chocolate in the District, which sources its chocolate from small producers in the Caribbean and Central and South America. (Kate Patterson/For The Washington Post) In the 1964 Supreme Court case Jacobellis v. Ohio, Justice Potter Stewart described his now-infamous threshold test for pornography: “I know it when I see it.” The same sentiment holds true for a substance associated more often with love, not sex: craft chocolate. The specialized segment of the chocolate market is nascent but growing, as reflected on shelves in Walmart, grocery stores and specialty shops. Consumers gearing up for Valentine’s Day now face a dizzying array of beautifully packaged bars but have limited information about their actual contents. A bar might list a percentage or an origin, but what does that tell chocolate lovers about the flavors within? Without context, very little — and that isn’t an oversight. Craft beer and specialty coffee are established sectors, but specialty chocolate is still defining itself; there is no regulation of terms such as “craft,” “bean-to-bar,” “artisanal” or “small batch,” and there are no standardized definitions of what those terms actually signify. Bean-to-bar, for example, is one of the most ubiquitous terms in specialty chocolate but simply means a focus on the product from the cacao bean to the final chocolate bar. “That says nothing about quality,” says Robbie Stout, the co-founder of Ritual Chocolate in Park City, Utah. “Hershey is bean-to-bar. Mars is bean-to-bar. Nestlé is bean-to-bar. Ritual is bean-to-bar. But Ritual is not Hershey, Mars or Nestlé.” When Stout mentions “quality,” he means a combination of awareness and skill. “To me, craft chocolate is about taking the process seriously, always improving, breaking down the steps and perfecting them — and always striving to achieve better quality while also growing in quantity,” he says. Cacao beans at Undone Chocolate. (Kate Patterson/For The Washington Post) Not all craft makers agree that growth is a laudable goal, but the focus on quality dates to Mayan cultivation of cacao and production of chocolate products as early as 400 B.C. The notion of fine cacao and chocolate was passed on from indigenous people to Europeans and “really took off with excitement among French chocolate producers,” says Carla Martin, executive director of the Fine Cacao and Chocolate Institute. “Companies like Bonnat, Valrhona and Bernachon in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s began producing single-origin chocolate products that were meant to express a sense of terroir through their flavor.” In 1997, winemaker John Scharffenberger co-founded Scharffen Berger Chocolate Maker in Berkeley, Calif., and helped establish this alternative to large-scale chocolate in the United States. Through a focus on small-scale production methods and higher-quality cacao beans, Scharffenberger empowered pioneers including Steve DeVries and the co-founders of another Utah company, Amano Artisan Chocolate, Clark Goble and Art Pollard. The Hershey Company acquired Scharffen Berger in 2005. Since then, the specialized industry has increased significantly, ballooning to more than 200 makers in North America alone. In the absence of a unified definition, the consensus seems to be that this smaller segment of the market reflects a commitment to craftsmanship, quality and flavor: “Craft chocolate can really only be defined in opposition to what it’s not,” says Todd Masonis of Dandelion Chocolate in San Francisco. “It’s not large industrial chocolate.” Similar to industrialized coffee (over, say, a specialty brew from an independent roaster), mass-produced confections are intended to guarantee a consistent smell and taste, achieved through rigorous oversight and a careful blending of cacaos. The smaller sector, on the other hand, embraces diversity. “Our quest is flavor,” Ritual’s Robbie Stout says, underscoring the recognition within the craft industry that cacao is an agricultural product with seasonality, varietal diversity and a variety of growing and processing conditions that affect the flavors of the end product. Brothers Rick and Michael Mast at the Brooklyn factory for their Mast Brothers chocolate. The two drew criticism in 2015 for using pre-made chocolate while claiming to be working from cacao beans. (Candice Choi/Associated Press) But that embrace of variability presents challenges, says Art Pollard: “I think there are a lot of people who are getting into the chocolate thing because of the attention or the fact that it seems to be kind of cool, but I don’t really think it’s sustainable. You are talking about an industry being built on a fraction of 1 percent of the cacao supply, the cream of the cream. People need a business model to get rid of bad-quality beans. If a shipment of beans is bad, it can put a maker out of business.” Or, worse still, the maker can turn that inferior cacao into chocolate, explains purveyor Sunita de Tourreil, founder of The Chocolate Garage, a tasting room and retail shop in Palo Alto, Calif., that also finances exclusive bars through a “chocolate futures” program. “You have makers who are overpaying for a cacao that is deeply flawed and then turning out bars that are problematic,” she says. “This is really concerning to me, because I’m interested in seeing a healthy ecosystem for cocoa and chocolate where price and quality are connected.” There are significant differences among what the evolving industry actually offers, and a pretty wrapper is not the best indicator of great flavor or pure craftsmanship, as demonstrated during the controversy in 2015 involving Brooklyn-based chocolate makers Mast Brothers. The company had used couverture (pre-made chocolate often used as a base in pastries and confections) in some of its bars while claiming to work from cacao beans. Working from couverture is significantly easier than sorting, shelling and roasting cacao beans, which was why certain makers were frustrated, but it also highlighted how little consumers knew about what they were buying. Chocolate coming together at Undone. (Kate Patterson/For The Washington Post) So how does a chocolate lover make informed decisions? Seek counsel in shops and online, and “taste, taste, taste,” encourages Aubrey Lindley, co-owner of Cacao, a specialty chocolate shop in Portland, Ore. “Be open to new flavors and new experiences, but also be honest about your experience in the mouth. If it doesn’t taste good and bring pleasure, then it’s not good to you.” And embrace exploration, says Clay Gordon, author of the 2007 book “Discover Chocolate.” “If you have a $10 bill in your pocket and walk into a chocolate specialty store, you can choose from among the best chocolates in the world, while $20 means you can choose from all but a very select few,” he says. “You can’t do that with wine and other gourmet foods. That’s an incredible thing.” Sethi is author of “Bread, Wine, Chocolate: The Slow Loss of Foods We Love” (HarperOne, 2015) and the creator of The Slow Melt podcast on chocolate. lifestyle food true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 4 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 4 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Lifetime’s ‘Duke student porn star’ movie is a scathing commentary on college tuition costs 2 Carolyn Hax: Grandma treats boy like a toy 3 Women almost never direct big movies. ‘Fifty Shades’ shows why that matters. 4 Civilities: Why Milo Yiannopoulos is a man to be feared. (It’s not why you think.) 5 ‘The policeman near me stuck bullets in his ears’: An oral history of the Beatles’ first U.S. concert lifestyle food Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Sunday’s Big Game: An Opportunity for Beer Brands to Win at the Shelf SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Quri, the leader in Performance Driven Merchandising™, is announcing today the results from its beer-focused performance driven merchandising campaign, highlighting the opportunity for brands to drive sales through better in-store merchandising execution. The data released tracked the performance of 11 beer brands including Bud Light, Miller Lite, Shock Top, Michelob Ultra, Samuel Adams, Corona, and more, in hundreds of stores across the mass merchandiser and grocery channels. While many of the big beer brands make a significant investment in advertising dollars, an investment in the right tools and training for internal teams and their distributor partners can turn in-store merchandising execution efforts into a strategic competitive advantage. „Beer continues to be a merchandising battleground, with fierce competition for refrigerator space and display location taking place due to shopper desire for beer variety and microbrew brands. There is a major opportunity for both macro and craft brands to drive competitive advantage through field labor optimization for increased sales and share gains,” comments Justin Behar, CEO of Quri. The data analyzed includes brands’ merchandising presence both in off shelf displays and primary home locations across 800 Walmart and Kroger stores for the 14 days ending Monday, February 6, 2017. The full list of brands in the beer category are: Bud Light, Shock Top, Michelob Ultra, Samuel Adams, Modelo, Guinness, Fat Tire, Corona, Blue Moon, Sierra Nevada, and Miller Lite. Observations from the study include: Average Number of Displays: Beer has 4.0 Displays per store on average, Bud Light (1.4), Miller Lite (1.0) During the vital week leading up to the Big Game, it is crucial for beer brands and manufacturers to ensure their displays are flawlessly executed at every retailer. Through Quri’s Performance Driven Merchandising™ platform, an empowered field labor force can focus on executing and selling in store versus collecting data.     Percentage of Stores with a Display by Brand: Blue Moon (18%), Miller Lite (76%), Sierra Nevada (5%) With stores having 4.0 beer displays on average, manufacturers need to compete to be one of those 4.0 displays.  Especially for craft brands, who may not have a television ad, it behooves them to try and get some sort of display to compete with the bigger brands. On-Shelf Availability by Brand: Guinness (97%), Blue Moon (94%), Sierra Nevada (90%) Even though the on-shelf availability of beer brands is skewing high, there is still a significant opportunity to improve on-shelf availability.  For each 2 to 3 percentage points increase in OSA, Quri has seen manufacturers increase sales by 1%. A well informed field labor workforce can showcase the competitive advantage needed to turn a few percentage points into higher incremental sales and share gains for both brands and manufacturers. While macro brands such as Bud Light and Michelob Ultra continue to dominate in-store merchandising around the Big Game, there is still an opportunity for these heavy hitters to continue to be MVPs by maximizing their efforts during other power periods such as Easter, Memorial Day, and 4th of July. Quri will unveil the culmination of its category data during a webinar on Wednesday, February 8th at 2:00 p.m. EST / 11:00 a.m. PST. In celebration of the Big Game, the company also incorporated the insights into an infographic that highlights the real MVPs for their in-store merchandising execution efforts. The webinar will take a deeper look at the results and demonstrate how brands can use in-store merchandising data to win in-store. You can register for the 30-minute webinar at http://bit.ly/2jwGRUb. About Quri Quri is the leader in Performance Driven Merchandising™, transforming the in-store experience by providing continuous, real-time, store-level visibility into merchandising conditions across all major channels and retailers in the US market. Procter & Gamble, SC Johnson, Nest, Red Bull, Tyson, Nestle, and Johnson & Johnson plus 100+ other global companies rely on Quri to help optimize the $4 trillion dollars spent annually on retail go-to-market and in-store merchandising. Quri is powered by proprietary data quantifying the shopper view in-store and collected by an on-demand retail workforce. For more information on Quri or Performance Driven Merchandising™, visit http://quri.com. Media Contact: North 6th Agency, Inc. (For Quri) 212-334-9753, quri@n6a.com   SOURCE Quri CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, force, Home and Garden, major, Markets, Space, Uncategorized, Video Games, win Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Report Identifies A New Consumer Group: The Connected Spenders Next PostNext Dorman Products, Inc. Announces Date for its Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Earnings Release Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 Connect With Us Pence was told Flynn didn't discuss sanctions, aides say Trump brings up vote fraud again, this time in meeting with senators Trump vexed by challenges, scale of government Trump dumped Abrams over his criticisms during the campaign, sources say 3 key Trump mistakes that led to the travel ban court defeat Chaffetz booed at rowdy town hall Politico Morning Energy The one-stop source for energy and environment news Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print With easement coming, what's next for Dakota Access? By Anthony Adragna 02/08/17 10:00 AM EST With help from Alex Guillén WHAT NEXT FOR DAKOTA ACCESS? President Donald Trump’s administration could grant a permit as soon as today to allow the final phase of the Dakota Access pipeline’s construction to begin, but opponents of the shale oil project are preparing to launch full-scale demonstrations and a fresh legal fight in hopes of blocking it. “As Native peoples, we have been knocked down again, but we will get back up, we will rise above the greed and corruption that has plagued our peoples since first contact,” Dave Archambault II, chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, said in a statement. Immediate steps include challenging the latest decision in court and holding a march on Washington on March 10. Story Continued Below If you missed it, on Tuesday afternoon, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers announced it would grant an easement allowing the pipeline to cross under a Missouri River reservoir in North Dakota, drawing quick praise from project and congressional backers. “Our nation needs new energy infrastructure, which means we must have a process to build safe, efficient and environmentally sound projects like pipelines and power lines,” Sen. John Hoeven (R-N.D.) said in a statement. “Now, we all need to work together to ensure people and communities rebuild trust and peacefully resolve their differences.” What sort of protests ahead? Archambault specifically asked advocates not to return to the site of the heated protests that occasionally turned violent during the fall, saying “our fight is no longer at the North Dakota site itself.” But Tom Goldtooth, executive director of the Indigenous Environmental Network, said Trump should “expect mass resistance far beyond what [he] has seen so far” and others suggested they’d return to the site of the earlier protests. The Standing Rock Sioux said they would seek to shut down the pipeline operations if the project is successfully built. Democrats urge reversal: Late Tuesday, five Democratic senators and four House members said the decision blatantly violated federal law and urged its immediate reversal. "Granting this easement without meaningful tribal consultation, nor proper review of environmental impacts, is unlawful and morally unacceptable,” they wrote in a letter to Trump. "In addition, it has been the policy of the Corps to wait at least 14 days between notifying Congress of its intent to grant an easement of this nature, and actually doing so. This decision violates that policy and circumvents appropriate congressional review.” WELCOME TO WEDNESDAY! I'm your host Anthony Adragna, and Kutak Rock LLP’s Seth Kirshenberg was the first to pick President John Quincy Adams as the only chief executive to take office after losing the popular and Electoral College votes. For today: Frederick Douglass was actually the vice presidential running mate of the first woman to seek the presidency. Who was she? Send your tips, energy gossip and comments to aadragna@politico.com, or follow us on Twitter @AnthonyAdragna, @Morning_Energy and @POLITICOPro. WHAT’S NEXT FOR CRA FANS? Senators aren’t taking up any additional Congressional Review Act resolutions to eviscerate Obama-era regulations this week, but they’re already counting votes so they can make the most of limited floor time once they begin those efforts again next week. “Everybody wants the pace to quicken, but you got to do the due diligence,” Sen. Dan Sullivan (R-Alaska) told ME. Lawmakers say they’re working closely with their House counterparts to coordinate on what regulations should get sent over to the Senate as well. One likely target: Senators are likely to take up BLM's recently-finalized rule targeting methane waste from oil and gas wells on federal lands, but with a slim 52-48 majority Republicans are actively counting votes now to see if the measure would pass. Sen. Cory Gardner (R-Colo.) told ME Tuesday he was undecided on that CRA, and advocacy groups are pushing Republican Sens. Dean Heller, John McCain, and Jeff Flake (and Democratic Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto) to reject the measure. On the horizon: Republican senators say they won't squander the opportunity during the first 60 legislative days to roll back regulations (and bar any “substantially similar” rules). “When we get further down the road, I would hope to see us, if necessary, in session 24 hours a day until we get to the end of the opportunity,” said Sen. Roy Blunt, a member of Republican leadership. And Environment and Public Works Committee Chairman John Barrasso said that while the chamber’s focus for the foreseeable future would be installing President Donald Trump’s Cabinet, the chamber would aggressively use the tool as long as possible. ICYMI: Add another potential target to the Senate’s hit list. House lawmakers voted 234-186, largely along party lines, on Tuesday to nullify BLM’s effort to update and streamline the agency's more than 30-year-old process for creating land use plans, Pro’s Esther Whieldon reports. GOP STATESMEN OFFER CLIMATE PLAN: Some big name Republicans and business leaders will today meet with senior officials at the White House to offer a market-based plan to address climate change. Their approach calls for replacing the Clean Power Plan and most Obama-era climate change regulations with a gradually increasing carbon tax that returns dividends to citizens. Co-authors of the plan (which earned early praise from Mitt Romney) include former Secretary of State James A. Baker, former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson, former Secretary of State George Shultz and former Walmart Chairman Rob Walton, among others. They’ll hold a 9:30 a.m. press conference at the National Press Club prior to the White House meetings. PRUITT COMING NEXT WEEK? Environment and Public Works ranking member Tom Carper (D-Del.) told reporters he expects Scott Pruitt’s EPA nomination may get a full Senate vote next week, though Majority Leader Mitch McConnell declined Tuesday to announce the next slate of votes. Carper said he’d push Democrats to hold the floor overnight in opposition to the Pruitt nomination as they did for newly-confirmed Education Secretary Betsy DeVos. EPW Chairman John Barrasso (R-Wyo.) again expressed confidence the Oklahoma attorney general would be confirmed, predicting “some Democrats” would ultimately back Pruitt. Senior Democrats want no vote: Shortly after a watchdog group announced it had filed a lawsuit seeking some 3,000 emails from Pruitt’s attorney general work, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, Sens. Sheldon Whitehouse and Elizabeth Warren said in a statement that he should not get a vote until those emails are released. “Now that the shoe is on the other foot, Republicans aren’t outraged by secret emails; instead, they are fast-tracking Pruitt’s nomination,” the senators said in a statement. “Until those emails are released, the Senate should not vote on Mr. Pruitt’s nomination.” Carper applauded that call and said Pruitt’s “contempt for the Senate and his duty to serve the people of Oklahoma in a transparent, open manner does not bode well for how he would serve the American people as head of the EPA.” Key votes to watch: Heidi Heitkamp (D-N.D.), Joe Donnelly (D-Ind.), Jon Tester (D-Mont.), Mark Warner (D-Va.) and Susan Collins (R-Maine). Meanwhile, judge orders quick hearing on emails: A state judge will hold a hearing in a watchdog's lawsuit over Pruitt's emails next week. The Center for Media and Democracy — which sued because records requests relating to Pruitt’s contact with energy companies and other groups dating back to January 2015 have gone unfulfilled — asked for an expedited hearing because of Pruitt's pending confirmation. Judge Aletia Haynes Timmons of the District Court in Oklahoma County will hold a hearing on the matter on Feb. 16, according to CMD. FOSSIL FUEL LOBBYIST FOR WHITE HOUSE ROLE? Mike Catanzaro is being considered to serve as an energy adviser on the National Economic Council, POLITICO’s Andrew Restuccia and Anna Palmer report. Appointing the fossil fuel lobbyist would test President Donald Trump’s promise to limit the number of lobbyists who serve in his administration. Catanzaro is a partner at the firm CGCN Group and counts the American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers, Devon Energy, NextEra Energy, Noble Energy and Hess Corporation, as his clients, among others. VEEP WATCH: Vice President Mike Pence is due to participate in phone call with Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk today at 1:30 p.m. TOP TRUMP BEACHHEAD TEAM MEMBER TO STAY PERMANENTLY: The Trump administration’s man at EPA headquarters, former Washington State Sen. Don Benton, will remain on at the agency for longer than the initial 120-day transition contact. “Sen. Benton has advised us that he will be staying on at EPA following the transition period as the senior White House advisor,” Acting EPA Administrator Catherine McCabe said in a video update on the transition posted to the agency’s YouTube page. A transition spokesman didn’t return a request for comment on what Benton’s precise role will be. Benton ran Trump's campaign first in Washington, and then for the Pacific Northwest region, and Benton told Oregon Public Broadcasting last month that he and Trump "developed a very good relationship. He trusts me. I trust him." Benton just retired from a two-decade career in Washington State's legislature. Shortly before the election, Benton made headlines when he filed a claim against Clark County for $2 million after the county eliminated its Department of Environmental Services, and fired Benton from his job as its director. BEARS EARS TOP PRIORITY AT CHAFFETZ’S PRESIDENTIAL MEETING: House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz said the No. 1 issue he raised during his meeting with Trump Tuesday was overturning the Bears Ears National Monument designation in Utah, according to local press accounts. In response, the Center for Western Priorities asked: “When will Rep. Chaffetz realize that America’s public lands are an asset that drives a powerful outdoor economy, not a punching bag?” PANEL CLAMPS DOWN ON SETTLEMENTS: The House Judiciary Committee on Tuesday cleared the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act (H.R. 732), which would bar federal agencies from requiring defendants to donate money to outside groups as part of federal government settlements. Such arrangements are frequently used to facilitate remediation projects from companies found to have committed environmental crimes. An identical bill cleared the House last year. ‘WHISTLEBLOWER’ DISTANCES HIMSELF: Retired NOAA data scientist John Bates sparked an uproar over the weekend by airing concerns over a 2015 study that refuted the idea that global warming “paused” in the early part of this century, but he told the AP on Tuesday he didn’t suspect scientists tampered with the data. "It's really a story of not disclosing what you did," Bates said in the interview. "It's not trumped up data in any way shape or form." But Bates initial concerns already prompted House Science Committee Chairman Lamar Smith to insist NOAA retract the study, contending during a hearing Tuesday that “they falsified global warming data.” MAIL CALL! TIME TO DISCLOSE NON-DISCLOSURES: Reps. Mark Meadows and Gerry Connolly sent a letter to the acting EPA chief seeking information about the agency's potential use of non-disclosure agreements. It also went to HHS, DHS, State, Treasury, DOJ, DOL, USDA, Commerce, Labor, Defense, Education, VA, HUD and DOT. (h/t POLITICO Transition) IN THE (BUFFER) ZONE: NTSB investigators on Tuesday recommended regulators ensure all freight trains carrying crude oil have an adequate buffer — cars containing nonhazardous materials placed between the locomotive and the closest hazardous material-carrying container — so that crew members can escape in case of an accident, Pro Transportation’s Lauren Gardner reports. TAKE A GLANCE! NET ETHANOL EXPORTS HIT PEAK: The Renewable Fuels Association released a report Tuesday showing net ethanol exports hit a new peak of 1.01 billion gallons in 2016. Brazil, Canada and China were the leading three destinations for U.S. ethanol, accounting for 68 percent of total exports. CARBON CAPTURE FANS TALK FUTURE: The Global CCS Institute today hosts its annual forum on federal legislative and policy priorities to advance carbon capture and sequestration technologies. Julio Friedmann, a former senior DOE official, and House and Senate committee staff are slated to speak. SUSTAINABLE ENERGY FACTBOOK COMING: Bloomberg New Energy Finance and the Business Council for Sustainable Energy will release the Sustainable Energy in America Factbook today, examining trends in the energy efficiency, natural gas and renewable energy sectors. An event celebrating the release is at 12:00 p.m. in Bloomberg LP’s offices (1101 K Street NW, 5th Floor). MOVER, SHAKER: The American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity signed former Rep. Ben Quayle (R-Ariz.) and his colleagues at Hobart Hallaway & Quayle in recent days (h/t POLITICO Influence). Nick Conger has landed as a press secretary within the federal communications office for the Natural Resources Defense Council; he was previously a spokesman at EPA. QUICK HITS — Trump Firm Loses Bid to Limit Cleanup Liability for Property. The New York Times. — Patagonia Boycotts Major Event In Utah Over GOP Push To Undo Conservation Effort. The Huffington Post. — DEP closing Welch, Teays Valley offices. Charleston Gazette-Mail. — Who's Still Fighting Climate Change? The U.S. Military. National Geographic. — American Coal Has New Playbook to Dig Itself Out. Bloomberg. — Parsley Energy to buy Permian Basin assets for about $2.8 billion. Reuters. THAT'S ALL FOR ME! « View Archives Authors: Anthony Adragna aadragna@politico.com @AnthonyAdragna About The Author Anthony Adragna is an energy reporter and author of Morning Energy. Before joining POLITICO, he spent four and a half years covering EPA and other environmental issues with Bloomberg BNA. His journalism career started across the country as a reporter with Seattle Business Magazine. Adragna is a Washington DC native and a graduate of Middlebury College in Vermont. When he’s not reading EPA regulations or covering floor votes, he enjoys cooking and rooting for the Washington Nationals. Most Read Trump vexed by challenges, scale of government The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics Inside the protest movement that has Republicans reeling Trump brings up vote fraud again, this time in meeting with senators Pence was told Flynn didn't discuss sanctions, aides say Trump has some awkward exchanges with the Japanese prime minister Trump dumped Abrams over his criticisms during the campaign, sources say Discrepancy in NYT editions prompts Trump rebuke Will the Supreme Court Back Trump? Trump team plans a new executive order Morning Energy - POLITICO Archive Friday, 2/10/17 Thursday, 2/9/17 Wednesday, 2/8/17 Tuesday, 2/7/17 Monday, 2/6/17 View the Full Morning Energy Archives » Politico Magazine Will the Supreme Court Back Trump? By Richard Primus What Happens When White House Aides Get Too Famous? By Jeff Greenfield Time to Put Rupert Murdoch on Notice By Jack Shafer The Dangerous Link Between Syria and Ukraine By Eerik-Niiles Kross and Molly K. McKew More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Inauguration 2017 Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
PennLive Menu Home News Sports Penn State Football High School Sports Entertainment Food & Dining Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Local News National & World Pa. Politics Business Harrisburg Philadelphia Pittsburgh Community News Obituaries Crime Weather Traffic Photos Videos Special Projects Site Index Back to Main Menu Penn State Football Pittsburgh Panthers Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers NFL Recruiting High School Sports Fantasy Football Motorsports Little League World Series Penn State Sports Penn State Wrestling Hershey Bears Harrisburg Senators Harrisburg City Islanders Golf Outdoors Back to Main Menu Eagles Steelers Ravens Back to Main Menu Fan Talk Recruiting Videos Photo Galleries PSU Columnists Back to Main Menu Bob Flounders David Jones Greg Pickel Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Offseason Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Field Hockey Boys Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Softball Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Girls Volleyball Bowling Back to Main Menu Pa. Life & Culture Cool Spaces Vintage Photos Proms Movies Music Television Travel Living Gardening Columnists Events Comics Puzzles Back to Main Menu Nancy Eshelman Dawn Marron Marcus Schneck George Weigel Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Cooking & Recipes Restaurants PennLive Picks Back to Main Menu Editorials Op-Eds John Micek's Morning Coffee Letters to the Editor Cartoons Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Tumblr Follow us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search PennLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to PennLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts comments Do you know this makeup thief? walmart makeup thief.jpg (Lower Allen Township Police Department) Print Email Joe Elias | jelias@pennlive.com By Joe Elias | jelias@pennlive.com The Patriot-News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on February 08, 2017 at 8:54 AM, updated February 08, 2017 at 9:04 AM comments Police in Lower Allen Township are attempting to identify a woman they say stole makeup from a Walmart. The theft occurred at about 3 p.m. on Feb. 7 at the store along the 3400 block of Hartzdale Drive, police said. "While attempting to leave the store, the female was confronted by loss prevention officers. The female pushed one of the officers out of her way and ran from the store, towards Hartzdale Drive," police said. Anyone with information about the woman is asked to contact police at 717-238-9676. Most Read PENNLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Tumblr Active Discussions Get 'Today's Front Page' in your inbox This newsletter is sent every morning at 6 a.m. and includes the morning's top stories, a full list of obituaries, links to comics and puzzles and the most recent news, sports and entertainment headlines. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up for 'Today's Front Page' To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us PA Media Group Advertise with Us Career Opportunities Contact Us Send Us a News Tip Community Rules Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Manage your Patriot-News Subscription e-Newsletters PennLive Sections Home News Sports PSU Football High School Sports Entertainment Pa. Life & Culture Pa. Food & Dining Opinion Business Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Mobile Apps iPhone, Android Apps | Tablet Apps More on PennLive Videos Photos Weather Contests Post a Job Post a Free Classified Ad Sell your Car Sell/Rent your Home Sitemap & Search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 PA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska PPMH Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, mPath Discovery LLC, Expands Client Base With Multiple New Channel Partnership Agreements News provided by Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings Feb 08, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article MEMPHIS, Tennessee, February 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings (PPMH), a company focused on innovation and enterprise by acquiring, managing, and operating technology based companies for growth within the industry, is pleased to announce that wholly-owned subsidiary, mPathDiscovery LLC, is engaging two new channel partners and signed another exclusive partnership agreement. This news represents a significant opportunity for the Company to advance several currently pending contracts while expanding their market presence. The first partner is Divinus Partners/ArmourGrid with extensive experience and knowledge in the counterfeiting intelligence industry. Divinus is working closely with Nike, US Department of Justice, the Country of India, Walmart, Target, and more. Divinus will be offering mPath services to these clients as a primary source of their data gathering and analysis process. Divinus recognizes mPath's industry leading ability to assist companies and even countries with identifying, locating, and managing the varied implications of counterfeit activities along with messaging to minimize impact. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) released a report that said international trade of "fakes" represented 2.5 percent of overall world trade, or $461 billion. That's equivalent to the gross domestic product of Ireland and the Czech Republic combined. And the OECD says Nike is one of the most intensely targeted brands by counterfeiters. Through a channel partnership with Divinus, mPath aims to help prevent such high levels of fraud. The second partner is Sagon-Phior, a highly recognized leader in providing marketing services to major national companies such as Microsoft, Nestle, the American Cancer Society, and the American Heart Association. Sagon-Phior has agreed to promote mPath services to a number of their high profile clients. By implementing an Emotional Based marketing strategy, Sagon-Phior recognizes the value that mPath offers for branding and influencing customer awareness and purchasing habits. This partnership represents an important opportunity to showcase mPath's many talents. And lastly, mPath signed a partnership agreement with Steven Frame, a highly qualified sales representative to assist with managing open contracts for mPath along with expanding existing market exposure. Mr. Frame's vast experience with InsideSales.com makes him an excellent addition to the team. At InsideSales.com, he focused on Global Sales Enablement via: Accelerating Sales with Data, A.I., Apps & Math plus Digital Sociology. This news is proof that mPath is making waves as the industry recognizes their ability to deliver meaningful, customized Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence and even Extended Intelligence solutions for the unique needs of an evolving and expanding marketplace. The addition of these partnerships represents a significant growth opportunity for the Company and gives mPath the resources to focus on securing the many deals that are currently on the table.   Paul Baioni CEO of PPMH, Inc. the parent company of mPath, had this to add, "We, as a society, are entering a new and exciting field of business study. Richard Neal, President of mPath Discovery LLC, has written extensively about and is considered to be a leader in the field of artificial intelligence and business intelligence solutions. His vision and capability for predictive analysis extends well beyond the normal offerings in today's market. We believe that the addition of qualified sales representatives and channel partners will mark a turning point for mPath as it seeks to close several of the open contracts it currently holds, as well as creating new opportunities." Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings, Inc. will continue to provide information to its shareholders and the public, as appropriate or necessary, and through its internet presence http://www.PPMHinc.com. Disclaimer This release contains forward-looking statements that are based on beliefs of Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings management and reflect Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings current expectations as contemplated under section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. When we use in this release the words "estimate," "project," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "expect," "plan," "predict," "may," "should," "will," "can," the negative of these words, or such other variations thereon, or comparable terminology, are all intended to identify forward looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings with respect to future events based on currently available information and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, risks and uncertainties pertaining to development of a salable market, changes in economic conditions and other risks, uncertainties and factors, which may cause the actual results, performance, or achievement expressed or implied by such forward looking statements to differ materially from the forward looking statements. The information contained in this press release is historical in nature, has not been updated, and is current only to the date shown in this press release. This information may no longer be accurate and therefore you should not rely on the information contained in this press release. To the extent permitted by law, Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings and its employees, agents and consultants exclude all liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of, or reliance on, any such information, whether or not caused by any negligent act or omission. This press release might incorporate by reference the Company's filings and other reports. Investors are encouraged to review all filings. There is no assurance Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings will identify projects of merit or if it will have sufficient financing to implement its business plan. There is no assurance that the Company's due diligence on the acquisitions assets, companies, and projects will be favorable nor that definitive terms can be negotiated. Information in this release includes representations from the private companies referred to which has not been independently verified by the company. A downturn in the market would affect the potential profitability of the proposed acquisition negatively. Any trademark or trade name, project, or idea listed in this release is property of its prospective owner. Contact: Paul Baioni info@ppmhinc.com +1-901-761-2159 SOURCE Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings Oct 12, 2016, 08:30 ET Preview: PPMH Recognizes Toyota's Vision With Their "Blaid" Device Project My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Oct 12, 2016, 08:30 ETPPMH Recognizes Toyota's Vision With Their "Blaid" Device Project Explore More news releases in similar topics Retail Advertising Contracts You just read: PPMH Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, mPath Discovery LLC, Expands Client Base With Multiple New Channel Partnership Agreements News provided by Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings Feb 08, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News PPMH Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, mPath Discovery LLC, Expands Client Base With Multiple New Channel Partnership Agreements MEMPHIS, Tennessee, February 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings (PPMH), a company focused on innovation and enterprise by acquiring, managing, and operating technology based companies for growth within the industry, is pleased to announce that wholly-owned subsidiary, mPathDiscovery LLC, is engaging two new channel partners and signed another exclusive partnership agreement. This news represents a significant opportunity for the Company to advance several currently pending contracts while expanding their market presence. The first partner is Divinus Partners/ArmourGrid with extensive experience and knowledge in the counterfeiting intelligence industry. Divinus is working closely with Nike, US Department of Justice, the Country of India, Walmart, Target, and more. Divinus will be offering mPath services to these clients as a primary source of their data gathering and analysis process. Divinus recognizes mPath’s industry leading ability to assist companies and even countries with identifying, locating, and managing the varied implications of counterfeit activities along with messaging to minimize impact. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) released a report that said international trade of „fakes” represented 2.5 percent of overall world trade, or $461 billion. That’s equivalent to the gross domestic product of Ireland and the Czech Republic combined. And the OECD says Nike is one of the most intensely targeted brands by counterfeiters. Through a channel partnership with Divinus, mPath aims to help prevent such high levels of fraud. The second partner is Sagon-Phior, a highly recognized leader in providing marketing services to major national companies such as Microsoft, Nestle, the American Cancer Society, and the American Heart Association. Sagon-Phior has agreed to promote mPath services to a number of their high profile clients. By implementing an Emotional Based marketing strategy, Sagon-Phior recognizes the value that mPath offers for branding and influencing customer awareness and purchasing habits. This partnership represents an important opportunity to showcase mPath’s many talents. And lastly, mPath signed a partnership agreement with Steven Frame, a highly qualified sales representative to assist with managing open contracts for mPath along with expanding existing market exposure. Mr. Frame’s vast experience with InsideSales.com makes him an excellent addition to the team. At InsideSales.com, he focused on Global Sales Enablement via: Accelerating Sales with Data, A.I., Apps & Math plus Digital Sociology. This news is proof that mPath is making waves as the industry recognizes their ability to deliver meaningful, customized Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence and even Extended Intelligence solutions for the unique needs of an evolving and expanding marketplace. The addition of these partnerships represents a significant growth opportunity for the Company and gives mPath the resources to focus on securing the many deals that are currently on the table.   Paul Baioni CEO of PPMH, Inc. the parent company of mPath, had this to add, „We, as a society, are entering a new and exciting field of business study. Richard Neal, President of mPath Discovery LLC, has written extensively about and is considered to be a leader in the field of artificial intelligence and business intelligence solutions. His vision and capability for predictive analysis extends well beyond the normal offerings in today’s market. We believe that the addition of qualified sales representatives and channel partners will mark a turning point for mPath as it seeks to close several of the open contracts it currently holds, as well as creating new opportunities.” Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings, Inc. will continue to provide information to its shareholders and the public, as appropriate or necessary, and through its internet presence http://www.PPMHinc.com. Disclaimer This release contains forward-looking statements that are based on beliefs of Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings management and reflect Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings current expectations as contemplated under section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. When we use in this release the words „estimate,” „project,” „believe,” „anticipate,” „intend,” „expect,” „plan,” „predict,” „may,” „should,” „will,” „can,” the negative of these words, or such other variations thereon, or comparable terminology, are all intended to identify forward looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings with respect to future events based on currently available information and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, risks and uncertainties pertaining to development of a salable market, changes in economic conditions and other risks, uncertainties and factors, which may cause the actual results, performance, or achievement expressed or implied by such forward looking statements to differ materially from the forward looking statements. The information contained in this press release is historical in nature, has not been updated, and is current only to the date shown in this press release. This information may no longer be accurate and therefore you should not rely on the information contained in this press release. To the extent permitted by law, Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings and its employees, agents and consultants exclude all liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of, or reliance on, any such information, whether or not caused by any negligent act or omission. This press release might incorporate by reference the Company’s filings and other reports. Investors are encouraged to review all filings. There is no assurance Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings will identify projects of merit or if it will have sufficient financing to implement its business plan. There is no assurance that the Company’s due diligence on the acquisitions assets, companies, and projects will be favorable nor that definitive terms can be negotiated. Information in this release includes representations from the private companies referred to which has not been independently verified by the company. A downturn in the market would affect the potential profitability of the proposed acquisition negatively. Any trademark or trade name, project, or idea listed in this release is property of its prospective owner. Contact: Paul Baioni info@ppmhinc.com +1-901-761-2159 SOURCE Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, base, Business, Companies, company, Contracts, Industry, intelligence, Internet, major, Markets, private, section, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Telinta Enhances its Hosted PBX Solution for Internet Telephony Service Providers Next PostNext Miracle Flights Hosts “Swinging” Charity Golf Social Benefiting Sick Children in Need of Distant Care Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Platinum Pari-mutuel Holdings, Inc. (PPMH: OTC Pink Current) | PPMH Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, mPath Discovery LLC, Expands Client Base With Multiple New Channel Partnership Agreements MEMPHIS, Tennessee, February 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings (PPMH), a company focused on innovation and enterprise by acquiring, managing, and operating technology based companies for growth within the industry, is pleased to announce that wholly-owned subsidiary, mPathDiscovery LLC, is engaging two new channel partners and signed another exclusive partnership agreement. This news represents a significant opportunity for the Company to advance several currently pending contracts while expanding their market presence. The first partner is Divinus Partners/ArmourGrid with extensive experience and knowledge in the counterfeiting intelligence industry. Divinus is working closely with Nike, US Department of Justice, the Country of India, Walmart, Target, and more. Divinus will be offering mPath services to these clients as a primary source of their data gathering and analysis process. Divinus recognizes mPath’s industry leading ability to assist companies and even countries with identifying, locating, and managing the varied implications of counterfeit activities along with messaging to minimize impact. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) released a report that said international trade of “fakes” represented 2.5 percent of overall world trade, or $461 billion. That’s equivalent to the gross domestic product of Ireland and the Czech Republic combined. And the OECD says Nike is one of the most intensely targeted brands by counterfeiters. Through a channel partnership with Divinus, mPath aims to help prevent such high levels of fraud. The second partner is Sagon-Phior, a highly recognized leader in providing marketing services to major national companies such as Microsoft, Nestle, the American Cancer Society, and the American Heart Association. Sagon-Phior has agreed to promote mPath services to a number of their high profile clients. By implementing an Emotional Based marketing strategy, Sagon-Phior recognizes the value that mPath offers for branding and influencing customer awareness and purchasing habits. This partnership represents an important opportunity to showcase mPath’s many talents. And lastly, mPath signed a partnership agreement with Steven Frame, a highly qualified sales representative to assist with managing open contracts for mPath along with expanding existing market exposure. Mr. Frame’s vast experience with InsideSales.com makes him an excellent addition to the team. At InsideSales.com, he focused on Global Sales Enablement via: Accelerating Sales with Data, A.I., Apps & Math plus Digital Sociology. This news is proof that mPath is making waves as the industry recognizes their ability to deliver meaningful, customized Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence and even Extended Intelligence solutions for the unique needs of an evolving and expanding marketplace. The addition of these partnerships represents a significant growth opportunity for the Company and gives mPath the resources to focus on securing the many deals that are currently on the table.   Paul Baioni CEO of PPMH, Inc. the parent company of mPath, had this to add, “We, as a society, are entering a new and exciting field of business study. Richard Neal, President of mPath Discovery LLC, has written extensively about and is considered to be a leader in the field of artificial intelligence and business intelligence solutions. His vision and capability for predictive analysis extends well beyond the normal offerings in today’s market. We believe that the addition of qualified sales representatives and channel partners will mark a turning point for mPath as it seeks to close several of the open contracts it currently holds, as well as creating new opportunities.” Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings, Inc. will continue to provide information to its shareholders and the public, as appropriate or necessary, and through its internet presence http://www.PPMHinc.com. Disclaimer This release contains forward-looking statements that are based on beliefs of Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings management and reflect Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings current expectations as contemplated under section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. When we use in this release the words “estimate,” “project,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “plan,” “predict,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “can,” the negative of these words, or such other variations thereon, or comparable terminology, are all intended to identify forward looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings with respect to future events based on currently available information and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, risks and uncertainties pertaining to development of a salable market, changes in economic conditions and other risks, uncertainties and factors, which may cause the actual results, performance, or achievement expressed or implied by such forward looking statements to differ materially from the forward looking statements. The information contained in this press release is historical in nature, has not been updated, and is current only to the date shown in this press release. This information may no longer be accurate and therefore you should not rely on the information contained in this press release. To the extent permitted by law, Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings and its employees, agents and consultants exclude all liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of, or reliance on, any such information, whether or not caused by any negligent act or omission. This press release might incorporate by reference the Company’s filings and other reports. Investors are encouraged to review all filings. There is no assurance Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings will identify projects of merit or if it will have sufficient financing to implement its business plan. There is no assurance that the Company’s due diligence on the acquisitions assets, companies, and projects will be favorable nor that definitive terms can be negotiated. Information in this release includes representations from the private companies referred to which has not been independently verified by the company. A downturn in the market would affect the potential profitability of the proposed acquisition negatively. Any trademark or trade name, project, or idea listed in this release is property of its prospective owner. Contact: Paul Baioni info@ppmhinc.com +1-901-761-2159 SOURCE Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, base, Business, Companies, company, Industry, intelligence, Internet, major, Markets, Platinum Pari-mutuel Holdings, Inc., private, section, service, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Tallahassee Florida Reason #25 Adam Green (www.AdamPaulGreen.com) Evacuated a Chocolate MLM Company and Joined the “Rain-International” Team (www.myrainlife.com/g3) Was the Black Cumin Seed Power Next PostNext Dolby Joins Via’s LTE Patent Pool Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Human Rights Donald Trump Donald Trump is disgusted by periods and called his pregnant wife a 'monster' – why does he hate women? The US President attitude towards women has been hostile - to say the least. By Laura Bates February 8, 2017 13:25 GMT Donald Trump has appointed men to discuss women in the workplaceAlex Wong/Getty Images Anybody who has so much as glanced at a newspaper over the past few months has a fairly clear idea of Donald Trump's feelings about women. His infamous misogyny and boastful comments about sexual assault go hand-in-hand with his attacks on women's reproductive rights, both in the United States and around the world. But three specific revelations this week have thrown new light on Trump's attitudes and behaviour towards women. First came the news that the president reportedly demands that his female staffers "dress like women", a directive that has been widely interpreted as requiring traditionally 'feminine' clothing such as dresses and high heels. According to the source of the story, for example, female field staffers felt compelled to wear dresses during Trump's presidential campaign. Next was the story that Trump has appointed two men to advise him on the issue of women in the workplace, with The Wall Street Journal reporting that Walmart CEO Doug McMillon and Ernst & Young CEO Mark Weinberger will headline a discussion with the new president on women's workplace issues. Third, after Melissa McCarthy's inspired impression of White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Saturday Night Live went viral, Politico reported that according to sources close to Trump, "it was Spicer's portrayal by a woman that was most problematic in the president's eyes". A top Trump donor added: "Trump doesn't like his people to look weak." All this points to a man who sees women as an almost alien 'other' category; creatures who cannot ever step outside of the bounds of being seen as 'female' first and foremost before anything else. It suggests that women, in Trump's eyes, possess a collective inferiority to men and a primarily aesthetic purpose. Trump called his wife a "monster" when she was pregnant with their son BarronReuters This 'othering' could be seen in Trump's strange obsession with and apparent disgust at bodily functions such as menstruation and urination – revealed when he accused Megyn Kelly of having blood coming "out of her eyes... out of her wherever" when she grilled him at the first presidential debate, or when he described Hillary Clinton's bathroom visit as "too disgusting". He seems to think of women as a very separate group from men, with rigid gendered characteristics that should be upheld at all times. This goes some way towards explaining Trump's repeated inappropriate comments about his daughter Ivanka. For a man who sees women as primarily decorative and objectified, it is difficult to conceive of other points of reference – even when the person in question is your own daughter. This striking dehumanisation is also apparent in comments Trump has made about his wife Melania, whom he described as a "blimp" and a "monster" while she was pregnant with his son Barron. His inability to individualise women seems apparent in the sweeping comparisons he makes, with his comments about his pregnant wife segueing effortlessly into commentary on other women's bodies. "I looked at her the other day, and it's off. There's no question," he said in the same conversation, referring to supermodel Heidi Klum, who was at the time two-months postpartum. Trump's insistence on women "dressing like women" makes it unsurprising that he seems baffled and threatened by women who step outside those rigid stereotypes. His repeated attacks on comedian Rosie O'Donnell focused relentlessly on his belief that she fails to conform to his notion of idealised, heterosexual femininity, likening her to a "fat pig" and a "slob". Perhaps most significantly, Trump told People magazine O'Donnell was "a woman out of control" – pointing to his anger at the comedian for straying outside his 'rules' for women. Of course, as is the case with Trump's shockingly discriminatory travel ban, it is much easier to maintain the myth that an entire group of people share the same simplistic, stereotyped characteristics if you hold them at the greatest possible distance and don't engage with them as individuals. Trump accused Megyn Kelly of having blood coming "out of her wherever" at the first presidential debateReuters Trump's decision to tap two men to discuss 'women's workplace issues' suggests that he doesn't want to interact too closely with women or hear from them directly, preferring to discuss and manages their affairs with other men. (See also his proud signing away of millions of women's reproductive rights in a roomful of other white men, with no apparent input from women whatsoever). Trump has form in this area, with his sweeping generalisations about Mexicans, his suggestion that a judge couldn't adjudicate a case fairly because of his Mexican heritage and his repeated conflation of Islam and terrorism all suggesting a tendency to homogenise and stereotype groups of people who fall outside the category of rich white guy. In light of all this, it is easy to see why the very notion of a woman inhabiting the character of one of Trump's most senior male staff members is hugely disconcerting and troubling to him. In Trump's world, where men are nuanced, individual, protagonist decision makers and women are a secondary, inferior group with a few troublesome outriders who need putting in their place, the idea of being impersonated by a woman is more offensive than all the criticism of his regime and its shameful press relations put together. No matter that McCarthy skewered the new administration's attacks on press freedom and critical news outlets; never mind that it drew attention to the immensely damaging ban on mainly Muslim travellers, or the White House's failure to mention Jewish people in its Holocaust Remembrance Day statement; what really hit home for Trump was the shame of his Press Secretary being lampooned by a woman. That, not the blistering exposure of his inadequacies, was what Trump decided made Spicer "look weak". As we learn more about Trump's view of women, this comes less and less as a surprise. If you believe that women are a severely limited, tightly stereotyped, second-class group, whose appearance is more important than their credentials, whose job performance is undermined by their hormones, and whose primary function is to be attractive to men... Well, no wonder you consider it the very height of shame to be impersonated by one. Laura Bates is the founder of the Everyday Sexism Project More from IBTimes UK Trump and his white, male billionaires don't like women having all this freedom – so they're taking it back Limited abortions, contraception and maternity care: Welcome to Trump's new world order for women Melania Trump should sue the Daily Mail over escort claims in the UK – she would probably win Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close US warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response if nuclear arms used Columnists Alastair Campbell “If Paul Dacre honestly thinks the Daily Mail is a reliable source, why won't he defend it? READ MORE Snow in London this weekend as UK weather turns Arctic Met Office and health experts warning drivers and the vulnerable to plan carefully ahead of icy blast. New Zealand: 400 whales wash up dead in huge mass beaching Volunteers worked to try to rescue the pilot whales but most died quickly after being beached. Wikipedia labels Daily Mail as 'unreliable' and bans it as a source for entries It claims newspaper "has a reputation for poor fact checking, sensationalism and flat-out fabrication." British woman has joined ranks of Kurdish fighters against Isis in Syria Hailing from Blackburn, Kimberley Taylor is involved in the US-backed operations to liberate Raqqa. Israel: 12th Dead Sea Scroll cave of Qumran discovered Archaeologists found a fragment of parchment tucked away in a corner of the cave. Couple arrested after autistic girl found locked in cage covered in excrement Mickey Sparks, 69, and Patricia Laws, 43, allegedly told officers the cage was used to 'control the child'. Man trapped underwater by digger saved by using yoga position The man adopted the cobra pose for hours to keep his nose just above water. Sir Tom Jones dating Priscilla Presley a year after wife's death Jones mourned the loss of his wife Linda following her death from cancer in April 2016. 'Baton rape' of black man in police custody sparks violent protests in France Four policemen were detained in connection to the abuse on 6 February. Kremlin's links to British far right stretch back a decade experts warn Links between Russia and senior UK far-right figures are being monitored by the British government. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 230 67 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Investors are snapping up gold. Here's why The yellow metal is now trading at a three-month high. Post to Facebook Investors are snapping up gold. Here's why The yellow metal is now trading at a three-month high.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kNksGM {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 36 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Investors are snapping up gold. Here's why Adam Shell , USA TODAY Published 7:08 a.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 | Updated 4:50 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share The rise in prices come as investors flock to gold, often viewed as a safe-haven investment in times of uncertainty. There is still plenty of unknowns about Trump’s economic policies, according to Daniela Cambone, editor-in-chief of Kitco News. Trump Newslook In this Nov. 8, 2006 file photo, gold bars are on display at the "Gold" exhibit in the American Museum of Natural History in New York. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) (Photo: Seth Wenig, AP) 230 CONNECTTWEET 67 LINKEDIN 36 COMMENTEMAILMORE Gold, the yellow metal Wall Street normally flocks to in tough economic times, is shining bright at a three-month high, despite record stock prices and improving economies around the globe. So what’s spooking investors enough to push gold up in price five of the past six weeks and up the first three days this week on its way to a Wednesday close of $1,237.60? Here’s a short checklist: Economic policy uncertainty in the U.S. under President Trump. Political anxiety surrounding the populist movement in Europe and elsewhere. Ongoing stimulus from global central bankers. Angst over rising inflation. The U.S. dollar falling in value versus foreign currencies. Gold has surged 7.5% in 2017, and is at its highest level since Nov. 10, or two days after Trump's election win. USA TODAY Rising gold, interest rates could spell trouble Frank Holmes, CEO and chief investment officer at U.S. Global Investors, says investors are buying gold by relying on simple investment-related math, as well as pricing in some bad economic outcomes if Trump’s plans to slap tariffs on U.S. trading partners like China hurts U.S. consumers by resulting in higher prices of imported goods sold at U.S. stores such as Walmart, Target and Home Depot. On the math side, holding gold – which does not pay interest – has become more attractive due to the combination of lower bond yields and higher inflation readings, says Holmes. When the real interest rate -- the rate of interest on, say, a 5-year U.S. government bond minus inflation – shrinks or turns negative as it has done lately, investors tend to buy gold as they're not missing out on the yield benefit of bonds. USA TODAY Special report: Automation puts jobs in peril But there’s also fear that politics and the unintended consequences of policies, such as building barriers to trade, will harm the economy. If Trump imposes tariffs on imports to the U.S. to protect domestic manufacturers, it could result in U.S. shoppers paying higher prices at retail, and cause inflation to rise sharply and the economy to slow. “The collateral damage could be massive to economic growth,” Holmes says. Populist uprisings in Europe could also spook markets if elections in countries such as France result in outsiders with nationalist streaks winning, which would raise fresh concerns over the European Union’s ability to stay whole following Britain’s vote to exit the EU last June. In such a world, gold gains even more luster, and the yellow metal could easily shoot above $1,320 an ounce as it did last June during the Brexit scare, and perhaps as high as its 2016 peak of $1,367.10 in early July 2016, Holmes adds. Gold’s rise has also coincided with recent weakness in the dollar, adds Barry Bannister, senior equity strategist at Stifel. After rising nearly 7% from Election Day to its 52-week high on Jan. 3, the Wall Street Journal’s dollar index has fallen 3.6%, leaving it down 2.5% for 2017. “When the dollar was strong after the election, amid expectations of stronger U.S. growth and higher U.S. interest rates, gold fell,” says Bannister. “There has been some slight reassessment of the pace of U.S. economic growth, allowing a relief rally in gold.” Higher inflation expectations, which is a threat to financial assets like bonds, is also giving gold a lift, adds Fawad Razaqzada, technical analyst at FOREX.com. “Globally, central banks are generally still pretty much (in stimulus mode) and interest rates are extremely low and in some cases negative,” Razaqzada explains. “The loose central bank policy had until now little impact on gold prices because there was no inflation and speculators preferred to hold racier equities over safe-haven assets like gold amid a generally positive market environment. But now, we are heading into and inflationary period and this is why in my view gold is beginning to shine.” Gold, Razaqzada adds, would likely surge higher if the stock market, currently near record highs, were to suffer a decline of a big enough magnitude to add to the fear level on Wall Street. 230 CONNECTTWEET 67 LINKEDIN 36 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kNksGM NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu HEAVY LIFTING Sophisticated shoplifting gangs are costing US retailers $30 billion a year Written by Kelly Kasulis February 08, 2017 In broad daylight. (Reuters/Shannon Stapleton) Share Written by Kelly Kasulis February 08, 2017 It may not have the grit and the glamour of film noir, but one of today’s most elaborate strains of organized crime drains about $30 billion from US retailers annually, and without much consequence. Organized retail crime—ORC, for short—affected 97% of the 67 American retailers surveyed by the National Retail Federation in 2015, and four out of five of them said that it’s getting worse. Though only crocodile tears may be shed for corporate giants like Walmart and Target, the massive theft of items like teeth-whitening strips, laundry detergent, and energy drinks across the US can really hurt small businesses, and shoppers’ wallets. In some cases, it is even limiting access to much-needed items. In ways most consumers don’t even realize, this type of crime “always comes back around and hits the everyday shopper,” says Chris McGourty, founder of the National Anti-Organized Retail Crime Association. What’s also not well known: This type of crime is happening more often, getting more sophisticated, and is almost impossible to prosecute. How organized retail crime works  “They know what they’re doing. They have this down to a science.” The National Retail Federation defines ORC as large-scale theft or fraud with the intent to resell items for financial gain. It can include everything from smash-and-grabs or the production of counterfeit products, to elaborate inside jobs involving company employees. In increasingly organized ways, fleets of “boosters” (industry slang for shoplifters) target an area and pluck shops dry of crucial yet pricy items—popular goods include baby formula, allergy medicine, and pregnancy tests. Then, goods are listed for sale online on sites like eBay and Craigslist, and on Facebook groups–or simply returned to the retailers they were stolen from, a category of hoodwinking called “return fraud.” In 2014, “return fraud” during the holidays cost major retailers $1.9 billion, and 71% of those surveyed by the National Retail Federation experienced return fraud by ORC gangs. The process usually involves producing counterfeit receipts and returning stolen goods for hard cash, store credit, and gift cards that can be converted to money in Coinstar machines or online. “They know what they’re doing. They have this down to a science,” said Robert Moraca, the vice president of loss prevention at the National Retail Federation. “The insult is that the retailer has stuff stolen from them and then they have to buy it back.”  An estimated $1.6 billion in sales tax revenue is lost across the US annually on these stolen goods.  Consumers are paying up, too, since repeated theft can drive up prices from both the manufacturer and the retailer, and an estimated $1.6 billion in sales tax revenue (pdf) is lost across the US annually on these stolen goods. In 2004, California lost $228 million of such revenue, while Texas lost $153 million and Florida $106 million, according to the Coalition Against Organized Retail Crime. “That’s money lost to schools. It’s not just a regional problem—it’s more of a national epidemic,” says McGourty, who spent nearly 10 years investigating these crimes for TJX Companies, Inc., which owns Marshalls, T.J. Maxx and A.J. Wright. Risky business Return fraud sucks for businesses, and it might seem relatively harmful for the average consumer. But some types of ORC can actually be dangerous: fake or expired over-the-counter drugs, cosmetics, and medical supplies can have serious health consequences. In October, three major US government bodies issued a warning about counterfeit contact lenses sold online, which hosted dangerous bacteria and, in some cases, had “lead-based materials that leach directly into the eye.” Prince might have died from counterfeit medicine. Last year, officials in Los Angeles raided a fake detergent operation that sold five-gallon buckets of counterfeit Tide to people online. Though it’s hard to pinpoint how many ORC cases involve fake goods, the global counterfeit industry is reportedly worth about $500 billion (including counterfeit luxury items), a massive increase from the International Trade Commission’s estimate of $5.5 billion in 1982. Americans are among the most affected, with US retailers eating a $20 billion loss every year because of it, according to the US Department of Commerce. Buying these items does more than deliver fake products to our doorsteps. It also encourages retail gangs to steal genuine products out of entire communities, putting sick and low-income individuals who need them at risk. Diabetic testing strips, which retail for about $10 to $20 a box and are needed on a daily basis by diabetics to monitor their sugar, are especially targeted by ORC gangs—a problem that Nick Selby, a Dallas-area police detective, has witnessed among low-income individuals who may not be able to go online when their local stores run out of strips due to theft. “In poor neighborhoods, it becomes a real hardship to try and find these things,” Selby said. When stores experience continuous losses on the same items, they often stop carrying them all together. “If all of your diabetes testing strips are stolen out of the store, at some point you can’t charge enough to make that a profitable item,” Selby said. “If you’ve got an elderly person who has to get this, they are going to have to leave your city [if] your local pharmacy stops selling them.” Problems prosecuting As a general rule, the FBI doesn’t look at ORC cases valued at less than $150,000—say, the cargo theft of an entire truck of iPhones. Plus, there are no specific laws that name ORC a federal crime. That makes it difficult for police officers to make a case against someone’s widespread theft operation when it stems across state or county jurisdictions (and it often does). “You kind of have to be able to put the package together as law enforcement,” Moraca said. Thirty four states have so far passed some sort of ORC-related legislation, some of which pave the way for better cooperation between county-level jurisdictions, but only Michigan considers ORC a felony, punishable up to 5 years in prison. In several states, a movement to decriminalize nonviolent crimes has also benefited ORC groups. In other words, if a state requires that $1,000 worth of goods must be stolen in order for it to be a felony, thieves might steal $900 worth of items and move on to another state. “[Prosecutors] want to be able to say, ‘this group stole more than $300,000 over the last four months in different states,’” Moraca said. Even so, scams that get picked up by federal authorities often have surprisingly low sentences. In November 2016, a man who stole more than $200 million in a credit-card scam was sentenced to a little over five years in prison. “If you do jail time, it’s really only small time. We’ve kind of created this problem for ourselves because we continue to view theft and fraud as not a major crime,” McGourty said. “It’s the risk-reward factor. If you get caught, there’s not as much punishment for it.” Organized retail crime might not seem as urgent a threat as armed robberies or drug trafficking. But it’s that type of thinking that is making shoplifting and counterfeiting big business for criminals across the US. Most Popular Three signals that Donald Trump isn’t going to renegotiate NAFTA Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Online Inventory Management * Inventory Management Software * Amazon Inventory Management * More Tags... Industry News * Software * More Industries... News By Location * Fremont   California   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News February 2017 Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo Su 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 eSellerHub – Introducing Amazon Inventory Management Software with Versatile Features     Amazon-Inventory-Management-Software   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Online Inventory Management * Inventory Management Software * Amazon Inventory Management Industry: * Software Location: * Fremont - California - US Subject: * WebsitesFREMONT, Calif. - Feb. 8, 2017 - PRLog -- One of the major issues which online retailers are facing these days is inventory management. Inaccurate inventory management is adversely affecting their profit margins. If the stock is low, the sales can get affected and if the products are overstocked then profit gets affected. Thus, online retailers selling on Amazon and other marketplaces like Ebay, Rakuten, Sears etc., require a centralized inventory management which syncs the inventory across all the marketplaces and displays accurate inventory count to the customers and retailers both. Currently eSellerHub has multiple marketplaces integrations like Amazon, Ebay, Rakuten, Sears, Jet and Walmart. It can also integrate various online store platforms like Magento, Shopify and Opencart. With its various shipping integrations, the customers get choice of getting their products shipped through various carriers like FEDEX, DHL, UPS, Royal Mail, United States Postal Service, Endicia, ShipStation and ShipWorks. The best thing about eSellerHub is that it can be customized according to the online retailers' requirements. If the retailer requires adding an extra marketplace or shipping carrier, eSellerHub has that scope of enhancement. "We sell books online and when we got in touch with the E-Seller Hub team, we had about 10k SKUs. Today we manage over 150k listings in a span of 2 years. I always felt using excel can get everything done, but there is one thing it cannot help you do, that is to expand your online selling business exponentially." - Jennifer Shaw – selling on Amazon, Ebay, Jet, Sears and Opencart using eSellerHub Some Key Features of eSellerHub Include – Inventory Management – Basic requirement of any online retailer would be managing stock levels across all the marketplaces. eSellerHub syncs the stock and manages the inventory level from a single dashboard. It keeps the inventory updated 24/7 on a real-time basis, thus eliminating overselling blunders and low stock issues. There can be many variations of a single product based on color, size, style etc. eSellerHub helps in managing these variations and also bundles relevant products to motivate buyers to purchase maximum products. This inventory management software also helps in managing dropshipping by integrating vendors and suppliers as well as tracking the orders even after forwarding them to your dropshippers. Stay organized by monitoring inventory logs regularly and take smart decisions of which products to store and which ones not. Order Fulfillment – Online retailers can now manage orders received from multiple marketplaces using a single dashboard of eSellerHub. Order cancellations, exchanges and refunds can be managed with accuracy. As soon as an item gets returned, the inventory gets updated on all the marketplaces automatically. You can now keep your customers informed at each and every level of order fulfillment and gain their trust. Enable speedy order fulfillment and win customer loyalty ultimately helping you to grow your business. Supplier Management–Manage the list of multiple suppliers and vendors. Compare the price of the products by different suppliers and create purchase orders all from a single place. Enable quick communication with your suppliers. As soon as an item goes below a particular threshold, eSellerHub generates purchase order and sends to the respective supplier so that you never miss a sale due to low stock issue. Reporting and Analytics – Now you can get an exact figure of how much was sold from which marketplace, what was the profit you gained on particular line of products and many more such facts. Your future decisions are based on these facts and thus accuracy is required. Take informed decisions based on real facts and not on guess work and excel in your online retail business. "It was really a proud feeling for us to deliver bespoke inventory management software to online retailers as per their requirements. Now, when there is so much of competition in online retail business, eSellerHub is helping them to sell across multiple marketplaces with accuracy and speed. Our aim is to provide best selling experience to the multichannel retailers and continuously enhance the software with the changing trends in the online business." – Aditya Modi - CEO, eSellerHub About eSellerHub eSellerHub is bespoke inventory management software which helps online retailers of small and medium scale to manage their business across multiple marketplaces. This inventory management system empowers merchants to list & update products seamlessly. It also provides the convenience of managing order fulfillment, returns & refunds as well as suppliers from a single dashboard. All the activities relating to online retail business are monitored by this system on a real-time basis. Visit http://www.eSellerHub.com/ for more information. Contact eSellerHub 4086000534 contact@esellerhub.com End Source : eSellerHub Email : ***@esellerhub.com Tags : Online Inventory Management, Inventory Management Software, Amazon Inventory Management Industry : Software Location : Fremont - California - United States Subject : Websites Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Trending Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup New Fie Western Announced—Celebrations Begin With Free Western Giveaway of Million Selling Novel BizLibrary Releases New Features and Enhancements to Award-Winning Online Learning Platform DEP Wins 2017 Automotive Website Award in Websites Category $25,000 prize for startups from Seattle and the Greater Pacific Northwest: Synergy Tech Startup Contest announces an event for innovative companies Daily News Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2363 views Domenico Winery San Carlos, CA hosts 9 wineries for February 12th Valentine's Wine & Chocolate event - 1175 views Certified Professional Coach Clinton Ages Hosts A Three Session Vision Board Summit - 233 views Grassroots group transforms Cattle Ranch into live-in Library & Arts Center - 221 views Howard University Site for 2017 Kick-Off of "I am Psyched" Pop-up Museum National Tour - 206 views Weekly News Top Women Entrepreneurs of Alaska nominees for 2017 announced - 3110 views Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2363 views Hanley Investment Group & Coldwell Banker DuFour Realty Arrange Sale of New STNL ULTA Beauty - 1519 views Transformation Day is February 18th - 1172 views Husband and Wife Filmmakers Release Their Romantic Comedy 2 YEARS OF LOVE on Valentine's Day - 1053 views Daily News Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2363 views Domenico Winery San Carlos, CA hosts 9 wineries for February 12th Valentine's Wine & Chocolate event - 1175 views Certified Professional Coach Clinton Ages Hosts A Three Session Vision Board Summit - 233 views Grassroots group transforms Cattle Ranch into live-in Library & Arts Center - 221 views Howard University Site for 2017 Kick-Off of "I am Psyched" Pop-up Museum National Tour - 206 views Weekly News Top Women Entrepreneurs of Alaska nominees for 2017 announced - 3110 views Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2363 views Hanley Investment Group & Coldwell Banker DuFour Realty Arrange Sale of New STNL ULTA Beauty - 1519 views Transformation Day is February 18th - 1172 views Husband and Wife Filmmakers Release Their Romantic Comedy 2 YEARS OF LOVE on Valentine's Day - 1053 views PTC News Take the Chocolate Tour at Lennar's Heritage Active Adult communities - 387 views Next Gen® Family The Esquer's Showcased on CBS LA - 279 views New Homes at Foster Square Released for Sale - 183 views PM&E, Inc. Receives US$ 500,000 Investment in Cash And Appoints an Exclusive Agent for Asia - 179 views Save the Date for Lennar's The Grove Grand Opening Later This Month - 166 views Feb 08, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The New Face of American Unemployment Bloomberg Jeanna Smialek and Patricia Laya 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Why so many unmarried couples are buying houses Did the market just signal peak Trump? Click to expand Replay Video Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion A Homeland Security Department report seen by Reuters also says the border wall President Trump wants could take more than three years to build. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Cote d’Azur is a french business man who believes Uber’s technology is the reason that his marriage ended. He said that through the app his wife could see where he had been and he was going. Apparently, his wife did not approve of where he had been and they got divorced. He is now suing Uber for 45 million euros, which is $48 million American dollars. Uber has not yet commented on the lawsuit publicly. It is their policy to not make comments about individual cases. Wochit Business Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Entertainment Reporter Katrina Szish previews the movies in theaters this weekend and the Grammy Awards. Fox Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Columbia's Sachs: Boom at the Top of U.S. Economy Bloomberg See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion Reuters1:04 Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Wochit Business0:32 Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Fox Business4:01 Meet the collaborative robots that work with you Bloomberg3:14 An interesting shift is happening in the marijuana business International Business Times1:00 Is Under Armour asking for a backlash? The Wall Street Journal.0:43 Serial house sitting is the new fad for retirees CNBC0:56 This zero-waste packaging is made from bamboo CNN Money3:19 Top grossing pets on Instagram GOBankingRates1:13 Trump's tweets aren't helping Twitter make money Veuer0:42 Weak peso helps tequila giant Jose Cuervo go public The Wall Street Journal.1:02 Beautiful beaches that are ridiculously expensive GOBankingRates1:06 How do fake news sites make money? BBC News1:13 Trump meets with airlines CNBC2:00 This is the world's most expensive chocolate bar CNBC0:39 Honoured Apple CEO takes aim at Trump Reuters1:31 UP NEXT Even at so-called full employment, some 20 million Americans are left behind. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 68.02 -1.06 -1.53% AdChoices They’re looking for work, out of the labor force but unhappy about it, or report working part-time when they’d prefer more hours, according to data released last week. Their plight comes even as the U.S. flirts with what economists consider the maximum level of employment for the first time since before the recession, having added 15.8 million jobs since the start of 2010. While some of America’s jobless are simply between gigs, those persistently stuck out of work are called the structurally unemployed. President Donald Trump said wrongly last month that 96 million people are looking for work, having included Americans who are still in school, retired, or just uninterested. Yet his words resonated in a country where economic insecurity is distributed unequally and cruelly—far deeper in Mingo, W. Va., than in midtown Manhattan. Because of where the structurally unemployed live, what they’ve done, or the skills they lack, employers can’t or won’t hire them. The problems that keep today's jobless stuck on the sidelines are different than those of past recoveries: a complex web of often interrelated issues from disability and drug use to criminal records. Behind the statistics are people with 20 million unique stories. Here are five.© William Mebane for Bloomberg Tyler Moore, standing outside the Airstream trailer in which he once lived on his father’s property, was long locked out of the labor force. Fighting To Get Out of Mingo, W. Va. by Jeanna Smialek Tyler Moore’s late-December drive to Louisville, Ky., was one of desperation. He was headed four hours west on Interstate 64 to interview for a job. Even if he landed the position, filling his gas tank had left him with $8 to his name. He would have to sleep at a friend’s place until he could earn enough to pay rent. The 23-year-old had run out of options. He’d applied for dozens of jobs within an hour and a half of his hometown of Lovely, once a coal-mining stronghold. Instead of opportunities, he had found waiting lists. “Minimum-wage jobs, fast-food restaurants, Wal-Mart, anything like that, a lot of them has already been took,” he says in an Appalachian drawl, explaining that the backlog just to interview was a long as a year. “There are no jobs.” Moore’s story paints an extreme picture of how an economic environment can create a vicious circle of joblessness. While he is an imperfect job candidate, his flaws were molded by his upbringing in Martin County, Ky. and neighboring Mingo County, W. Va.© William Mebane for Bloomberg Moore takes advice from Therese Carew, a nun and counselor. His problems started in earnest in 2014. He had been living on his own for several years, having moved out at 18 after dropping out of high school, obtaining his GED, and going to work in security at a coal company. Moore is gay in an intensely conservative region, and he said he left school because of bullying. Moore lost his job in late 2013 after smoking marijuana and failing a drug test. Though he found temporary work as a remote customer service representative, he lost that one when his mother died of a drug overdose in 2014 and he had to plan her funeral. Deeply depressed and unemployed, he moved into an old Airstream camper propped on cinder blocks behind his father’s house, at the entrance to the litter-strewn trailer park that the older man owns in the misty hills of Lovely. There, surrounded by long-unemployed neighbors and rampant drug use, Moore began to abuse his medical prescriptions. “I guess I used it as my crutch, in a way,” he says. Moore began getting in fights while drugged and was arrested twice. When he landed in jail for several months, he realized things needed to change. He graduated from a rehabilitation program in September, one year, one month, and 15 days after that last altercation. Since then, he’s deepened his friendship with Sister Therese Carew, a Catholic nun who ministers to the region, and dedicated his time to job seeking. Opportunities are few. Coal mines have been closing, and they’ve taken most other businesses with them. To employers outside the area, the fact that Moore is neatly groomed, soft-spoken, and polite can’t mask his history. What’s more, he’s the first to admit that the math skills he learned in the local public schools—where only eight in 10 students graduate—aren’t up to par, and his speaking patterns are colored by regional grammar. His situation is difficult, but Moore has found a reason to hope.© William Mebane for Bloomberg Coal work, once a mainstay, has become scarce in Appalachia. He didn’t get the job for which he made that 240-mile (386-kilometer) drive, but he dropped in to his old rehab center on the way home. When he explained his predicament, the director of operations told him that he could come back until he gets on his feet. The group has found a job for him in plastics manufacturing that could turn full-time after a 30-day probation period. The position is enabling him to pay $100 a week in rent. It’s a chance to build an employment record as he fights to have his record expunged. Still, moving out requires a tough tradeoff: Moore would have preferred to stay close to home, because his family is still in Kentucky and his father is in his seventies. And the job probably isn’t a pathway to wealth and ease. But what Moore wants most is mere self-sufficiency. “A simple lifestyle, but being able to have work: I ain’t got to have nothing exquisite,” he says.© William Mebane for Bloomberg David Wolf wears his journey through drugs and crime on his arm. Branded as Untouchable by a Felony Rap By Patricia Laya These days, David Wolf doesn’t allow himself to get excited by the news of a job offer. Most get rescinded within days. It’s happened at least a hundred times, he said. In 2012, Wolf was convicted of faking a name and Social Security number to get prescription painkillers. Now the 40-year-old father of three and former Marine, who has an associate’s degree from St. Petersburg College, has struggled to find employment. He's received so many retracted offers that he’s lost count. “I get more interviews that I can shake my stick at, but again, it always comes back around to the denominator of being a felon,” Wolf says from his small, one-level ranch house in a Tampa, Fla., suburb, where religious imagery and family photos decorate his walls. “For many, many years, I pretty much got whatever job I wanted. I was able to do anything I felt like doing. It’s really been a humbling experience.”© William Mebane for Bloomberg Wolf researches employment options at a career center in New Port Richey, Fla. Wolf, whose chaotic life before he got clean included several domestic battery and drug-related charges, is one of the more than a half-million people who are released from U.S. federal and state prison every year. The influx occurs as the nation comes out of a decades-long war on illegal drugs. Implementation of stricter laws and tougher enforcement that led to a mushrooming of incarcerations and a booming ex-offender population. Before his identity theft conviction five years ago, Wolf held several jobs in sales and marketing, managed a call center, and served as a recruiter for the U.S. Marines. Since, he and his family have since lived off food stamps and cash assistance. “They wouldn’t even hire me to sell Christmas trees at a Home Depot through an employment agency,” he says. “A lot of times the hiring managers feel like they have their hands tied, due to company policy. It’s something that really needs to change. Not only can I not get a job, but I can’t get a job with a living wage for my family. I have three children. I have a wife. I’m not a bad guy.” Wolf shares his home with his second wife, his toddler, and a cat he gently picks up every time it scurries into the living room. Nearly half of U.S. children now have at least one parent with a criminal record. A Corinthians verse, “Love is patient, love is kind, love never fails,” decorates a sofa cushion. Outside his living room window, children gather by a school bus stop as the morning fog lifts in the modest neighborhood of Holiday, Fla.© William Mebane for Bloomberg Family photographs on the piano at Wolf’s home in Holiday, Fla. Less than a 10-minute drive away, he spends his free time volunteering at a Mormon church, where he also gets career training. A workshop book, The Lord Would Want You to Be Successful, rests on his living-room’s desk. Men with criminal records now account for about 34 percent of nonworking men aged from 25 and 54 years old, otherwise known as prime working age. “Myself and many other felons, and we’re facing demons, downtime isn’t a good thing,” he says. Almost half of released inmates are arrested again within eight years, either for new offenses or for violating the conditions of their release. “We’re getting food stamps and cash assistance. We don’t like being on it. But the society that looks down on those receiving assistance is the same society that won’t hire me, and the same society that judges criminals when they reoffend.” He had the word “forgiven” inked on his forearm after a stint in rehab. On the worst days of his addiction, which started following a car crash more than a decade ago, Wolf remembers taking as many as 40 pills in one day. OxyContin, Percocet, and Vicodin were his usual ones. “It affected me, seeing guys that have sentences of 20, 30 years. This is a vicious, vicious circle, and we’re not going anywhere.” © William Mebane for Bloomberg Leroy Moore, one of almost 9 million Americans who receive disability insurance, spends nearly half of his monthly check on his apartment. Stymied by Disability, Finding Solace in Art By Patricia Laya The walls of Leroy Moore’s cluttered apartment in Berkeley, Calif., shake with beats of dissent. Moore, 48, sits at his usual spot in front of the computer on a rainy winter morning, his fingers tapping his cane as he gets lost in a new song by an old favorite, We The People, by A Tribe Called Quest. The hip-hop lyrics speak of discrimination. “Being black, you have to work twice as hard, but being black with a disability, that’s another game entirely,” says Moore, who grew up with cerebral palsy in the suburbs of Hartford, Conn. “I got tiring of hearing I had to prove myself, or that people would have to take a chance on me.” Moore is just one of almost 9 million Americans who receive disability insurance, a cohort vastly expanded over the past decades by an aging generation of baby boomers, broader eligibility criteria, and intermittent economic downturns. His disability is a neurological disorder that primarily affects his body and muscle coordination and slurs his speech. Moore studied political science at Southern Connecticut State University. After a couple of back-of-the-shop jobs in college, as a dishwasher and stock clerk, he began a long career in volunteering at centers for the disabled. After moving to the Bay Area in the 1990s, he worked at nonprofits helping people with disabilities lead independent lives. He also began facing his first roadblocks while looking for jobs. “In one interview, I remember the guy just started to talk to me really slowly. I just went along with it and by the end I told him, ‘You should try speech lessons. They worked for me,’” he says. “He turned bright red and I didn’t get the job.”© William Mebane for Bloomberg Moore uses his tricycle to cart groceries and take out the recycling. “These were so many jobs I knew I was qualified for, like working with disabled youth, and I still didn’t get them.” Moore started freelancing for magazines, making radio appearances and taking speaking gigs at colleges to make ends meet. His rent-controlled apartment comes to almost $300 a month, wiping out almost half his monthly disability check of around $700. He founded what he calls Krip-Hop Nation, a movement that seeks to unite artists with disabilities and whose work and posters now cover his walls. His favorite records, such as the Cripples’ What’s in a Name and books like Can’t Stop, Won’t Stop: A History of the Hip-Hop Generation, lie on the floor and against the walls. A figurine of Ray Charles sits atop a television, and a bright blue tricycle he uses to get around town sits in the middle of the living room. “The hardest part is people’s attitudes—there’s an invisibility surrounding people with disabilities,” he says. “I used to go to the basement and look at my dad’s records when I was a child. That’s where I first saw disabled musicians, especially in blues. It was my mirror.”© William Mebane for Bloomberg Jeff Pfeifer, chief executive officer of MLP Steel, faces a labor shortage. Many prospective workers are disqualified by urine tests. A Drug Epidemic Makes Steel Workers Scarce By Jeanna Smialek At a 200-foot-long steel-rolling machine in Scottdale, Pa., two workers in yellow hard hats monitor screens filled with flashing numbers as they refine rough wire into pencil-thick rod calibrated to a thousandth of a millimeter. This work takes years of training, and MLP Steel Chief Executive Officer Jeff Pfeifer struggles to find employees to fill the job. Years ago, he spoke on local radio news about the shortage of skilled workers, bringing a line of 100 job seekers to his gravel parking lot. “Two-thirds of people who came in to interview failed the drug test,” Pfeifer says, shaking his head. The company had to pay to test the applicants, so “it got to be a very expensive radio show.” MLP’s business model is built around delivering custom cold-drawn steel, deformed wire and other steel products faster than foreign competitors possibly could. That means workers need to be on top of their game or they dent thin margins and cost precious time. “We’re not out there with shovels and coal anymore,” Pfeifer says. “We’ll just about hire anybody that we can get our hands on if the person comes in drug-free and they show up for work on time.” The complicated jobs, which pay $12 to $20 an hour, plus health care and benefits, require sober workers. Sitting in his office behind a wide wooden desk strewn with manila folders and steel samples, Pfeifer explains that his company has a zero tolerance policy: If you’re using drugs, you’re out. “They present a safety problem to everyone,” Pfeifer said. “We need people in here who are good, they’re alert.” Like much of the Rust Belt, western Pennsylvania is combating an opioid epidemic that’s devolved from painkiller abuse to rampant heroin addiction. “With booze, we could tell it right away; with heroin and whatnot, you can’t,” Pfeifer says.© William Mebane for Bloomberg On the factory floor, a spool of steel wire will be custom-shaped under pressure. To maintain a sober workplace, MLP pre-screens job candidates and tests workers’ responses in the event of an accident, Pfeifer saya. That’s a regular industry practice, and it’s common for candidates to fall short: A Pennsylvania Manufacturers’ Association study from 2014 found that one in three potential hires either refuses or fails the drug test. “We’re down to a core group of workers right now,” Pfeifer says. The labor shortage comes primarily because older steel workers are retiring and younger generations attach a stigma to steel, he thinks, but drugs are exacerbating the shortfall. Pfeifer’s company is managing its labor shortage by substituting machines for workers. He walked me through one of the motor grease-scented blue warehouses in Scottdale, gesturing toward a computerized panel on the plant’s newer mill and explaining that it stands in for a human worker. It monitors steel as it passes through rollers and dips in and out of water-filled cooling tanks, communicating with a central, manned station down the line. Eventually he’s going to need a specialist to maintain even this machine. And the hiring problem rears its head anew.© William Mebane for Bloomberg Mike Schlager offers help and résumé skills training to others who are looking for employment at the Buffalo Employment and Training Center. At 55, a ‘Rainy Day’ Turns Into a Year By Jeanna Smialek Mike Schlager has gotten plenty of practice at job interviews over the past 15 months. The 55-year-old from Buffalo lost his job as a lumber-company information systems manager a year ago. He was the highest-paid person in his department when it underwent a management change, so the dismissal didn’t come as a complete surprise. In fact, he’d started looking into new jobs months before he was axed. Still, he was unprepared for what came next: more than a year of fruitless running on the hiring treadmill. Schlager estimates that he’s applied to 70 or 80 positions. A dozen companies called him back repeatedly. Whenever management or the human-resources department realizes he’s in his 50s, the offer disappears. “The first thing they say is, ‘Boy, you have a strong resume. We’d love to talk to you,’” says Schlager, who lives alone and has a grown daughter. “Then they bring you in for a one-on-one interview and they see that you aren’t 25, that you’re an older person.” By Schlager’s reckoning, employers probably don’t want to hire someone who will be a health-care expense and who might retire soon, even though he has 37 years of experience. The idea that age discrimination is a barrier to hiring is supported by economic research, and it could be increasingly important as more and more Americans cross the older-than-55 threshold. “It’s a common theme,” Schlager says. “I talk to other people in my neighborhood around my age, and this happens all the time.” Schlager has worked at big-name companies, including FedEx Corp., and his résumé is filled with programming, hardware, and operating-system skills. He says the fact that he gets so far into the interviewing process proves that his abilities aren’t the problem.© William Mebane for Bloomberg Anita Wolniewicz, program director at Support Services Corporation, discusses Mike’s employment situation. “It’s very discriminatory, if you ask me,” Schlager said, explaining that interviewers avoid asking his age or mentioning it, because such discrimination is illegal. He has nothing on his resume that marks his age. “It’s a vicious game, and they do it legally, but there’s that undertow.” Schlager was making $53 an hour working 35 to 40 hours a week in his last position, but he’s applying to lower-skill, lower-pay positions in logistics as he broadens his job search. There’s a limit as to how far down the ladder he’ll drop, though, because he wants to make sure that he has employer-provided health-care coverage. Not finding employment isn’t an option. While he has relatively low living expenses, Schlager is dipping into his 401(k), so he’ll need to replace what he’s withdrawn. And, beyond financial motivation, he wants a job for its own sake. “It just kills me to sit here, and not work, and have the abilities that I do,” he said. “I call it a rainy day that turned into a rainy month that turned into a rainy year.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Would you like to see the Eastern Hills Mall adapted for reuse? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorials Letters to the Editor Police Blotter Bee Heard Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events Services Advertiser Index News Archive Copyright© 2005-2017 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2017-02-08 / Local News Tweet Print Senior News The Clarence Senior Center is located at 4600 Thompson Road. Contact the center at 633-5138 to sign up for activities. When registering for free activities and programs, you can call the office or email your name, phone number and desired event(s) to signup@clarenceseniorcenter.org. Additional information is available at clarenceseniorcenter.org. “The mission of Clarence Senior Citizens Inc. is to provide social, recreational, educational and nutritional programs, as well as opportunities for volunteerism, to persons in the community who are age 55 and older.” Transportation The center has a 14-passenger bus available to provide transportation to members between their homes and the center. The bus, which is owned by the Town of Clarence, also takes members shopping to Tops, Wegmans, Target, Wal-Mart, Dash’s and Eastern Hills Mall on a rotating basis Call the office at 633-5138 for more information. or to make arrangements for pickup. Every week Monday: So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; tap dancing, 10:15 a.m.; jazz dancing, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; euchre, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Men’s bridge, 9 a.m.; women’s bridge, 9:15 a.m.; Scrabble, 10 a.m.; Eat, Live, Be Wellness Group, 10 a.m.; blood pressure screening, 10 a.m. to noon; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; intermediate bridge, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Euchre, 9 a.m.; beginner line dance, 9 a.m.; So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; ceramics, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; line dance, 9:30 a.m.; computer support, 10 a.m. to noon; arthritis exercise, 11:15 a.m.; billiards, noon; bridge, 12:30 p.m.; watercolor painting, 1 p.m.; canasta, 1 p.m. Wednesday Evening: Billiards, 6:30 p.m.; pinochle, 6:30 p.m.; woodworking, 6:30 p.m. Thursday: Zumba, 9 a.m.; beginner bridge, 10 a.m.; tai chi, 11 a.m.; billiards, noon; duplicate bridge, 12:30 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:15 p.m; shuffleboard, 1:15 p.m. Friday: Intermediate bridge, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 9 a.m.; yoga, 9 a.m.; Rummikub, 9:30 a.m.; Senior Outreach, 9:30 to 11 a.m.; computer support, 10 to 11:30 a.m.; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; pinochle, 1 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; dominoes, 1 p.m. Lunch at the Center Lunch is served daily at 12:30 p.m. for a suggested donation of $3 for those 60 years and older. Lunch is $5 for guests younger than 60. Menus featuring daily selections are available at the center. Calendar of Events Problem-Free Computing 10 a.m. Thursday, Feb. 9 — Is your Windows computer (XP, 7, 8, 10) running slowly? Chances are your computer is infected with viruses and malware. We will explain and show you how Linux Mint runs better on your computer to give you problem-free computing. Bring in your laptops for a live demonstration. Sign up in the office. Fabulous Fiber 1:30 p.m. Friday, Feb. 10 — Eating a diet high in fiber is a big step toward improving your health, but most Americans don’t consume the recommended 25 to 35 grams of fiber each day. Eating enough fiber can help you control blood sugar and cholesterol, as well as your weight. Join us as we discuss how you can add more fiber to your diet. Sign up in the office. Valentine’s Day Luncheon 12:30 p.m. Tuesday, Feb. 14 — Join us for Valentine’s Day at the center. If you are a fan of Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin, you will enjoy our entertainment provided by Jack Civiletto. The suggested donation for lunch is $3. Sign up on the nutrition board. Return to top Browse Archives Clarence Special Events 2017 Click for schedule
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 36° News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics Election Guide Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Watch Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Living Good News Momaha Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Inside Business Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Omaha 36° Omaha, NE (68102) Today Partly cloudy skies during the morning hours will become overcast in the afternoon. High 54F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Cloudy with gusty winds developing overnight. Low 31F. Winds NNW at 20 to 30 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 2:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits Close 1 of 6 KENT SIEVERS/THE WORLD-HERALD Jared Bakewell, center, and his staff at Proseeds Inc., which helps match customers with merchants willing to share sales dollars with charities. REBECCA S. GRATZ/THE WORLD-HERALD Esculon LLC, started by Omaha native Evan Luxon, right, is developing a medical device called Thoraguard along with research and development engineer Ryan Coughlin. REBECCA S. GRATZ/THE WORLD-HERALD Evan Luxon’s Esculon LLC is seeking FDA approval for its medical device Thoraguard, which helps to remove post-surgical fluids. MATT DIXON/THE WORLD-HERALD Fairshop founders Iyad Aldalooj, left, and Jay Raggal, whose home-improvement startup sold $2.4 million in goods last year. MATT DIXON/THE WORLD-HERALD Omaha has a “great startup community,” said Iyad Aldalooj of Fairshop. “You don’t have to pay a fortune for a good office ... And there’s a talent pool.” MATT DIXON/THE WORLD-HERALD CEO Jay Raggal with his 6-year-old son, Hassan, in the family-friendly office for online shopping site Fairshop.com. Fresh start  for startups: Entrepreneurs find a welcoming  environment in Omaha for new tech businesses By Steve Jordon / World-Herald staff writer Steve Jordon Feb 8, 2017 Updated Feb 9, 2017 (…) KENT SIEVERS/THE WORLD-HERALD Jared Bakewell, center, and his staff at Proseeds Inc., which helps match customers with merchants willing to share sales dollars with charities. REBECCA S. GRATZ/THE WORLD-HERALD Esculon LLC, started by Omaha native Evan Luxon, right, is developing a medical device called Thoraguard along with research and development engineer Ryan Coughlin. REBECCA S. GRATZ/THE WORLD-HERALD Evan Luxon’s Esculon LLC is seeking FDA approval for its medical device Thoraguard, which helps to remove post-surgical fluids. MATT DIXON/THE WORLD-HERALD Fairshop founders Iyad Aldalooj, left, and Jay Raggal, whose home-improvement startup sold $2.4 million in goods last year. MATT DIXON/THE WORLD-HERALD Omaha has a “great startup community,” said Iyad Aldalooj of Fairshop. “You don’t have to pay a fortune for a good office ... And there’s a talent pool.” MATT DIXON/THE WORLD-HERALD CEO Jay Raggal with his 6-year-old son, Hassan, in the family-friendly office for online shopping site Fairshop.com. Ideas, capital and hardworking, talented people. Those ingredients are starting to turn Omaha into a fertile home for new businesses, according to three entrepreneurs recently named to one-year fellowships with Pipeline, a program with seminars, mentors and advisers to help startups succeed. Their business concepts are different: One has a new medical device. Another aims at making charitable donations easier and more frequent. The third runs an online site selling home-improvement goods, from armoires to zinc tub spouts. But all three said Omaha’s emerging startup environment is helping turn their ideas into profit-making, job-creating businesses that could reach national and even international markets. “I’ve been really impressed with all the activity I’ve seen,” said Omaha native Evan Luxon, who returned to Nebraska about a year ago after hearing about efforts in the state to encourage new businesses. “Everybody is willing to help and excited about making things happen.” The Midwest and Nebraska got a late start in the tech startup arena, said Dr. Rod Markin, executive director of UneTech, a joint business incubator effort by the University of Nebraska at Omaha and the University of Nebraska Medical Center. “But we’re getting there,” Markin said. “A lot of people are interested in seeing Nebraska develop as a tech space for this part of the country.” Luxon, Iyad Adalooj and Jared Blakewell are among 12 members of the 2017 fellowship class of the Pipeline program, which is based in Kansas City, Missouri, and focuses on entrepreneurs in Missouri, Nebraska and Kansas. Their stories: Iyad Aldalooj, Fairshop The beginning was a disaster.  After inventing and selling a remote-control device called ClickVent to open and shut air vents (his college roommate was too short to reach a ceiling vent), Aldalooj’s online sales business had to refund customers’ money because the devices wore out in a matter of weeks. “That was embarrassing,” said Aldalooj, whose name is pronounced “EE-yahd AHL-dah-looje.” But from that experience, Aldalooj learned e-commerce and now heads Fairshop, a website for home-improvement products, including bathroom and kitchen fixtures, lighting, hardware, tools, filters, fans and lawn and garden products. Last year, purchases on Fairshop.com, Amazon and (by invitation) Walmart’s online site reached $2.4 million. The company is talking with investors to raise capital for growth. Fairshop’s expertise, Aldalooj said, is customer service, along with an attractive, easy-to-use website and a policy of free shipping, free returns and no added fees. Its team of nine includes a customer service staff, and that won’t be outsourced to a call center. “We have more control,” he said. “We ensure quality. We bend the rules for the customer. We don’t follow a script. The goal is to build a store online that is known as the most customer-centric store for home improvements.” Being in Omaha works, he said. “The cost of living is low,” Aldalooj said. “You don’t have to pay a fortune for a good office. We’ve been fortunate to have the best people. We really love the work ethic. And there’s a talent pool.” He said the universities in Omaha and Lincoln also help create a collaborative environment for new businesses. “I think there’s a great startup community, really building another Silicon Valley here,” he said. Jared Bakewell, Proseeds Inc. Proseeds aims to marry three goals: better fundraising for nonprofit groups, easier contributions by consumers who believe in causes and loyal customers for merchants willing to share sales dollars with charities. Bakewell’s long experience with the Savings Sidekick coupon book led to this computer-based version. Guided by computer programs written by co-founder Giordano Barahona and marketing by co-founder Josh Kelley, Proseeds works like this: Consumers choose favorite nonprofit groups and register their own credit or debit cards with Proseeds, which promises “bank-like” card security. Consumers patronize merchants — about 130 locations signed up so far — who agree to donate 5 percent of card purchases to the designated nonprofits. Another percentage, typically about 2.5 percent, goes to Proseeds. Nonprofits receive the donations automatically, without having to ask. Some have held contests to see which of their supporters are the biggest “Proseeders.” “It’s really the generosity of the merchants that makes the whole system work,” Bakewell said. The consumers bring the merchants and the nonprofits together by picking causes and making purchases. “That mechanism, when it comes to fruition, will truly change the world,” Bakewell said. “Imagine if all the nonprofits in Omaha and the state and beyond, through the nation and the world, didn’t have to ask for fundraising dollars.” Some similar programs, including TAGG, or Together a Greater Good, operate locally or nationally, with some variations. Since last May, when Proseeds began operations in the Omaha area, thousands of registered consumers have spent hundreds of thousands of dollars, and merchants have sent thousands of dollars to about 250 nonprofit groups. Bakewell declined to be more specific. Now the plan is to go nationwide as quickly as possible. Bakewell said it can be a struggle to find or bring talented people, including software programmers, to Omaha, but people here are willing to try new ideas. “They’re not hammered by new ideas constantly, so when something does come along it tends to catch their attention,” he said. “When something new comes to town, people perk up.” Evan Luxon, Esculon LLC Luxon left Nebraska for graduate school, and in San Francisco was product developer for a medical monitoring device that is now being distributed to hospitals nationwide. “I always wanted to get back home,” he said, and heard about efforts in Lincoln and Omaha to encourage startups. “I thought it would be a great time to get back and build Esculon from scratch.” The company is working toward Food and Drug Administration approval for a device called Thoraguard. The goal is to start selling it next year for use in the 750,000 cardiothoracic surgeries that take place every year. As surgeons complete operations on the heart, lung or other internal organs, they typically insert drainage tubes in the chest or abdomen to remove fluids that can build up harmfully after surgery. The tubes are removed as the patient recovers. “We see it as a great opportunity to bring chest tubes up to speed with modern medicine,” Luxon said, replacing chest tube technology that is decades old. Standard drainage tubes are too thick — bigger around than even some incisions made by modern-day surgeons. After surgery, nurses must regularly “milk” or “strip” the tubes to prevent clogging and other problems. The big tubes are painful to remove and can lead to complications, longer hospital stays and readmissions. Luxon, a mechanical engineer by training, is the primary inventor of Thoraguard, which uses a small-bore drainage tube attached to a patented system that automatically keeps the tube draining. In animal tests, it drains twice as much fluid as ordinary tubes. Last year, Esculon received a $150,000 grant from the National Science Foundation and $97,500 in matching funding from the Nebraska Department of Economic Development. That follows a $50,000 prototype grant in 2015. Luxon said he heard about Omaha’s efforts to help new businesses from Traci Hancock, director of UNO’s Maverick Innovations. “As we finalize the device, we’re going to be growing here, hiring here,” Luxon said. “This is really where we’re going to build the company.” Hancock’s introductions helped him set up a network of people and groups in Omaha, he said. “I do kind of feel that energy that she was telling me about a couple years ago,” Luxon said. “We don’t have the critical mass of startups that you have out in Silicon Valley, but I don’t think it’s a huge detriment. I’ve been able to connect with all the right people. There’s definitely an energy here that’s building.” steve.jordon@owh.com, 402-444-1080, twitter.com/buffettOWH Tags Evan Luxon Commerce Economics Omaha Company Consumer Jared Blakewell Entrepreneur Merchant Steve Jordon Steve covers banking, insurance, the economy and other topics, including Berkshire Hathaway, Mutual of Omaha and other businesses. Follow Steve Jordon Close Get email notifications on Steve Jordon daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Steve Jordon posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Steve Jordon Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Recommended for you Featured Businesses The Jaipur 10922 Elm St, Omaha, NE 68144 402-392-7331 Bill Black Team - CBSHome 15950 W Dodge Rd, Ste 300, Omaha, NE 68118 402-680-2500 UNO Athletics | University of Nebraska Omaha 6001 Dodge Street, Omaha, NE 68182 402-554-4142 State Farm Insurance Agent - John Scott 1705 McPherson Ave, Ste 500, Council Bluffs, IA 51503 712-328-3243 Cunninghams Pub & Grill 10904 W Dodge Rd, Omaha, NE 68154 402-934-4385 Lexus of Omaha 13025 W Dodge Rd, Omaha, NE 68154 402-333-6400 Vehicles World-Herald 150 Stocks In case you missed it Fresh start  for startups: Entrepreneurs find a welcoming  environment in Omaha for new tech businesses If Trump, Congress pull the plug on Obamacare, everyone’s plan could change Nebraska farmers, ranchers wary of Trump ending NAFTA, which has quadrupled U.S. ag exports More cattle, lower prices: Ranchers and feeders hope consumers respond by buying more beef New life, and a nod to the past, as National Indemnity building set to become apartments Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Warren Watch: 'Frankie No' said yes to Buffett at exclusive Rao’s restaurant in NYC Replay: Feb. 7 Warren Watch chat Review: 'Becoming Warren Buffett' is a timely reassurance that some billionaires have a heart Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion Obits ePaper Full site index Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team
Success Cafemom Entertainment Share This Story Parenting Lifestyle Entertainment News cafemom 11 Crazy AF Things Moms Have Overheard Driving the Carpool Top Story Parenting Lifestyle Entertainment News Community Featured: First Time for Everything Winter Wellness Cold Weather Fun Dream Big, Princess Bring Home Happy More + Follow Us About Privacy Terms Interest-Based Ads Contact Contribute Jenelle Evans's Son Jace Had Hilarious Response to Finding Out About Her Pregnancy Jenny Erikson Monday at 11:15 PM 1 Share Tweet Pin j_evans1219/Instagram There was no shortage of drama again this week on Teen Mom 2 -- which we're sure surprises exactly nobody. It was an especially big week for Jenelle Evans, as this was the episode that she finally went public with her pregnancy. Jenelle was expecting her third child with boyfriend David Eason (she also has Jace, 7, and Kaiser, 2, from previous relationships), and even though she had finally admitted to MTV producers that there was a bun in the oven, she had yet to tell the world -- including her mom, Barbara Evans. Jenelle and David found out at an ultrasound that she was expecting her first daughter, and decided to announce it to the world via Instagram. When they got together with Babs and the older kids later, she was not pleased that Jenelle hadn't told her in person, and that she had to find out at Walmart when people asked her about it. Perhaps the best response to Jenelle's pregnancy though was from Jace, who looked rather stunned at the news. When Jenelle sat down with him and asked what he thought about his mom having another baby, he said, "It's just not right." He's wise beyond his years, that one. More from CafeMom: Jenelle Evans's Custody Woes Just Got Even Worse Kailyn Lowry's son Isaac, 7, also had a troubling issue to deal with, as his mom and stepdad Javi Marroquin were going through a nasty divorce. Last week on the show we saw Kail call Isaac's dad Jo Rivera to come pick him up for the week, after Isaac witnessed a devastating fight between her and Javi. This week, Jo made the effort to get together with Javi, in part so Isaac could play with his little brother Lincoln, but also to make sure that Javi was aware Jo didn't want his son around that kind of atmosphere. Thankfully, everything remained civil, and Javi agreed to keep Jo in the loop if he needed help dealing with Kail and the kids. More from CafeMom: Kailyn Lowry Responds to Rumors She's Pregnant With Baby #3 Leah Messer avoided the confrontation with her ex-husbands over her planned Mexico vacation with daughters Ali and Aleeah Grace (her daughters with Corey Simms), and Adalynn (her daughter with Jeremy Calvert), by traveling to California instead. They looked like they had a total blast, and Ali looked like she was doing great -- both in her motorized wheelchair and when she decided to walk with her sisters. Leah said in the episode that she loved the independence the wheelchair provides her, but she isn't going to stop her when she wants to get out and try to do things herself. More from CafeMom: Leah Messer Faces Judgment for How Much Makeup Her Daughter Is Wearing Chelsea (Houska) DeBoer's bump continued to grow, and she showed off her second-trimester pregnancy hack by fastening her jeans with a hair tie around the button, because she refused to buy maternity pants at 15 weeks. She also had a run-in with Aubree's dad Adam Lind at Aubs's T-ball game, where she pointed out that he hadn't been all season -- except to the two games that MTV filmed. Let's just say we weren't surprised to hear it at all. Read More teen mom Share this Story Share Tweet Pin 1 comments Related Articles Couples Matt Damon's Reaction to Amal & George Clooney's Pregnancy News Is... Celebrities Whitney Port Shares What All Moms Think in Honest Pregnancy... Get the latest from CafeMom directly to your inbox Subscribe Please enter a valid email address. Piping Hot 01. 13 Baby Girl 'Nicknames' That Make Adorable First Names 02. Matt Damon's Reaction to Amal & George Clooney's Pregnancy News Is... 03. Whitney Port Shares What All Moms Think in Honest Pregnancy... 04. American Girl Dolls Have Just Been Made into 'Never Nudes' 05. 11 Crazy AF Things Moms Have Overheard Driving the Carpool 06. 14 Moms Reveal the Parenting 'Rules' They Can't Stop Breaking 07. 15 Baby Boy 'Nicknames' That Make Kickass First Names 08. 14 Voicemail 'Transcription Fails' That Should Get These... 09. Gender-Reveal Parties Need to Go -- Here's Why 10. Rosie Huntington-Whiteley Announces Pregnancy With Radiant Beach Pic 11. Dad Tells Men to 'Suck It Up' in This Epic Parenting Post 12. Here's How People Are Reacting to Betsy DeVos's Confirmation all piping hot Comment Overload Movies 121 Giveaway: 'The Lego Batman Movie' Prize Pack & $100 Visa Gift Card Parenting News 14 American Girl Dolls Have Just Been Made into 'Never Nudes' Follow us About PrivacyPrivacy TermsTerms Interest-based Ads Interest-based AdsInterest-based Ads Contact Contribute ©2016 CMI Marketing. Inc. All Rights Reserved. Part of the CafeMedia family Cafemom Revelist Mamáslatinas Vivala Baby Name Wizard Cafemedia Studios Cafemom close in 2 seconds Get the latest from CafeMom in your Inbox Sign Up Please enter a valid email address Thanks! You've signed up for MomTalk #nofilter! sponsored content
WTVF Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Radar & Maps 7-Day Forecast Live Cameras Current Conditions Forecast Pages School Closings Weather Alerts Weather Team Weather Kids Weather Videos Traffic + Sky5 HD Gas Prices TDOT Traffic Report Airport News + Local Tennessee Kentucky U.S. NC5 Investigates Education School Patrol Medical Politics Entertainment Sports + Titans Predators Commodores Volunteers Blue Raiders TSU Tigers Sounds Talk of the Town + Recipes Extras Go Local Be Your Best Meet the Team NewsChannel5+ + Watch 5+ Live MorningLine OpenLine SportsLine Inside Politics Community Health Matters Countdown to Friday Fishin' Affliction Inside Workforce Development The Income Guys Issues of Faith LifeStyle with Denise Simons Medical Monday Mortgage Matters Out & About Today Panorama Pharmacist On Call The Plus Side of Nashville Retirement Report Ring of Faith ¿Que Pasa Nashville? SCORE on Business Southern Woods & Waters Titans Talk Words & Music Urban Outlook Money + Consumer Reports Consumer Alert Shop Smart Life + Back to School Summer Heart Health Fall Black Friday Flu Season Healthy New Year Celebrate Tennessee Photos + my5 Viewer Photos Weather Kids Video + Live Newscasts Watch 5+ Live CBSN Live Video YouTube Roku About Us + Contact Us Submit News Tips Contests TV Listings Team Bios Advertise with Us EEO Public File Report Closed Captioning Support Jobs Current 59° Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: 65° LO: 53° HI: 64° LO: 44° HI: 49° LO: 35° Weather Traffic current alerts 1 Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 2 Closings & Delays Closings and current delays 2 Closings Bill Could Add Pictures To EBT Cards To Combat Fraud Jesse Knutson 9:53 PM, Feb 7, 2017 10:03 PM, Feb 7, 2017 Share Article Previous Next A bill proposing that pictures be optional on EBT cards was introduced by Senator Jim Tracy on Tuesday with the intent of helping fight EBT card fraud in Tennessee. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next NASHVILLE, Tenn. - A bill proposing that pictures be optional on EBT cards was introduced by Senator Jim Tracy on Tuesday with the intent of helping fight EBT card fraud in Tennessee.  EBT is an online system where cash assistance benefits replacing food stamps are stored, all with the goal of helping those who need it, but sometimes, those benefit cards can be misused. Senator Tracy's son experienced attempted misuse of EBT Cards first hand.  "He went to Walmart one night and he called me and said, 'Dad, there were people out trying to sell the EBT cards for cash," Tracy said, adding that he knew about EBT fraud, but that experience made him realize something needed to be done. "That's not what those cards are designed to do. They're designed to have the benefits for the person who is qualified as a cardholder."  Tracy found that two states allow cardholders to put their pictures on their cards to avoid any fraud from happening and decided to bring forward a bill that would allow Tennessee to do the same.  It would not be required for photos to be on the cards, but it would be an option for anyone renewing their card to help protect those who need the benefits, and those taxpayers that help fund those benefits.  "Hopefully this wills top the fraud of people selling the cards and people getting benefits that are not qualified for it," Tracy said.  The bill is still in it's early stages and has to make it out of committee and pass the house and senate, but Senator Tracy believes his legislation is a common sense. "To me, it's a bipartisan thing. This is just a protection of the benefits for the cardholder and protection of the taxpayer paying for these benefits," Tracy explained.  If an individual decided to get a photo added to their EBT card, it could also be used as a valid state ID and could be used for voting. Law enforcement would be responsible for enforcing the law and preventing fraud using the new EBT cards, while grocery store clerks will not be held responsible for that duty.  Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story Alleged Gunman Killed By Officer At Cayce Homes An alleged gunman was killed after being shot by a Metro Nashville Police officer at a public housing complex just east of downtown.   "Pet-Flipping" Increases In Nashville Pet adoption groups said "pet-flipping" is a startling trend that has grown across Middle Tennessee, and it could be behind the theft of a… Elderly Couple's Dog Found Shot, Choked To Death Officials with the Montgomery Animal Care & Control and Montgomery County Sheriff's Office have opened an investigation into a disturbing… Female Student Reports On-Campus Sexual Assault A female student reported that she was sexually assaulted in a Vanderbilt University dorm. Family, Friends Lay Officer Mumaw To Rest Metro Officer Eric Mumaw has been laid to rest by family and friends. Nashville Club Padlocked, Deemed Public Nuisance A North Nashville club has been padlocked after Metro Nashville Police deemed it to be a public nuisance.  Stewart County Man Charged With Child Rape A Stewart County man has been charged with child rape. Woman Injured In Road Rage Shooting In Antioch A woman was shot when a gunman followed her home after a road rage incident in Antioch.   Best Buddies Hold 7th Annual Prom Thousands of teens danced the night away at the Best Buddies 7th Annual Prom. News Sports Weather Traffic Talk of the Town NewsChannel 5+Support NewsChannel 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Team Bios About Us Contest Your Money As Seen on NC5 School Patrol TV Listings Laff Mobile Apps NewsChannel 5 iPhone iPad Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Insurance Brokers Global Market Briefing 2017 News provided by ReportBuyer Feb 07, 2017, 21:44 ET Share this article LONDON, Feb. 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Brokers are engaged as intermediaries in selling annuities and insurance policies. These companies offer wide range of insurance products from various insurance carriers. These entities charge premium or commission from insurance companies as well as from customers. The Americas was the x largest geographic region in the insurance brokers services market in 2016, accounting for $x billion or x% of the global market. Asia was the x largest geographic market, accounting for $x billion or x% of the global market. Europe was the x largest geographic market, accounting for $x billion or x% of the global market. The Middle East and Africa accounted for x% and $x billion, while Oceania accounted for x% of the global insurance brokers market. Entrance of Nontraditional Firms in the Insurance Brokers Market Nontraditional companies such as Google, Amazon and Walmart are entering the insurance intermediary market to capitalize on their brand image, large capital and customer base. Their primary focus is on distribution of health, property and casualty insurance products. In line with this trend, these companies are also entering into partnerships, joint ventures and alliances with other established insurance carriers to offer insurance products and services to their customers. For instance, Walmart and Autoinsurance.com formed an alliance in 2014. Similarly, Magma Fincorp and HDI-Gerling came together to form a joint venture in 2015. These collaboration have enabled new entrants to acquire market knowledge and understand the industry dynamics. Insurance brokers and agents should consider collaborating with cash rich companies to increase their service offerings and market share. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4590180/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/insurance-brokers-global-market-briefing-2017-300403950.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Feb 07, 2017, 21:47 ET Preview: Bancassurance Global Market Briefing 2017 Feb 07, 2017, 21:39 ET Preview: Game-changing Strategies of APAC Pharma Companies My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 09, 2017, 16:00 ETGlobal Medical Imaging Equipment Services Industry Feb 09, 2017, 15:59 ETGlobal Pianos Industry Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Banking & Financial Services Insurance Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Insurance Brokers Global Market Briefing 2017 News provided by ReportBuyer Feb 07, 2017, 21:44 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
RedEye Your weekend plans. Delivered. Suburbs Arlington Heights Chicago man found shot in parking lot of Wal-Mart in Palatine Person shot outside Wal-Mart in Palatine A 19-year-old Chicago man was found shot outside a Wal-Mart in northwest suburban Palatine on Tuesday night, police said. Feb. 7, 2017. (CBS Chicago) A 19-year-old Chicago man was found shot outside a Wal-Mart in northwest suburban Palatine on Tuesday night, police said. Feb. 7, 2017. (CBS Chicago) Elyssa Cherney and Megan CrepeauContact ReportersChicago Tribune A 19-year-old Chicago man was found shot outside a Wal-Mart Tuesday night in northwest suburban Palatine, police said. Police were called to the store at 1555 N. Rand Road just before 7:30 p.m. following a call about gunfire and found the victim in the parking lot with a single gunshot wound, according to police. The man was taken to Advocate Lutheran General Hospital in Park Ridge by Palatine Fire Department responders. Police said the man was conscious and able to provide information about the shooting to officers. Initial reports from witnesses indicated that "offenders" were possibly inside the store, but when officers searched the store they determined the offenders "were no longer on the scene," according to a news release from Palatine police. Palatine police said Wednesday afternoon that no one had been charged in connection with the incident. They had no additional comment. A Wal-Mart company spokesman said Wednesday morning that the store remained open in the wake of the shooting. He said the company was assisting with the investigation and referred other questions about the shooting to Palatine police. The store first opened in Palatine in August 2004, he said. Suburban Chicago arrest photosOpen link Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to call Palatine police investigators at (847) 359-9000. Freelance reporter Elizabeth Owens-Schiele contributed. Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Crime Shootings Palatine Police-involved fatal shooting Sexual assault survivors and their supporters demonstrate at Northwestern Mexican mayors visiting Chicago send defiant message to Trump Sports Breaking Trending RedEye Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 38°
Florida man wanted in 4 killings is dead; companion arrested - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Black History Month Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News Black History Month CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer Black History Month School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Florida man wanted in 4 killings is dead; companion arrested Posted: Tuesday, February 7, 2017 11:23 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, February 7, 2017 10:52 PM EST Authorities are searching for an armed man and woman wanted in three slayings and a separate shooting over the past week in southern Alabama and the Florida panhandle. William "Billy" Boyette and Mary Rice are considered armed and dangerous, police said. By Eric Levenson, AnneClaire Stapleton and Steve Almasy CNN (CNN) -- A Florida man suspected of being involved in four killings is dead and his female alleged accomplice was taken into custody, the Troup County Sheriff's Office in Georgia said Tuesday. Sgt. Stewart Smith said William "Billy" Boyette Jr., 44, died of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound inside the West Point Motel near the border with Alabama. His companion, Mary Barbara Craig Rice, was taken into custody. Smith told CNN affiliate WTVM that after an hourslong standoff, Rice, 37, came out of the motel room and was arrested by member of the county's SWAT unit. Moments later, there was a gunshot inside the motel room. The Columbus, Georgia, station reported the couple checked into the motel on Monday night and on Tuesday someone spotted a car they had allegedly stolen. The pair was wanted in four slayings over the past week in southern Alabama and the Florida Panhandle. Sheriff Bob Johnson of Santa Rosa County in Florida told HLN's "Primetime Justice with Ashleigh Banfield" that Rice was an accomplice to the two killings in his county. "We are 100% sure she was a willing participant," he said. Rice was recorded on a Walmart surveillance camera, shopping by herself, buying bullets, he said. She will be charged as an accessory after the fact to capital murder, he said. Killing spree Boyette was a suspect in the killings of two women in Northwest Florida last Tuesday, as well as the fatal shooting of another woman in Alabama on Friday, the Escambia County Sheriff's Office in Florida said. It, too, said Boyette was dead. The pair was wanted on murder and robbery charges in the killing of Peggy Broz, 52, Friday morning at her home in Lillian, Alabama, according to the Baldwin County Sheriff's Office. Authorities say they stole Broz's car. The pair is believed to be behind the fatal shooting of Kayla Crocker, 28, during a home invasion in suburban Pensacola on Monday morning. She died Tuesday evening, said Maj. Andrew Hobbs of the Escambia County Sheriff's Office. Law enforcement said Crocker was randomly targeted about 6:30 a.m. Monday by the suspects. Her 2-year-old son was present and was unharmed, police said. Boyette and Rice allegedly stole Crocker's vehicle and drove to a gas station and then to a Hardee's for breakfast, WEAR reported. The investigation began January 31, when Boyette was named as a suspect in the killings of Alicia Greer, 30, and Jacqueline Moore, 39. The two women were found shot to death in a motel room in Milton, Florida, police said. Greer and Boyette had started dating several months ago, her parents Wayne and Kim Lane told CNN affiliate WALA. Her mother described Greer as "goofy" and "bubbly" and said she would do anything for anybody, according to WALA. Rice was wanted for capital murder in Alabama, where Broz was killed, the Baldwin County Sheriff's Office said on Facebook. If convicted, she could face the death penalty. Boyette had an extensive criminal history, including accusations of aggravated battery and domestic violence, the Santa Rosa County Sheriff's Office said. CNN's Lauren Leslie and Jamiel Lynch contributed to this report. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Crime updated: 2/8/2017 1:17 PM Police respond to report of shots fired at Palatine shopping center Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Video: Shots fired- Palatine Walmart Witnesses say Palatine police on Tuesday took three men near the jewelry counter at the Palatine Walmart out of the store in handcuffs. courtesy of Kimberly Spears   Palatine police respond to a call Tuesday at the Walmart at 1555 N. Rand Road in Palatine. Joe Lewnard | Staff Photographer   A Palatine police officer Tuesday stands outside the Walmart at 1555 N. Rand Road in Palatine. Joe Lewnard | Staff Photographer   Authorities investigate the scene Tuesday at Walmart on the 1500 block of North Rand Road in Palatine. Jake Griffin | Staff Photographer   Jake Griffin Follow @DHJakeGriffin   and Katie Smith Daily Herald Staff Writers   Police responding to reports of shots fired at a Palatine Walmart found one person bleeding outside the store and took several others by the jewelry counter out in handcuffs, witnesses said. Police believe no shots were fired at the store. related advertisement   The victim, a 19-year-old from Chicago, was found conscious with one gunshot wound, according to a news release. He is being treated at Advocate Lutheran General Hospital, where an update on his condition was not immediately available. Witnesses originally told police the offenders were possibly inside the Walmart; however, a search of the store determined the shooter was no longer there. Police declined to comment whether any suspects have been arrested. Officers responded to the call about 7:30 p.m. at the store at 1555 N. Rand Road. Although police originally reported investigating gunshots in the store, they now believe shots were fired elsewhere and the activity ended in the Walmart parking lot, authorities said. Shopper Kimberly Spears was inside the Walmart with her two young sons, standing next to three young men at the jewelry counter. "They were all huddled together," she said of the three men. Then six or seven police officers came in with guns drawn and ordered the men to get on the ground, which they did. Police handcuffed them and removed them from the store, she said. Other people coming into the store told her a man who was bleeding was sitting outside the store, she said. Meanwhile, the north entrance to the store remained open for shoppers while the south entrance was closed and blocked off with crime scene tape. A bloody shirt and some blood were on the sidewalk in front of the store entrance. Walmart employees declined to comment on the investigation but said "everything is safe" and the store would remain open for regular business hours. Spears, of Palatine, said she was shocked and doesn't know how she's going to explain what happened to her sons. "We live right here. We shop here all the time. Nothing like that has ever happened," she said. As authorities continue to interview witnesses, they have asked anyone with information to contact the Palatine Police Department at (847) 359-9000. Tweet This article filed under: News Palatine Crime Featured Video Video Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Home Weather 71° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Search for suspect who used cloned credit cards in Porter KHOU.com , KHOU 8:04 PM. CST February 07, 2017 The Montgomery County Sheriff's Office is looking for a man accused of using cloned credit cards at two banks in Porter.  CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST PORTER, Texas- The Montgomery County Sheriff's Office is looking for a man accused of using cloned credit cards at two banks in Porter.  According to the sheriff's office, the suspect used multiple cloned credit cards at the Woodforest National Bank inside the Walmart in Porter on Jan. 6.  After leaving Woodforest, the suspect then used the cards at the First Convenience Bank inside the Kroger in Porter.  The suspect was last seen driving a black mid-sized sedan, possibly a Nissan.    The sheriff's office is seeking the public's help in finding the suspect. If you know anything, please contact them at (936) 760-5800. If you would like to be anonymous, please contact Crime Stoppers at (800)-392-7867.    (© 2017 KHOU) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Mom does police work after teen son found dead FM 1960 motorcycle crash White House plan to return to moon by 2020 Mom describes 'terror' with child at drive-thru window Overnight chase on N. Freeway caught on camera NEW BILL COULD CHANGE DIVORCE IN TEXAS Sheriff Champagne press conference on explosion at pipeline Appeals court refuses to reinstate travel ban Local coach sues school over equal pay Teen found dead behind church school More Stories Houston's homeless plan promised: Where is it? Feb 10, 2017, 10:49 p.m. Texas EquuSearch looking for missing 17-year-old… Feb 10, 2017, 7:24 p.m. Texas lawmakers push for lower speed limits Feb 10, 2017, 5:48 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Lawmaker proposes putting photo on EBT to deter trafficking, the - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Black History Month 2016 Heart headlines My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Our local commitment WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Lawmaker proposes putting photo on EBT to deter trafficking, theft 2017-02-08T00:33:18Z2017-02-08T00:48:37Z Reported by Hayley Mason Email Connect hayley.masonWSMV@wsmv.com Follow @WSMVHayleyMason (WSMV file photo) NASHVILLE, TN (WSMV) - For those who need help paying for food and groceries, Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) benefits using Electronic Benefit Transfer (EBT) cards can help. But state Sen. Jim Tracy, R-Shelbyville, is concerned too many people using the program may be committing EBT card trafficking, meaning they are illegally selling cards for money. "My son was a student in a college here in Tennessee. He went to Walmart one day and was telling me there were people out there selling their EBT cards," Tracy said. "I started doing a little research and they're doing that really all across the state, and they sell them for cash." Tracy has proposed a bill that would require photos to be added to the EBT card to prove it actually belongs to them. He hopes it would eliminate cards being sold and purchased for cash. The USDA calls the illegal practice of selling the cards trafficking. "That's not what the EBT card is designed to do," Tracy said. "It's designed to help families that need the help and the integrity of the system I thought was in jeopardy.” Only one card is issued per family, and others in the home often use the card to buy groceries using a PIN. Tracy said they can still do that under his bill. It is not completely clear how retailers would monitor who the cards belong to or how they would act on suspected fraud. "It's up to the retailer," Tracy said. "I will encourage the Department of Human Services to investigate if we get complaints in areas where they are not.” A Tennessee Department of Human Services reports indicates that card trafficking has been on the decline after the department put extra monitoring in place. In 2012, DHS launched the Excessive Replacement Monitoring program to track how many times people were requesting replacement cards. If users ask for four replacements within a year, their account will be monitored. If a recipient asked for a fifth replacement, they will be suspected of card trafficking and referred for investigation. The DHS website notes that from the 2015 to 2016 fiscal period, there was a 40 percent decrease in multiple card replacement requests in 2015, an indication fewer cards were being trafficked. Tracy said he does not anticipate this bill costing the state much money. He thinks it will help recover money. He said he is still working the numbers out. The last time the state looked into the cost of adding photos to EBT cards, their study estimated a cost range between $1.4 million to $4.4 million. Copyright 2017 WSMV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Jailers afraid for their lives inside 201 Poplar Jailers afraid for their lives inside 201 Poplar Updated: Saturday, February 11 2017 12:04 AM EST2017-02-11 05:04:06 GMT Shelby County jail (Source: WMC Action News 5) Dozens of complaints show that jailers fear fear for their lives inside 201 Poplar. More >> Dozens of complaints show that jailers fear fear for their lives inside 201 Poplar.More >> Millennials buying less lottery tickets Millennials buying less lottery tickets Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 11:34 PM EST2017-02-11 04:34:22 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5 archives) It looks like Millennials are less interested in buying lottery tickets.More >> It looks like Millennials are less interested in buying lottery tickets.More >> breaking Witnesses rush to the side of people trapped inside burning car Witnesses rush to the side of people trapped inside burning car Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 11:22 PM EST2017-02-11 04:22:22 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) A car caught on fire after crashing at Walnut Grove and Timber Creek just before 10 p.m. Friday night. More >> A car caught on fire after crashing at Walnut Grove and Timber Creek just before 10 p.m. Friday night.More >> Sudan immigrant among 31 new MPD officers hitting the streets Sudan immigrant among 31 new MPD officers hitting the streets Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 10:56 PM EST2017-02-11 03:56:17 GMT John Liom (right) pictured with MPD Director Mike Rallings (left) during graduation (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) The Memphis Police Association billboards were the center of controversy this week between the MPA and Memphis mayor.More >> The Memphis Police Association billboards were the center of controversy this week between the MPA and Memphis mayor.More >> breaking Overturned car, 2 vehicle crash impacts Germantown traffic Overturned car, 2 vehicle crash impacts Germantown traffic Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 10:53 PM EST2017-02-11 03:53:00 GMT (SOURCE: submitted) Germantown police responded to a two car crash at Germantown Parkway and Wolf River just after 9:30 p.m. Friday.  More >> Germantown police responded to a two car crash at Germantown Parkway and Wolf River just after 9:30 p.m. Friday. More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Woman gives birth on jail floor; Sheriff on defense Woman gives birth on jail floor; Sheriff on defense Posted: Friday, February 10 2017 6:14 AM EST2017-02-10 11:14:06 GMT Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 6:26 AM EST2017-02-10 11:26:18 GMT A video shows Jessica Preston being sent back to her cell three times after telling staff she was having her baby. The baby was born a month early, weighing less than 5 lbs. More >> A video shows Jessica Preston being sent back to her cell three times after telling staff she was having her baby. The baby was born a month early, weighing less than 5 lbs.More >> UPDATE: 1 suspect ruled out, 3 NC suspects still at-large following trooper-involved shooting UPDATE: 1 suspect ruled out, 3 NC suspects still at-large following trooper-involved shooting Updated: Saturday, February 11 2017 2:09 AM EST2017-02-11 07:09:52 GMT (Source: WISTV) One suspect has been apprehended while authorities continue to search for three other suspects involved in a trooper-involved shooting in Richland County Friday night.  More >> One suspect has been apprehended while authorities continue to search for three other suspects involved in a trooper-involved shooting in Richland County Friday night. More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Workday touts Amazon as latest customer win The deal comes just weeks after Workday landed a massive Walmart contract. By Natalie Gagliordi | February 7, 2017 -- 15:22 GMT (07:22 PST) | Topic: Enterprise Software Robert Chen Workday is touting another big customer win to go along with the massive Walmart contract announced a few weeks ago. Cloud TV These business leaders are embracing cloud services See how the cloud is disrupting traditional operating models for IT departments and entire organizations. Read More The human resource SaaS provider says it has inked a deal with Amazon that will have the ecommerce giant will using Workday's HCM and payroll products. The contract was signed in October 2016 and no financial details were disclosed. "The addition of Amazon to our customer community underscores the preference global market leaders have for Workday, because they trust our system to deliver the workforce insights required to drive strategic decisions and global growth," said Workday co-president Phil Wilmington. The Amazon contract is not the first time these two companies have crossed paths. In November, Workday said it had chosen Amazon Web Services as its preferred provider for public cloud customer workloads. Amazon has roughly 300,000 employees and presumably another 100,000 that will be added over the next year. Amazon foe Walmart has more than 2 million employees and is considered the world's largest private employer. Based on that employee count, the Walmart deal could be worth $100 million to $200 million in annual revenue for Workday. READ MORE: Workday Q3 beats estimates Workday eyes expansion via Workday Planning, Learning, Student Microsoft, Workday to integrate Office 365 and Workday finance, HR apps Workday grabs mid-market momentum, aims to gain amid Oracle-NetSuite merger Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Enterprise Software Linux flagship Munich's U-turn: Install Windows 10 everywhere by end of 2020 Cloud Google: 'Sorry for wide-scope outage but canary testing brought our cloud down' Windows 10 FAQ: How to install, reinstall, upgrade and activate Windows 10 Collaboration TouchCast bets live video streaming is your next enterprise collaboration hotbed × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
MENU Reason.com Free Minds & Free Markets TRENDING TOPICS CLOSE Donald Trump Immigration Asset Forfeiture School Choice Supreme Court Freedom of Speech Torture Marijuana Police College PC Russia Gun Control Terrorism Libertarian Party Hillary Clinton MENU CLOSE Home ReasonTV Hit & Run Digital/Print Magazine Subscribe GET REASON MAGAZINE Get Reason's print or digital edition before it’s posted online Subscribe to Reason Digital Subscribe to Reason’s Print Edition Give a Gift Subscription Donate Shop Shop Amazon and Support Reason Shop Reason Swag Shop Amazon and Support Reason Shop Reason Swag Font Size + Font Size - submit Donald Trump Immigration Asset Forfeiture School Choice Supreme Court Freedom of Speech More Torture Marijuana Police College PC Russia Gun Control Terrorism Libertarian Party Hillary Clinton More HIT & RUN BLOG Finally, the Queer Eye Reboot You've All Been Waiting for, Feat. Mike Rowe, Greg Gutfeld, and... and, yes, Reason's own Nick Gillespie, in "From Millennial To Man." Nick Gillespie|Feb. 7, 2017 4:10 pm Over at Medium, memoirist, columnist, and podcaster Lisa De Pasquale offers up a libertarian-conservative version of a threatened reboot of the fun old series Queer Eye for the Straight Guy (the show ran from 2003 to 2007, back in a simpler America when Carson wasn't simply a generic name for a mediocre pro-football quarterback). According to its producers, the new Queer Eye is going to fan out into red-state America and, presumably, enlighten men unironically shopping for food and clothes at Walmart, Meijer, and Target (no longer cool like it once way). De Pasquale counters with: I would love to see a reality show that improves men's lives and skills, especially for the millennials who seem to be struggling with "adulting." Sure there are some straight guys who might need some polishing, but let's be honest: there are also some guys who could use a little roughing up, too. Here are my ideas for a new reality show called "From Millennial to Man." These experts can turn Pajama Boy into a productive member of society. Among the experts she selects are Mike Rowe, Greg Gutfeld, Chris Barron, Terry Schappert, Cam Edwards, Tyrus, and yours truly: I think "Queer Eye" cohost Carson Kressley, who was just terminated on "The Celebrity Apprentice," would agree that having a personal style is more important than following trends. You'll never see Reason.tv and libertarian writer Nick Gillespie wearing skinny jeans, but you will see him in his trademark black leather jacket and blacker coif. After all, branding is just as important as style. Gillespie can also provide some inspiration on decorating. Forget setting the mood with wine and music. Nothing is more seductive than a man who actually has art on his walls. Read the whole thing here. Here's the interview Reason did with De Pasquale in 2014, when her excellent, funny, and deeply disturbing memoir Finding Mr. Righteous came out: Nick Gillespie is the editor in chief of Reason.com and Reason TV and the co-author, with Matt Welch, of The Declaration of Independents: How Libertarian Politics Can Fix What's Wrong With America (2011/2012). He is also a columnist for The Daily Beast. Follow Nick Gillespie on Twitter Find Nick Gillespie on Google+ Media Contact Reprint Requests EMAIL SHARE Facebook Twitter Tumblr StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Reddit Google Linkedin Kindle PRINT VIEW COMMENTS (53) | LEAVE A COMMENT Editor's Note: We invite comments and request that they be civil and on-topic. We do not moderate or assume any responsibility for comments, which are owned by the readers who post them. Comments do not represent the views of Reason.com or Reason Foundation. We reserve the right to delete any comment for any reason at any time. Report abuses. Pan Zagloba|2.7.17 @ 4:16PM|# You got me with that title, I thought it was a real thing and my heart soared. Now I'll be sad for the rest of the day. Dammit, that would have been so good. But no, we can't have nice things in Trump's America! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |2.7.17 @ 5:06PM|# Godammit, I'm the same. I was so hyped for a show with Mike Rowe and Nick Gillespie. And Greg too. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Cynical Asshole|2.7.17 @ 5:09PM|# In Trump's America, nice things have you! Same here though, that show sounds like it would be pretty awesome. If nothing else watching the snowflakes break down in tears while Nick verbally berates them for not being able to change a tire or something would be endlessly entertaining. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply UnCivilServant|2.7.17 @ 7:16PM|# It's not real? :( reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |2.7.17 @ 4:16PM|# So she's the aunt from Ray Bradbury's The Playground? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Crusty Juggler - #2|2.7.17 @ 4:18PM|# This one's beneath me. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Crusty Juggler - #2|2.7.17 @ 4:18PM|# It's the Winston's mom of blog posts, is what I mean. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hugh Akston|2.7.17 @ 4:19PM|# So it's going to be full of dudes and covered in shit pretty soon? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Cynical Asshole|2.7.17 @ 5:10PM|# Just like every comment thread at H&R. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |2.7.17 @ 4:21PM|# "Shared by everyone?" Nick said hopefully reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |2.7.17 @ 4:26PM|# A lot of fun but you feel really embarrassed about it afterwards? And you should probably see a doctor? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Col. Chestbridge|2.7.17 @ 4:27PM|# I sharply exhaled air from my beak. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Libertarian|2.7.17 @ 4:19PM|# So Nick to going to help change Pajama Boy and other hipsters into men? I'm not sure that the link showing his dolls (oops, I mean "action figures") is the best way to get a buzz for such a show. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|2.7.17 @ 4:20PM|# "How to Grow Up = from a man who has worn the same black t-shirt and leather jacket for the last 25+ years" reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John|2.7.17 @ 4:21PM|# I would watch a reality show where normal men turn pajama boys into actual adults, but only if Robby Soave were the first subject. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|2.7.17 @ 4:23PM|# What is this I can't even reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Scarecrow Repair & Chippering|2.7.17 @ 4:24PM|# Look like we have a first candidate! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply juris imprudent|2.7.17 @ 4:27PM|# No R. Lee Ermey? Unforgivable omission. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Dr. Fronkensteen|2.7.17 @ 4:36PM|# +1 Let's just chug on over to mamby pamby land where MAYBE we can find you some self confidence ya Jackwagon. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hugh Akston|2.7.17 @ 4:39PM|# If you're going to include an effete Hollywood actor type, you'd bet better off with Harrison Ford, who in addition to being a general onscreen badass is also a pilot and a carpenter. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |2.7.17 @ 4:51PM|# I'd even put Kurt Russell and Clint Eastwood higher on that list. If not for actual outside-of-acting skill, then at least for both greater name recognition (than Ermey) *and* greater libertarian(ish) bona fides. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply loveconstitution1789|2.7.17 @ 4:47PM|# Definitely have the common courtesy to give R. Lee Ermey a reach around or you will never hear the end of it. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Crusty Juggler - #2|2.7.17 @ 4:29PM|# Nothing is more seductive than a man who actually has art on his walls. Yeah, a fifty-year-old man who takes pictures of his figurines is most surely a panty dropper. We should have fun with this for the next underwhelming webathon. Donations should be based upon the number of pushups Gillespie can do in row. My guess: he can't crack a baker's dozen. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply commodious rebrands|2.7.17 @ 4:39PM|# I hope the ladies are content with prints, 'cuz I'm not paying gallery prices for some part-time batista's hobby. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Heroic Mulatto|2.7.17 @ 4:46PM|# for some part-time batista's hobby I agree. If someone is going to be a Cuban dictator, he or she should devote all available time to it. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Pan Zagloba|2.7.17 @ 4:48PM|# El Presidente - it's for life! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hugh Akston|2.7.17 @ 4:54PM|# But only 20 hours a week! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Episteme|2.7.17 @ 5:52PM|# Do what I do: get affordable prints and then buy sets of matching frames (the sort that are on sale at AC Moore or such) for each room to set them in. I have a bunch of antique map prints in my living room, a set of Albrecht Dürer woodcut prints in my bedroom, and a number of classic whisky ads (from old magazines) collaged and framed in my dining room. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Diane Reynolds (Paul.)|2.7.17 @ 6:06PM|# Where's the Farrah Fawcett poster? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Krabappel|2.7.17 @ 5:17PM|# My walls are like my soul, barren and gray. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |2.7.17 @ 4:33PM|# I fell embarassed for Mike Rowe. Not that he's being asked to shoulder an unfair share of the burden, I know he can take that, but that he's been signed up for a show that's a decided step down from standing knee-deep in shit and two steps down from selling Ford trucks. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Scarecrow Repair & Chippering|2.7.17 @ 4:44PM|# +1 dirty job reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |2.7.17 @ 4:57PM|# It would be a hilarious to see him blow his lid in this role as both an indictment of snowflakes and a parody of Queer Eye/Reality Contest TV. "Safety. third. you. pussilanimous. asshat! You know what? Fuck it. I can't work under these conditions. What? No, screw my contractual obligations to the studio I can't do anything for these spineless jellyfishes. Where the hell is Freddy? We're leaving." Then replace him with Wayne Brady. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Cynical Asshole|2.7.17 @ 5:17PM|# Especially if it's gangsta Wayne Brady. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Cynical Asshole|2.7.17 @ 5:18PM|# Couldn't find the real video on youtube. Comedy Central probably had them all taken down, but you get the gist. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply loveconstitution1789|2.7.17 @ 4:44PM|# Two thumbs DOWN! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply EscherEnigma|2.7.17 @ 5:00PM|# Because nothing says "funny" like mocking Millenials again. Seriously old folks, right when we were coming of age you guys tanked the housing market, dropped the country into a recession, threw employment numbers into a free fall exercise, and then to top it off, because you screwed your own retirement savings you didn't retire, thus making sure that were even fewer jobs for the young guys. Then you have the audacity to complain that we didn't buy cars and houses or squat out kids like you did? Heck, even the "participation trophies" you like to mock so much? That's on you. We were literally incapable of doing that to ourselves. So sure, laugh at Millenials. But if you think about it, you're only laughing at your own piss-poor parenting skills, you colossal fuck-ups. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Zeb|2.7.17 @ 5:07PM|# I fall between the millennial generation and their parents. So I get to mock everyone. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Cynical Asshole|2.7.17 @ 5:19PM|# Gen-X, FTW! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply BigT|2.7.17 @ 5:35PM|# Seriously old folks, right when we were coming of age you guys tanked the housing market, dropped the country into a recession, threw employment numbers into a free fall exercise, and then to top it off, because you screwed your own retirement savings you didn't retire, thus making sure that were even fewer jobs for the young guys. And we will continue to fuck you over until we're pushing up daisies. Now, GET OFF MY LAWN!! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Voros McCracken|2.7.17 @ 6:01PM|# As a Gen Xer, +1,000,000 reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Diane Reynolds (Paul.)|2.7.17 @ 6:09PM|# Heck, even the "participation trophies" you like to mock so much? That's on you. We were literally incapable of doing that to ourselves. The important thing is we admit it was done... and now let's try to correct it. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Cynical Asshole|2.7.17 @ 5:06PM|# These experts can turn Pajama Boy into a productive member of society. I don't think that's possible. Some people are too far gone to help. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.7.17 @ 5:14PM|# *Looks at Gillespie picture* I NEED AN ADULT. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply BigT|2.7.17 @ 5:33PM|# You'll never see Reason.tv and libertarian writer Nick Gillespie wearing skinny jeans, but you will see him in his trademark black leather jacket and blacker coif. Is he or isn't he? (coloring his hair) reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Episteme|2.7.17 @ 5:53PM|# This whole idea sounds like an ad for The Art of Manliness. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.7.17 @ 5:58PM|# I will only support this idea if Robby Soave is the first one they fix. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Diane Reynolds (Paul.)|2.7.17 @ 6:14PM|# Heck, even the "participation trophies" you like to mock so much? That's on you. We were literally incapable of doing that to ourselves. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Diane Reynolds (Paul.)|2.7.17 @ 6:33PM|# Wow, there are some pimp squirrels working this thread. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply MythicalLibertarianWoman|2.7.17 @ 7:01PM|# When I was in third grade or so, I was on the swim team. I sucked really hard and came in last in everything, but they gave me a participation trophy at the end of the season. When my dad saw it, he blew his stack and yelled that I didn't deserve it because I hadn't done anything. So while other millennials may have felt an overinflated sense of pride over their non-accomplishments, I still to this day feel an overinflated sense of shame. #NotAllMillennials reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.7.17 @ 7:13PM|# I still to this day feel an overinflated sense of shame I didn't know there were any Japanese libertarians. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply LarryA|2.7.17 @ 9:14PM|# Back when the original Queer Eye was running I would gladly have volunteered for a makeover, just so I could tell the fashionistas that any clothes they selected had to conceal my handgun. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ecoli|2.8.17 @ 9:35AM|# "...had to conceal my handgun." These euphemisms. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Leave a Comment * COMMENT: You must have an account and be logged in to comment. Click here to register, or here to login if you already have an account * COMMENT: Europe vs. Trump Ed Krayewski | 02.07.2017 HIT & RUN HOME Betsy DeVos Ekes It Out,… Robby Soave | 02.07.2017 VIEW HIT & RUN ARCHIVES TOP STORIES Hundreds Apprehended in More than a Half-Dozen U.S. Cities in Immigration Law Crackdown 2.10.17 9:53 pm Why the 9th Circuit Refused to Reinstate Trump's Travel Ban 2.10.17 8:00 am Orwell’s Nineteen Eighty-Four Describes the Authoritarian Left Better Than It Does Trump 2.10.17 10:30 am High Population Density Just Might Be Good for You 2.10.17 1:30 pm MOST VISITED Why Do We Have a Department of Education? Jimmy Carter's Debt to a Teachers Union. Anthony Fisher | 2.07.17 1:15 pm Trump Does Not Know What Civil Forfeiture Is, but He Likes It Jacob Sullum | 2.09.17 8:00 am Betsy DeVos Confirmed as Education Secretary: Enjoy the Delicious Tears of Teachers Unions Robby Soave | 2.07.17 3:15 pm Cops Mistake Dad for Kidnapper, Hold Him at Gunpoint Because They've Never Seen a Tesla Lenore Skenazy | 2.08.17 8:35 am Your Government at Work: Trying to Prosecute Restaurateur for Tweeting Photo of Underage Kids Who Tried to Buy Beer [UPDATE: Acquittal!] Brian Doherty | 2.07.17 10:10 pm GET REASON MAGAZINE Get Reason's print or digital edition before it’s posted online Subscribe to Reason Digital Subscribe to Reason’s Print Edition Give a Gift Subscription REASONTV: FEATURED VIDEOS Flemming Rose Against the Worldwide Suppression of Speech Nick Gillespie Todd Krainin Santa Monica Evicts Airbnb: The War on Homesharing Zach Weissmueller Everything You Need To Know About Neil Gorsuch (Including Roe v. Wade) Nick Gillespie Mark McDaniel VIEW ALL » Obamacare 3 Things to Look for in 2017's Shouty Townhall Season Matt Welch Tom Price Confirmed as Secretary of Health and Human Services Ed Krayewski Trump’s Leaked Draft Proposal to Modify Obamacare May Be Illegal Peter Suderman Ferguson Ferguson Activist Darren Seals Found Shot and Dead in Burning Car in St. Louis Ed Krayewski Unaccountable Police Unions Endanger Minorities and Everyone Else Shikha Dalmia Watch Matt Welch Bash Workplace Drug Testing and Trump's Ferguson Affect on Red Eye Matt Welch Net Neutrality Donald Trump May Try To Stifle Freedom of Expression but His FCC Head Ajit Pai Will Defend a "Free and Open Internet" Nick Gillespie Hillary Clinton’s Tech Platform: Government Meddling for Some; Incentives and Deals for Others Scott Shackford Court Upholds the FCC’s Politically Driven Decision to Regulate the Internet Like a Utility Peter Suderman Iran Brickbat: Caught in a Hammerlock Charles Oliver U.S. Imposes New Sanctions on Iran After Putting Country ‘On Notice’ Over Missile Test Ed Krayewski Trump's Travel Ban Forces Elderly Green Card-Holder to Stay in Iraq. She Died the Next Day (Updated: Family Imam Says Story is a Lie, She Actually Died Before the Ban) Anthony L. Fisher ISIS Trump's 'Muslim Ban' Hurts the Fight Against ISIS, Say U.S. Diplomats in Iraq Anthony L. Fisher White House Site Relaunches with Trump’s Populist Policy Proposals Scott Shackford Is the Real Housewives of ISIS Skit Really Sparking a Controversy? Ed Krayewski Reason-Rupe Poll Poll: Americans Like Free Markets More than Capitalism and Socialism More Than a Govt Managed Economy Emily Ekins 35 Percent of Americans Want Pension Reform to be “Top Priority” for Govt Emily Ekins 78 Percent of Americans Say Voters Should Get to Vote on Govt Employee Benefit Increases Emily Ekins Staff Reviews The Realist Cartoons Jesse Walker The Best Books, Films, Music, and Television of 2016 Jesse Walker Christmas Horrors Jesse Walker Donate: Donate Online Donate via Fax or Mail Why Support Reason? Donation FAQ Stock Donations Planned Giving Shop to Support Reason Links: Home About Reason Foundation Cover Gallery Reason TV Events Advertise Staff Contributors Widgets Subscribe: Subscribe to the Print Magazine Reason Mobile Apps Apple Newsstand E-Reader Subscriptions Give Reason as a Gift Back Issues Subscription Services Email Newsletters Contact: News Tips Site Technology Questions Media Inquiries Reprint Permissions Submissions Editorial & Production Offices 5737 Mesmer Ave. Los Angeles, CA 90230 (310) 391-2245 Washington Office 1747 Connecticut Ave., NW Washington, DC 20009 (202) 986-0916 Home ReasonTV Hit & Run Magazine Subscribe Donate Advanced Search Advertise Contact ©2017 Reason Foundation.|reason.org |privacy policy|terms of use|
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round Energy In-depth: Wind power now largest renewable energy source, coal poised for small rebound Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers Professor: All politics is now national, leading to ‘confrontational politics’ Arkansas Press Association chief says Senate bill, other legislation looks to water down state FOIA rules DHS drafting plan to save costs, reduce disability waiting list Senate committee OK’s bill to allow gas utilities to recoup investment costs earlier Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion Fort Smith Homebuilders group announces job training program with Fort Smith Public Schools Four state business leaders to be enshrined in the Arkansas Business Hall of Fame Video / Podcasts Rep. Crawford contends Southerner as Ag Secretary will help Arkansas, offers glimpse of Obamacare unwind AG Rutledge: State, federal medical marijuana contradictions depend on federal prosecutors Simmons Bank CEO discusses growth environment, says Dodd-Frank could be altered not repealed Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Suppliers, retailers react as categories gravitate online The Supply Side: Wal-Mart to host suppliers for two-day growth summit Coach Bielema and his borderline neurotic year The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us House passes bill requiring Amazon to inform buyers they owe tax BusinessLatest NewsTalk Politics by Steve Brawner (BRAWNERSTEVE@MAC.COM) 3 days ago 384 views  Tags: Amazon Marketplace Fairness Act 0 SHARES Share Tweet Out-of-state sellers such as Amazon would be required to send notices to Arkansas consumers that they owe sales taxes under a bill passed by the Arkansas House of Representatives Tuesday. House Bill 1388 by Rep. Dan Douglas, R-Bentonville, would require retailers without a physical presence in Arkansas to notify purchasers at the time of purchase that sales taxes are due. Vendors would be liable for a penalty of $5 for each violation. The bill passed the House, 54-26, with six legislators voting present. It now goes to the Senate Committee on Revenue and Taxation. Under the bill, sellers who do not collect Arkansas sales or use taxes would be required to send purchasers a notice by electronic communication or first-class mail by Jan. 31 showing the amount of purchases made the previous year. It would include, if possible, the amount of each purchase and whether the purchase is tax exempt. Sellers would be required by March 1 to file an annual report of sales to each purchaser to the Department of Finance and Administration, including the purchaser’s name, amount paid, and shipping addresses. In arguing for his bill, Douglas said the measure merely facilitates the collection of an existing tax. The sales tax was created in 1941, while the use tax for out-of-state sellers was passed in 1949 after legislators realized Sears was selling products to Arkansans without charging a tax – similar to what is happening now with online sellers, he said. He said online sales are growing and that the state is losing $150 million in tax collections annually – $35 million from Amazon alone. Douglas, who represents Bentonville, corporate headquarters of Walmart, said the bill was needed to provide fairness to brick-and-mortar retailers who must add the sales tax to the price of their products while out-of-state sellers do not. If an Arkansan purchases a chainsaw chain at True Value or at the company’s website, they are charged a tax, he said. If they purchase one from Amazon, they do not. He said Arkansas is one of only six states where Amazon is not adding a sales tax, and that’s because Arkansas has not required it to do so. “It’s a fairness issue,” he said. “Main Street in Arkansas today is bleeding, and they are bleeding because they are at a disadvantage to the online retailers who have chosen to do business in this state.” He referenced efforts by U.S. Rep. Steve Womack, R-Ark., to pass the Marketplace Fairness Act empowering states to require online vendors to remit sales taxes. That bill has not been passed. Douglas’ bill is based on a Colorado law he said had been declared constitutional by the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals, with the Supreme Court refusing to hear the appeal. Another bill, Senate Bill 140 by Rep. Jake Files, R-Fort Smith, would require businesses with Internet sales of more than $100,000 a year or 200 transactions to remit sales and use taxes. That bill is based on a South Dakota law that has been challenged in court. It passed the Senate 23-9 Monday. In a press conference Tuesday, Gov. Asa Hutchinson said he is monitoring both bills. He said Douglas’ bill “makes some common sense” because it facilitates a current tax. He said Senate Bill 140 is “more complex.” He said that when he served in Congress in the 1990s, a movement to tax online sales nationally was resisted so the online marketplace could flourish. “We have today succeeded in that objective,” he said. “And so now the focus returns to more fairness in our tax code and in the collection of taxes, and I think that’s what both of these bills are designed for, and I support that fairness.” Douglas said current laws are allowing taxpayers to evade paying taxes, a Class C felony, which drew a rebuke from Rep. Kim Hendren, R-Gravette, who voted against the bill. Hendren asked why the system should be made fairer by increasing tax collections rather than raising them and said the change should be considered in the context of overall tax reform. He said he recently had been stopped by a police officer for speeding but not given a ticket. Should he pay the amount to the state voluntarily? he asked. “How can I vote for this when I don’t practice what I preach?” he asked. Rep. Bob Ballinger, R-Hindsville, said he was voting against the bill because Arkansas taxpayers have a higher tax burden than taxpayers in many other states. “When you put this on their back, they are going to feel it,” he said. But Rep. Jack Fortner, R-Yellville, said a local hardware store owner had asked him to vote for the bill by saying that, when someone needs basic supplies on a Saturday morning, they’re not going to want to order it online, but an online retailer can sell a tool cheaper than he can because it doesn’t have to add the tax. In other business, the House passed House Bill 1144, by Rep. Mark McElroy, D-Tillar, which would allow automated cameras on school buses that will photograph drivers and their license plates if they pass a stopped school bus with its stop sign out and lights flashing. The photographs could be used in court. McElroy, who said he drove a school bus for four years, said it’s difficult to catch or prove a driver has illegally passed a school bus. The bill passed 88-1. The House also voted 27-53 against House Bill 1280 by Rep. Mark Magie, D-Conway, which would prohibit the use of tanning beds by minors. Magie, a physician, said tanning is a carcinogen that contributes to melanoma. He read a letter from Erin Wheatley Parker, Miss Arkansas 1998, who said she used tanning beds while competing and since has had melanoma removed. Comments comments Previous post Rep. Hill looks to encourage broker-dealers to publish research on exchange traded funds Next post House panel rejects bill to redirect spending to community care for state’s disabled population Newsletter Sign up to get latest from TB&P in your inbox! Talk Business & Politics Newsletter Sign Up Subscribe Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Nate Steel It’s time to end Dodd-Frank’s hit on community banks Frank D. Scott, Jr. Black leaders making a difference in business, their communities Barbara Taylor How to find a silver lining in a tarnished industry Tim Leathers Task force could help overhaul Arkansas’ tax code Boyd Evert A New Year’s resolution for Walmart Latest Popular Amazon to tax Arkansas online sales, could add more than $100 million to state budget coffers 11 hours ago Professor: All politics is now national, leading to ‘confrontational politics’ 12 hours ago Startups to Watch: WattGlass closes Series A funding round 14 hours ago Energy In-depth: Wind power now largest renewable energy source, coal poised for small rebound 20 hours ago Mercy Northwest Arkansas president discusses healthcare costs, updates local expansion 1 day ago Fayetteville restaurant Stone Mill to open second location in Bentonville 1,684 views Report: Aldi is the ‘clear price leader’ compared to Wal-Mart 1,197 views The Supply Side: Wal-Mart to host suppliers for two-day growth summit 1,175 views Gaining Traction: Five startup industries to watch in 2017 1,114 views Fort Smith Board of Directors places RITA on notice, terminates River Valley Sports Complex 966 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Lethal Injection Dakota Pipeline Protests TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business Feb 3 2017, 12:38 pm ET Trump Met with CEOs of America’s Largest Companies to Push Pro-Jobs Agenda by Lucy Bayly President Donald Trump delivers opening remarks at the beginning of a policy forum with, from left, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Blackstone Group Chairman and CEO Stephen Schwarzman, General Motors CEO Mary Barra and other business leaders in the State Dining Room at the White House on Feb. 3. Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement President Donald Trump convened with the heads of some of America's largest corporations on Friday at the White House for a meeting intended to make good on the administration's pledge to reduce regulation, promote women in the workplace, and cut taxes. Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2017 Jack Welch, former CEO of General Electric, told CNBC it had been a "fabulous meeting" and said the president "engaged forcefully" on every topic. Steve Schwarzman, CEO of private equity firm Blackstone and chairman of the council that arranged Friday's meeting, said the session had been "spirited intellectually" and that the members had had a "balanced discussion" about "taxes, trade, infrastructure, women's issues, education, and how to bring home jobs in terms of training people in technology." Other attendees at Friday's business huddle included members of Trump's economic advisory council, such as JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon, Walt Disney's Bob Iger, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon, and Mary Barra of General Motors. The meeting also included First Daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner, senior adviser to the president; as well as Vice President Mike Pence and White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon. One notable absentee was Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, who resigned from his spot on the president's council Thursday amid fierce backlash from customers furious at Kalanick's seeming connection to Trump's controversial immigration ban that limits travel to America from seven predominantly Muslim countries. Kalanick said Thursday that his participation on Trump's council was not meant to be construed as any endorsement of Trump's policies. However, billionaire inventor and environmentalist Elon Musk, also heavily criticized for his position on the board due to seemingly contradictory stances with Trump, has not shied away from his role. In contrast to Kalanick, Musk tweeted a message on Thursday explaining that he was remaining on the board in order to "serve the greater good." Regarding the meeting at the White House: pic.twitter.com/8b1XH4oW6h— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 3, 2017 Corporate America is struggling to please an increasing divide: Customers and investors who oppose Trump's hard-line policies, and those who applaud his strong-arm techniques. And many business leaders on the president's council are stuck between a rock and a hard place as they seek to advise — or at least appease — the president while remaining firm on their own values and satisfying those of their client base. Related: Many CEOs 'Scared Out of Their Minds', Won't Speak Out Against Trump Trump has already called out several major companies via Twitter, including General Motors, L.L. Bean, and Ford. In December, he tweeted, "Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" Following his tweet, Boeing stocks slid by more than 1 percent in premarket trade. Lucy Bayly Email Topics Business News, Politics News First Published Feb 3 2017, 12:38 pm ET Next Story Top Fed Regulator to Resign in April, Setting Stage for Trump Shakeup advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
&lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; close &lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; close SEARCH THE SITE | CONTACT US Weather: Pasadena | Now: 58°F | High: 64°F | Low: 49°F | 5-Day Forecast NEWS ENTERTAINMENT & EVENTS COMMUNITY SCHOOLS ARTS & CULTURE MENU NEWS back NEWS NOW THE LATEST CRIME GOVERNMENT EDUCATION BUSINESS SPORTS OPINION ENTERTAINMENT & EVENTS back EVENTS PREVIEWS NIGHTLIFE DINING COMMUNITY back COMMUNITY NEWS EDUCATION GOVERNMENT GIVING BACK GATHERING PEOPLE FAITH SCHOOLS back FEATURES SCHOOL NEWS SCHOOL EVENTS SPORTS COMMUNITY SERVICE ACADEMICS THE ARTS FOCUS ON LEARNING ARTS & CULTURE back MUSIC THEATRE VISUAL ARTS DANCE HISTORY SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY DESIGN LITERARY ARTS PASADENA LIVING back SHOPPING & SALES BEAUTY HEALTH FASHION & STYLE IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU REAL ESTATE AT HOME IN THE GARDEN FOOD & DRINK FOOD & DRINK EXTRAS back NEWS AROUND TOWN CITY SPORTS SCHOOLS TRAVEL CARS PHOTOGALLERIES Pasadena Pretzel Innovator Expects Further Expansion in 2017 From STAFF REPORTS Published : Tuesday, February 7, 2017 | 2:42 PM Wetzel’s Pretzels, an innovator in fresh-baked pretzels with headquarters in Pasadena, said Tuesday it expects to have over 320 locations worldwide by the end of the year, ensuring a robust 2017 expansion. The international chain, with more than 300 locations now open, announced the highlights and financial results for its fiscal year 2016 and the outlook for 2017, saying it has achieved a 4.4 percent increase in comparable same-store sales. The 2016 fourth quarter also marked the 12th straight consecutive quarter it recorded same-store sales growth. 2016 also saw continued non-traditional unit growth for the company, including the opening of Wetzel’s locations at multiple Walmart locations, and in Manhattan’s Fulton Center, with daily foot traffic exceeding 300,000. The company opened 23 units, including the company’s first Saudi Arabia location. “While the restaurant sector was essentially flat in 2016, Wetzel’s continued to drive same-store sales increases,” said Bill Phelps, co-founder and CEO of Wetzel’s Pretzels. “We attribute this growth to a variety of factors, including offering the best-tasting, freshest product, exceptional customer service and a corporate philosophy that places a priority on franchise profitability.” In 2016, Wetzel’s Pretzels also launched its user-friendly app for iOS and Android devices, allowing for both mobile pay and e-gift cards. For 2017, the company intends to continue its expansion within many other Walmart locations, and will be recruiting multi-unit developers to expand into strategic areas of the country. It will also launch a new Bitz flavor, following on the heels of Pizza Bitz, one of the most successful new product introductions in the company’s history. Pizza Bitz accounted for up to 10 percent of net sales across the system. “There is tremendous white space for Wetzel’s Pretzels both domestically and internationally,” Phelps said. “With our strong unit economics and same-store sales growth, we expect to capitalize on those opportunities by recruiting more multi-unit developers into our system and offering incentives for growth.” Phelps and Rick Wetzel opened the first Wetzel’s Pretzels bakery in Redondo Beach in 1994. Today, the company has grown to more than 300 fresh bakeries across the U.S. and around the world, with premier locations at Disneyland Resort and Walt Disney World Resort. For additional information on Wetzel’s Pretzels or franchise opportunities, visit www.wetzels.com or call (626) 432-6900.     Read Previous Post Read Next Post Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus New Job Fair Series May Help You Take Your Career To The Next Level Pasadena-based Spokeo Joins 126 Tech Companies Filing Legal Brief vs. Trump Immigration Ban Pasadena Pretzel Innovator Expects Further Expansion in 2017 PASADENA NOW Pasadena Now has been published daily since April, 2004 and is among the very oldest continously operated community news websites in the U.S. Pasadena Now strives to publish a full spectrum of news and information articles in service to the entire community. The publication will remain free to readers and will not erect paywalls. Pasadena Now strives to provide factual, unbiased reporting. Our opinion section is open to all. © 2014 PASADENA NOW. LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED COMPANY INFO CONTACT CONNECT & SHARE RSS FEEDS The Arts & Culture Click Headings for Section Home Pages MUSIC Lyrics as High Flying Literature This Week’s All-District Music Festival Reveals Vibrancy of Pasadena Unified’s Arts Programs Los Angeles Sound Foundation Presents GRAMMY-award Winning David Russell in a Solo Classical Guitar Concert Pasadena’s Los Angeles Children’s Chorus Presents Masterclass with Choral Conductor Scott Melvin THEATRE A Wrinkle in Time Opens March 10 and March 11 at Sierra Madre Playhouse Theater Arts Caltech Presents Company By Stephen Sondheim The Pasadena Playhouse Partners with TodayTix on “God Looked Away” Starring Al Pacino Shakespeare’s King Lear Starts Feb 12 at A Noise Within VISUAL ARTS Study Links Art Classes to Good Grades – And KidsArt Knows Why Lanterman Historical Museum Foundation to Unveil The Legacy of Frank Lanterman The Huntington Library Announces Aquisitions, Including Unique Edition of John Muir’s Writings, Exquisite Illustrated Book on Camellias ArtCenter Partners with JW Marriott to Showcase the “L.A. Perspective” Through the Lens of Young Artists DANCE Lanterman Historical Museum Foundation to Host Ragtime Tea Dance Out of the Blue Dance Collaborative Lineage Dance Company Receives California Arts Council “Artists in Schools” Grant Lineage Dance Gala Benefits the Arts Through Dance HISTORY The Huntington Library Announces Aquisitions, Including Unique Edition of John Muir’s Writings, Exquisite Illustrated Book on Camellias Pasadena Museum of History Presents Free Lecture By Historian Marne Campbell, Author of Making Black Los Angeles Batchelder: Tilemaker and Cast & Fired: Pasadena’s Mid-Century Ceramics Industry Extended Due to Popular Demand President Obama’s College Days Pasadena Residence Commemorated as a Place in History SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY NASA Studies a Rarity: Growing Louisiana Deltas JPL’s Curiosity Rover Sharpens Paradox of Ancient Mars Caltech Engineers Build Robot Drone that Mimics Bat Flight In New Caltech Study, Researchers Learn How Protein “Chaperone” Takes Its Job Seriously DESIGN Pasadena Showcase House for the Arts Empty House Party Hints at Exquisite Designs Batchelder: Tilemaker and Cast & Fired: Pasadena’s Mid-Century Ceramics Industry Extended Due to Popular Demand Pasadena Showcase House of Design Makes “Empty House Party” Tickets Available for Friday Night Party ArtCenter Earns National Endowment for the Arts Grant to Inspire Next Gen Mobility Designers LITERARY ARTS South Pasadena Library Author Night Presents NY Times Bestselling Author Phoebe Conn Author Talk: Toypurina: The Joan of Arc of California Seth Stewart’s The Ending I Imagined Poetry Reading and Signing at Flintridge Bookstore & Coffeehouse Prospect Park Books Publisher Colleen Dunn Bates Leads a Conversation with Authors J.J. Gesher and Rachel Harper Community Click Headings for Section Home Pages COMMUNITY NEWS 100-Year-Old Former Pasadena Police Woman Gets the Birthday Surprise of the Century 2018 Rose Parade Marching Bands Revealed A Noise Within Presents Eugene O’Neill’s Ah, Wilderness! Pasadena Rapid Bus to Hollywood Could Be Metro’s First Measure M Project EDUCATION New President of the French Academy of Sciences is a Caltech Grad This Week’s All-District Music Festival Reveals Vibrancy of Pasadena Unified’s Arts Programs Pasadena City College Makes the Grade, Earns Back Full Accreditation Status Caltech and The Huntington Library Partner, Bringing Together Multidisciplinary Researchers GOVERNMENT Public Invited to Community Meetings on Budget, Short-Term Rentals Reaction to Assemblymember Holden’s Bill to Kill the 710 Extension Tunnel: Enthusiasm to Outrage L.A. County Supervisor Kathryn Barger Voices Concerns, Listens to Altadena Residents at Chamber Breakfast Senator Portantino Introduces Legislation Giving County Assessor, Caltrans Tools to Help Keep 710 Properties Affordable GIVING BACK The Women’s Room Celebrates 10 Years of Serving at Risk Women Leadership Pasadena Partnering with Jericho Road Pasadena Foothill Family Receives Grant Award from Kaiser Permanent to Support Children and Families Along Healthy Paths Pasadena Rotary Club Seeking 2017 Community Grants Application GATHERINGS First Ever Fashion for Philanthropy Event Benefits Five Acres This Week’s Social Scene Hillsides Thanks Donors of Upcoming Gala, Las Flores de Hillsides Shakespeare Club’s Kick-off for 68th Annual Benefit Production – The Pajama Game PEOPLE Collaborate PASadena Introduces New Director, Lisa Cavelier, To Lead Initiative Pasadena Museum of History Welcomes Stephen Acker and Richard A. McDonald as Trustees New President of the French Academy of Sciences is a Caltech Grad Trump Administration’s Travel Restrictions Hit Close to Home for Pasadena City College Student FAITH Pastor Tyrone Skinner to Speak at Altadena Baptist for Black History Celebration Pasadena Religious Services This Sunday Student Scholarship Fundraiser Banquet Announced Friends of Music Presents /än ‘sämbal/ II Click for Events Home Events by Date What's On Today 7:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m. Walk ALZ 8:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. LEGO Robotics 8:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Pasadena Farmers Market at Victory Park 8:30 a.m. - 10:00 a.m. Tai Chi Series 9:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m. Black History Month Matters of the Heart A Morning of Nutrition and Exercise 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. Friends of the Library Book Sale Event Search WhatYou are searching... All Altadena Event Art Benefits Business Children Classical Music Convention Center Dance Education Food & Wine Gardens Health Holiday Innovation & Technology Jazz Lectures Music Nightlife Openings/Closings Readings and Signings Shopping & Sales South Pasadena Event Special Events Sports Technology Theatre Tours Date All Dates Today Tomorrow The Weekend The Next 7 days Choose a date range EVENTS PREVIEWS South Pasadena Library Author Night Presents NY Times Bestselling Author Phoebe Conn Come Join the Fun While Celebrating All Things Chocolate This Weekend Celebrate Valentine’s with Smooches and Sweets Lanterman Historical Museum Foundation to Host Ragtime Tea Dance NIGHTLIFE Your Pasadena Live Music Round Up Lovable Cynic Alonzo Bodden Returns Joey Diaz and Eric Blake on New Year’s Eve at the Ice House Comedy Club According to Jim’s Jim Belushi Returns with The Board of Comedy DINING How to Create a Dessert Buffet Madeline Garden Bistro is Just Your Cup of Tea Show Your Love with Cake Green Street Restaurant Offers Iconic California Cuisine Media Partner Click Headings for Section Home Pages NEWS AROUND TOWN CITY SPORTS SCHOOLS Special Sections TRAVEL Pasadena Highlighted in Latest Issue of Southwest In flight Magazine Langham Hotels Resorts Recognized with Six Cond Nast Traveler s Readers Choice Awards Placid Peaceful and Picturesque Tomales Bay is a Hidden Pearl CARS Toyota Camry Tried and True Toyota Blasting Off on a Highway Near You Demographics PHOTOGALLERIES Celebrate Valentine s Day with a Special Someone at The Tap Room Cocktail Bar First Ever Fashion for Philanthropy Event Benefits Five Acres Hillsides Thanks Donors of Upcoming Gala Las Flores de Hillsides Click Headings for Section Home Pages SHOPPING & SALES Family Floral Business Continues to Bloom in Pasadena Pasadena Bead and Design Show Spotlight Shell La Vie Shop in Style at the Tres Chic Holiday Boutique Get Your Holiday Cheer at Green Street Village District BEAUTY Treat Your Valentine to Luxury and Score a Gift for Yourself at Burke Williams New Year New Style Liven Up Your Winter Style With Peek Beauty April Blooms Empowers Women to Find Their Own Beauty HEALTH Parents Report The Nontoxic War Against Lice Two Woman Yoga Studio Empowers Community Three Dental Myths Debunked Hot Yoga Pasadena Enters its th Year in Pasadena Healing Bodies and Changing Lives FASHION & STYLE Style Lounge Pampers Pasadena Celebrate Sweets and Style with Candy Kisses Clothing Brand Embraces Unity Marvallure Brings Casual Elegance to South Lake Avenue IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU Don t Let Your Health Insurance Be Cancelled for Non Payment of Premium How Can My Child Continue in Private School After My Divorce Estate Planning in Your s s s s How to Prepare Your Home for Rain REAL ESTATE Get Your Home Sold in An Elegant Studio Home on Top of Pasadena s The Burton An Elegant Contemporary Home Located on Old House Road Pasadena A Spanish Colonial Revival Style Home Located in Madison Heights Pasadena AT HOME Three Simple Solutions to Make Your Home Look Like New How to Make the Most of Your Outdoor Space Tracking Trends in Furniture Should You Get a Garbage Disposal IN THE GARDEN Hahamongna Native Plant Nursery First Sale of the Year Descanso Gardens Presents Camellia Tea Festival Immerse Yourself in Art and Spirituality at the Japanese Garden Crowell Library Rose Pruning Made Easy FOOD & DRINK It s Avocado Season The History of the Breakfast Burrito These Fresh Scones Will Make Your Morning Celebrate the Year of the Rooster with Taiwanese Pastries Click Headings for Section Home Pages Click here for Front Page Local News NEWS NOW Reaction to Assemblymember Holden’s Bill to Kill the 710 Extension Tunnel: Enthusiasm to Outrage Pasadena-based Spokeo Joins 126 Tech Companies Filing Legal Brief vs. Trump Immigration Ban Assemblymember Chris Holden Introduces Legislation Which Would Prohibit Building the 710 Freeway Extension Tunnel Under Pasadena THE LATEST Pasadena Rapid Bus to Hollywood Could Be Metro’s First Measure M Project City Council to Residents: Get Used to Saving Water Council Backs Measure H for Tax to Fight Homelessness, on March Ballot CRIME Reward Extended in Altadena Murder Case Police Sieze Nine Firearms and Arrest Multiple Armed Suspects in the Weekend’s Spate of Shootings Two Men with Simulated Handguns Rob Local Pharmacy PUBLIC SAFETY Arson Suspect Arrested Bridge Reconstruction Will Shut Down Major Residential Intersection Through February 17 Pasadena NAACP Decides to Drop Lawsuit In Response to Changes to Body Camera Policy GOVERNMENT Public Invited to Community Meetings on Budget, Short-Term Rentals Reaction to Assemblymember Holden’s Bill to Kill the 710 Extension Tunnel: Enthusiasm to Outrage L.A. County Supervisor Kathryn Barger Voices Concerns, Listens to Altadena Residents at Chamber Breakfast EDUCATION New President of the French Academy of Sciences is a Caltech Grad This Week’s All-District Music Festival Reveals Vibrancy of Pasadena Unified’s Arts Programs Pasadena City College Makes the Grade, Earns Back Full Accreditation Status BUSINESS New Job Fair Series May Help You Take Your Career To The Next Level Pasadena-based Spokeo Joins 126 Tech Companies Filing Legal Brief vs. Trump Immigration Ban Pasadena Pretzel Innovator Expects Further Expansion in 2017 SPORTS Slippery Court Stops Pasadena-Muir Game Parents Report: How to Raise an Athlete Pasadena’s Love of Pickleball Spikes, Interest Higher Than in Tennis at Some City Facilities OPINION Guest Opinion | Don’t be Swayed by False Assertions: Join Us in Supporting Victor Gordo to Continue His Exceptional Leadership for Pasadena’s District 5 Guest Opinion | Victor Gordo’s Misplaced Right-Field Rant Against “Rent-Control” Shirlee Smith | Black History Month – Let’s Start Running Away With Ourselves Click Headings for Section Home Pages FEATURES New Horizon School s Old West and New Frontiers Parents Report The Nontoxic War Against Lice Poly s Technical Theatre Program An Adventure in Creative Teamwork Marshall Fundamental Secondary School Participate in California Junior Thespian Festival SCHOOL NEWS La Salle High School s Academic Decathlon Team Earns Medals at SoCal Private Schools Competition Sequoyah Summerhouse is Officially Launched Ramona Convent Hosts Women s Leadership Symposium featuring Keynote Speaker Civil Rights Leader Donzaleigh Abernathy Weizmann School s Science Fair a Success SCHOOL EVENTS McKinley s Soul Train Black History Fashion Show Holy Family School s Winter Wonderland Father Daughter Dance Neon Bright Game Night at The Gooden School in Pictures Arroyo Pacific Academy s Groundbreaking Ceremony for New School Buildings SPORTS Immaculate Heart High School Middle School Delphic League Champions San Marino s nd Annual All City Track Meet Parents Report How to Raise an Athlete Crestview Preparatory School Announce Rocket Basketball Season COMMUNITY SERVICE South Pasadena Educational Foundation s Pathways to Art Street Sign Sale Fundraiser District Health Benefits Committee Brings Free Health Screening to the La Canada Unified School District South Pasadena Middle School s Builders Club Works with Kiwanis Club to Provide Dinner at Ronald McDonald House Ramona Convent Secondary School Human Trafficking Awareness ACADEMICS Flintridge Sacred Heart Academy s Daniela Gurrola Wins Second Place in Varsity Lincoln Douglast Debate th Graders Program Robots to Draw the Westridge W and Dance to Beyonce Learn to Fail Up Seventh Grader Koskoff is The Gooden School s National Geographic Bee Champion South Pasadena High School Senior Jason Kang Named Posse Foundation Scholar THE ARTS Chandler Students Inducted into Arts Honor Society Study Links Art Classes to Good Grades And KidsArt Knows Why St Francis High School Visual and Performing Arts Presents In the Heights Pasadena Unified s All District Music Festivals are Feb FOCUS ON LEARNING Why You Should Start Thinking About College in th Grade Polytechnic School s Inaugural Course Explores Modern India Chandler s Eighth Grade Students Design and Construct Mini Golf Courses Inspired by Children s Books AMGEN Biotech Experience Provides St Francis High School s Biology Classes with Valuable Training Click Headings for Section Home Pages HOME DECORATING Three Simple Solutions to Make Your Home Look Like New How to Make the Most of Your Outdoor Space Tracking Trends in Furniture Should You Get a Garbage Disposal? HOME IMPROVEMENT Thinking About Solar Panels? Don’t Forget To Check The Roof First Plumbing Fixes Everyone Should Know Do You Need a Water Filter? The Most Common Plumbing Problems and When to Get Help IN THE KITCHEN The Do’s and Don’ts of Kitchen Garbage Disposals How to Make the Most of End of Summer Fruits and Vegetables Feather Your Nest It’s Not Too Late to Cool Down With Fresh Produce ENTERTAINING Project Spotlight: Roosevelt Avenue Residence The Transformers of Furniture How to Be a Cheese Plate Nerd THE GARDEN Hahamongna Native Plant Nursery First Sale of the Year Descanso Gardens Presents Camellia & Tea Festival Immerse Yourself in Art and Spirituality at the Japanese Garden Crowell Library: Rose Pruning Made Easy THE BATH Get a Head Start on Your Holiday Hosting Plans Smart Living The Best Cure is Always Prevention The Secret to Earthquake Preparedness OUTDOOR LIVING Discussions and Encounters with Wildlife Highlight Urban Biodiversity How to Create a Relaxing Minimalist Landscape Defining Elements of Mediterranean Inspired Landscapes Yes, You can Have a Beautiful Yard in a Drought PETS Pets of the Week at the Pasadena Humane Society Kitten Bowl Tailgate Party Comes to Pasadena Pets of the Week at the Pasadena Humane Society 30-Pound Cat Awarded Presidential Abode at Animal Shelter ARTS & CRAFTS Get Crafting in the New Year Workshops Bring a Taste of DIY to Jackalope Pasadena This November Nancy Popp: Mason Line Hammocks with Side Street Projects Local Culture Meets Craft this November in Pasadena
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News BioSolar Enters Multi-Billion Dollar Industry for Solar Power Technology With Joint Ventures with Texas Solar Power. BIOSOLAR (OTCMKTS: BSRC) Joint Ventures with Texas Tech company expanding operations yo Canada and China to produce new solar power tech. Biosolar (OTCMKTS:BSRC) VENTURA , CALIFORNIA , USA, February 7, 2017 / — Ventura, CA, Feb 07, 2016 Biosolar, Inc. (OTCMKTS: BSRC) (BRSC or “The Company”) an innovative biotech company focused on battery technology research and development, signed a joint venture agreement with an established solar power manufacturer and technology based company, This will secure a foothold in the company in the multi-billion dollar clean energy industry.  Biosolar Inc will share research, development, and manufacturing spaces with texas Solar in order to explore various expertise synergies. President & COO, David Lee, Will work with Texas Solar to develop new, full-spectrum solar energy products and enter the solar energy industry both domestically and internationally.  BRSC will also provide its marketing branding and sales and supply services to texas solar power in exchange for connections to international distributors mainly in China and Canada with access to very large brands such as Costco, Sams Club, Walmart, Best Buy, and Amazon. Additionally, all new products developed with BSRCwill include the company logo on its packaging, which will help create brand awareness to large audiences that these big brands service.  These companies are already hard at work on formulating three new solar energy type brands and the anticipate being able to update shareholders on these new developments by q2, with a launch date of mid-2017. The partnership is enormous for both of our companies. We can provide our battery industry expertise, texas Solar can provide us with access to cutting edge solar tech knowledge, a leading lab team, and a much larger supply chain then we have ever been involved with, this could be a vast driving force for us that really springboards our company to the next level as a pioneer in the Clea energy Industry. About BioSolar: BioSolar is developing a breakthrough technology to increase the storage capacity, lower the cost and extend the life of lithium-ion batteries. A battery contains two major parts, a cathode and an anode, that function together as the positive and negative sides. BioSolar initially focused its development effort on high capacity cathode materials since most of today’s Li-ion batteries are “cathode limited.” With the goal of creating the company’s next generation super-battery technology, BioSolar is currently investigating high capacity anode materials recognizing the fact that the overall battery capacity is determined by the combination of both cathode and anode. By integrating BioSolar’s high capacity cathode or anode, battery manufacturers will be able to create a super lithium-ion battery that can double the range of a Tesla, power an iPhone for two days straight, or store daytime solar energy for nighttime use. Founded with the vision of developing breakthrough energy technologies, BioSolar’s previous successes include the world’s first UL approved bio-based back sheet for use in solar panels. For more information Please visiti: www.biosolar.com Sophia Almada www.marketwatchers.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbattery, Companies, company, force, Industry, major, service, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious BioSolar Inc, (OTC Pink BSRC)| is Actively Searching For Acquisitions Of California Based Solar And Roofing Companies Next PostNext Uranium Participation Corporation Reports Uranium Purchase and Net Asset Value at January 31, 2017 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 5 4 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Land Rovers could need $17K hike to offset border tax Industry researcher Baum & Associates LLC estimates that most automakers would need to raise vehicle prices by thousands Post to Facebook Land Rovers could need $17K hike to offset border tax Industry researcher Baum & Associates LLC estimates that most automakers would need to raise vehicle prices by thousands  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2jZBpt4 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Land Rovers could need $17K hike to offset border tax Ryan Beene and John Lippert, Bloomberg News 4:51 p.m. ET Feb. 7, 2017 In what it calls a “thought exercise,” industry researcher Baum & Associates LLC estimates that most automakers would need to raise vehicle prices by thousands of dollars — more than $17,000 per vehicle in Jaguar Land Rover’s case — to recoup higher costs incurred under the House Republican-proposed border-adjusted tax. (Photo: Land Rover) 5 CONNECTTWEET 4 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE As Washington considers a tax on imports, an auto industry study suggests the policy would deliver the sharpest blow to Tata Motors Ltd.’s Jaguar Land Rover while giving a leg up to Tesla Inc. and Ford Motor Co. In what it calls a “thought exercise,” industry researcher Baum & Associates LLC estimates that most automakers would need to raise vehicle prices by thousands of dollars — more than $17,000 per vehicle in Jaguar Land Rover’s case — to recoup higher costs incurred under the House Republican-proposed border-adjusted tax. Ford would need to mull the smallest price hike among major automakers, at about $282 per vehicle, followed by General Motors Co. at $995, according to the report. The estimates aim to show the relative impact of the tax plan on each automaker, according to Alan Baum, the founder of West Bloomfield, Michigan-based Baum & Associates. Carmakers are unlikely to raise prices by more than a few thousand dollars per car and would also likely have to foot some of the higher tax burden. “The plan results in a net cost for automakers,” Baumsaid by phone. “Each company will then make its own decisions on pricing in order to best compete and maximize its profits.” Volvo and VW vehicle prices would have to rise by about $7,600 and $6,800 on average, according to estimates by Baum & Associates, which advises suppliers. President Donald Trump is said to be warming to the border-adjusted tax after initially viewing it as too complicated. The proposal to begin levying companies’ imports and domestic sales and make exports tax-exempt would completely overhaul the U.S. tax code. General Electric Co. and Boeing Co. are among U.S. manufacturers getting behind the idea, while Toyota Motor Corp. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. are among the corporate giants warning it will result in costlier products ranging from food and clothing to gasoline and auto parts. The Baum & Associates report accounts for imports of both finished vehicles and parts for domestic cars that are made overseas. The one automaker that may be able to keep prices steady would be Model S sedan maker Tesla. The proposed border tax may induce automakers to boost U.S. parts procurement and production from existing vehicle assembly plants, according to the report. Overseas automakers including Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd.’s Subaru, Mitsubishi Motors Corp., Mazda Motor Corp. and Hyundai Motor Co. and Kia Motors Corp. may also consider expanding existing U.S. operations or building new capacity. If auto sales slow, the tax would create an incentive for automakers to keep U.S. plants running at the expense of those in Canada and Mexico. That could encourage Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV to accelerate the conversion of its factory in Sterling Heights to build light-duty pickups there instead of Mexico, and to add medium- and heavy-duty truck output at the plant, said Dan Luria, an economist at the Michigan Manufacturing Technology Center in Ann Arbor and the lead author of the Baum & Associates report. Nissan Motor Co. might export more from Mexico to Latin American markets and less to the U.S. Volkswagen AG could build another U.S. assembly plant. Mazda and Mitsubishi, which rely entirely on imports to the U.S. market, may have to quit the U.S. market or pay other manufacturers to assemble their cars, Luria said. In its current form, the proposed border tax could lead to the production of up to 1 million additional vehicles in the U.S. and 50,000 more jobs at car and part assembly plants, Luria said. In a separate report Wednesday, Colin Langan, an analyst at UBS Securities LLC, said the proposed border tax could raise average prices in the U.S. by about 8 percent, or $2,500 per vehicle. That’s enough to reduce annual sales by about 2 million vehicles, he said. Langan said he expects a draft bill to be released in late February or early March. He pegged the chances of a border tax being enacted at less than 50 percent. The tax has a good chance of making its way through the House of Representatives but is “very unlikely” to pass in the Senate, Langan said. 5 CONNECTTWEET 4 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2jZBpt4 TOP VIDEOS Mike Ilitch: 'I fell in love with Midwestern friendliness' 2:40 Microsoft moving to Detroit 3:49 Walking the floor at the NAIAS Charity Preview 1:00 Biden admires Detroit, 'an iconic city' 2:15 Chinese automaker GAC reveals three new vehicles 1:57 Mercedes-Benz introduces new cars 2:48 Infiniti introduces QX50 concept 1:19 2018 Honda Odyssey introduced 0:54 Nissan introduces Vmotion 2.0 concept, Rogue Sport SUV 1:25 2017 North American Car and Truck of the Year awards 2:03
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Crime February 7, 2017 5:30 pm Updated: February 7, 2017 8:48 pm RCMP investigating threat at Strathmore Walmart By David Boushy Reporter  Global News ; RCMP at the Strathmore Walmart after a threat was called in - Feb 7, 2017 Photo by Monique Massiah/Strathmore Standard/Postmedia What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen RCMP in Strathmore are investigating after a threat was phoned in to the town’s Walmart. Police said as of 1 p.m. Tuesday, the store was evacuated and the scene secured, with assistance from the local fire department. RCMP asked members of the public to avoid the area until it was deemed safe. RCMP at the Strathmore Walmart after a threat was called in – Feb 7, 2017 Photo by Monique Massiah/Strathmore Standard/Postmedia It took police more than three hours to complete a search of the store. By 4:36 p.m., Walmart employees and customers were allowed back in. Police would not comment on the nature of the threat. They said their investigation is continuing and asked anyone with information about the threat to call Strathmore RCMP at 403-934-3535 or Crime Stoppers (anonymously) at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS). Strathmore is about 50 kilometres east of Calgary. © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error evacuated Fire Department Investigation RCMP Strathmore RCMP Strathmore Walmart Threat Editor's Picks Money Why variable-rate mortgages are becoming more attractive to Canadians Crime 20 years later, Diana Saunders still searches for her 3 missing sons Canada Muslim misconceptions: The everyday Islamophobia facing Canadians Money Trump travel ban prompts high-skilled workers, companies to reconsider Canada Politics Anonymous calls for travel ban on US citizens, boycott of Donald Trump businesses Commentary Cucks and chaos: How Trump sets conservatives at each other's throats Canada Renee was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, depression and agoraphobia. Here’s how she got help FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Man who beheaded Greyhound bus passenger granted full discharge 8514 Donald Trump is considering a whole new travel ban 4302 Seth Meyers calls out Donald Trump's silence on Quebec mosque shooting 3037 Why you should look up in the night sky this weekend 2997 Not the common cold: Mom urges parents to pay attention for RSV signs 1917 Sponsored content Popular Videos Man missing in Alberta after collision on Highway 1 WATCH NOW Missing Canadian found near Amazon rainforest, comes home to Toronto WATCH NOW Twin sex offenders released in Edmonton show long history of deviant behaviour WATCH NOW Anton Pilipa, missing Canadian found near Amazon rainforest, comes home to Toronto WATCH NOW Family puts the brakes on 17-year-long road trip WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-02-11 Jimmy Fallon V. Alec Baldwin: Whose Donald Trump Impression Is Best? [Video] Entertainment 2017-02-10 ‘The Bachelor’ Nick Viall Admits To Hiding Boners And Farting On Dates Entertainment 2017-02-09 BTS ‘Spring Day’ Teaser: Jin, Jimin, JK’s MV Death Flags Sets Fandom On Fire Entertainment, News, Sports 2017-02-09 Seth Rollins Injury May Turn Out To Be More Severe Than Was Previously Expected. News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News, Politics 2017-02-11 Sanders Believes That Trump Could Move The U.S. Into “Authoritarian Mode” News 2017-02-11 Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators News 2017-02-11 Blue Ridge, Texas: Seaway Pipeline Spill Was The Second One In A Year News 2017-02-10 Snow Moon 2017: Lunar Eclipse Shines With Comet Tonight Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-02-11 Kevin Durant Oklahoma City Return: Ex-Thunder Deserves Boos? Westbrook Weighs In Wrestling 2017-02-11 Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Basketball 2017-02-10 Russell Westbrook, Kevin Durant Face Off For First Time In OKC — Will Fans Boo? Wrestling 2017-02-10 WWE News: Former Champion Recalls Vince McMahon’s Reaction Upon Quitting WWE Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-02-10 7 NYC Valentine’s Day Prix-Fixe Menus You’ll Love Lifestyle 2017-02-10 Vacheron Constantin Teams With Hodinkee To Produce Limited Edition Watch Lifestyle 2017-02-09 National Pizza Day 2017: Free Pizza Dreams And Other Odd National Day Events Lifestyle 2017-02-06 Online Security: Stay Safe While Surfing The Web Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-02-09 Indian Woman Cheats Death After Live Cockroach Pulled From Her Skull Health 2017-02-09 Male Contraceptive Gel Like ‘Reversible Vasectomy,’ Aiming For 2020 Release Health 2017-02-08 Norovirus: Infectious Even After We’re Well – And Hand Sanitizer Won’t Save Us Health 2017-02-07 Brew Up: Tea Has ‘Lifesaving’ Potential And Can Fight Off Killer Diseases Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-02-10 ‘For Honor’ Open Beta Now Available On PC, PlayStation 4, And Xbox One Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: The Oldest Running MMORPG In The World Gaming 2017-02-10 Steam Greenlight Gets Red Lit: Valve Replaces Program With Steam Direct Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: ‘Infinity: Battlescape’ And The Long Journey To Creation BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Indian ‘Stigmata’ Boy Perplexes Doctors, Teen Bleeds Randomly 10 Times A Day BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Kendra Sunderland’s Tinder Date: What The Former ‘Library Girl’ Has Been Up To BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 ‘Pokemon GO’ Event For Valentine’s Day: Fill Your Pokedex Before Time Runs Out. BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Rosie O’Donnell Morphs Into Steve Bannon In New Twitter Profile Photo SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Tracy Morgan Reveals He And Wife Role-Play As Rob & Chyna On Ellen DeGeneres Entertainment 1 0 0 February 7, 2017 Tracy Morgan Reveals He And Wife Role-Play As Rob & Chyna On Ellen DeGeneres Amanda Katherine Tracy Morgan told Ellen DeGeneres that he was doing much better since his recovery, so much so that he and his wife have been spicing it up in the bedroom, role-playing as Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna. Tracey Morgan, 48, suffered a broken leg, broken ribs, and several head injuries in June of 2014 after his tour bus crashed with a WalMart truck. The actor was left in a coma for two weeks. Lucky to call the supportive and beautiful @iammeganmorgan my wife! #anniversary A photo posted by Tracy Morgan (@realtracymorgan) on Aug 26, 2016 at 8:35pm PDT Morgan appeared on an episode of The Ellen DeGeneres Show on Tuesday and assured everyone that he was doing much better. He and his wife, Megan Wollover, are even planning to have another baby soon, according to Page Six. “I bought my wife a house, it’s $20 million dollars … When we move in we’re going to have another baby. She promised me we can go for a boy as soon as we’re in our new house, so we’re starting tonight.” Chillin with my PYT A photo posted by Tracy Morgan (@realtracymorgan) on Feb 14, 2014 at 7:55am PST Tracy Morgan explained during his interview with Ellen DeGeneres that he had been so bored during his recovery that he and his wife had used the time to have “crazy” sex, role playing as Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna. “You gotta understand, for a whole year, I was on the couch, I couldn’t do nothin’, so when everything was working, I went crazy.” “Our sex life is so hot, it’s, like, volatile. We role-play, that’s how we keep it hot.” “Like tonight, she’s gonna dress up like Blac Chyna and I’m gonna put on a fat suit and be Rob Kardashian. Gotta keep it hot.” Ellen joked that maybe she would “go home and try that too.” Doctors gave him a 2% chance of living. Tomorrow, @RealTracyMorgan is back. A photo posted by Ellen (@theellenshow) on Feb 6, 2017 at 6:30pm PST Morgan also spoke about two other people that had helped him through his difficult recovery after the accident. “Maybe a week and half after I came out [of the coma], Eddie Murphy — I spoke to him on the phone, and he made me laugh.” “But I was heavily sedated … I chuckled, I laughed. When I got to give him his Mark Twain Award, I told him from the stage, ‘You’s the first one to make me laugh when I came back, and I love you for that.'” The 30 Rock star also spoke about his three-year-old daughter, Maven. Welcome to the school of Tracy Morgan #BonaFide A photo posted by Tracy Morgan (@realtracymorgan) on Apr 20, 2014 at 7:38pm PDT “I missed her first birthday because I was in a coma, but I got to see her take her first steps, and that inspired me and my wife to walk for the first time.” “I got out my wheelchair — my wife went crazy because my femur was still in little pieces, but she inspired me to get up and walk. I know my purpose in life now is to spread love.” The actor also has three sons, Malcolm, Gitrid, and Tracy Jr., from a previous marriage. All jokes aside, Tracy Morgan revealed that after his horrific crash, doctors had thought he would not survive, according to Daily Mail. “[Doctors] gave me a two percent chance of living, but God gave me a second chance.” The actor and comedian said that he appreciated the love and good will that everyone sent his way and that his daughter Maven played a huge part in helping him find the strength to walk again after being in a wheelchair for months. SEASONS GREETINGS from THE MORGANS! @iammeganmorgan ????:@tismanphoto A photo posted by Tracy Morgan (@realtracymorgan) on Dec 21, 2016 at 11:22am PST “There’s a lot of good will for me, and I feel like the Desmond Tutu of show business now,’ he joked. ‘I feel like Gandhi. And I just want to have the opportunity to give it back.” A preliminary investigation of the accident by the National Transportation Safety Board said that the driver of the truck was driving 65 mph in the 60 seconds before slamming into the tour bus. The speed limit on that area of the New Jersey turnpike is 55 mph and was actually lowered to 45 mph at the time of the accident because of construction. [Featured Image by Frederick M. Brown/Stringer/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Jason Derulo Tells His American Airline Nightmare Now Read This: Heavily Pregnant Natalie Portman Makes Public Appearances As Due Date Nears Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Amanda Katherine Tags: "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", ellen degeneres, tracy morgan, Tracy Morgan accident February 8, 2017 Emily Ratajkowski Reveals Easy Life With Boyfriend, Diet And Mexico On Instagram February 7, 2017 Blake Lively Fights Trump On Instagram, Ryan Reynolds Kisses Andrew Garfield View full timeline 3 days ago Tracy Morgan Reveals He And Wife Role-Play As Rob & Chyna On Ellen DeGeneres 4 days ago ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast: Online Petition For Rosie O’Donnell As Steve Bannon Comments LATEST HEADLINES Heavily Pregnant Natalie Portman Makes Public Appearances As Due Date Nears Kevin Durant Oklahoma City Return: Ex-Thunder Deserves Boos? Westbrook Weighs In Gwen Stefani To Blake Shelton: ‘Be Nice’ To ‘The Voice’ Costar Adam Levine Sanders Believes That Trump Could Move The U.S. Into “Authoritarian Mode” Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators Bizarre Public Sex: Car Owner Discovers A Perverted Trio On His Vehicle Dusty Rose Makes Public Debut In Adam Levine’s Hollywood Walk Of Fame Ceremony Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Spider-Man Won’t Be The Only Marvel Character New To ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ ‘The Walking Dead’ Producer Says Alexandria Will Be Heroes In Season 7B Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘The Voice’ Fans Say They ‘Won’t Watch’ If Adam Levine And Blake Shelton Leave 6.4k 0 0 Comet, Eclipse, And Full Moon Set For Friday — How, Where, And When To Watch 5.2k 0 0 Danielle Stislicki Update: New Photos Released On Web Of Missing Michigan Woman 3.8k 0 0 Lady Gaga’s Belly Steals The Super Bowl Halftime Show 56.1k 0 0 Brad Pitt Reportedly Refused To Pay $100K A Month In Child Support To Angelina 3.2k 0 0 WWE News: Kurt Angle To Replace Mick Foley As ‘RAW’ General Manager? 2k 0 0 Recent Videos Celebrity News Jake Gyllenhaal Reopens NYC Theater And Stars In First Performance Celebrity News Gigi Hadid Stuns At Tommy Hilfiger Fashion Show Celebrity News Donald Trump Tweets Nordstrom’s Decision “So Unfair” Celebrity News Barack Obama And Richard Branson Go Kite-boarding Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Trending: CHARLES OAKLEY BLIZZARDS TRAVEL BAN STEPHEN BANNON DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: CHARLES OAKLEY BLIZZARDS TRAVEL BAN STEPHEN BANNON DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS New York Daily News entertainment Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Share This facebook Tweet email SEE IT: Tracy Morgan says to keep sex life hot he and his wife will roleplay as Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna  Tracy Morgan keeps sex life hot by dressing up as Rob Kardashian BY Minyvonne Burke NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Tuesday, February 7, 2017, 3:59 PM facebook Tweet email BY Minyvonne Burke NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Tuesday, February 7, 2017, 3:59 PM Tracy Morgan has a secret for how he keeps his sex life hot: dress up like Rob Kardashian. During an appearance Tuesday on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show," Morgan joked that he and his wife, Megan Wollover, are trying to expand their family and have come up with ways to keep things interesting in the bedroom. "Our sex life is so hot," Morgan said, explaining that once everything below the waist started working properly again after his accident he went "crazy." "It's like volatile," he continued. "We roleplay - that's how we keep it hot. Tonight, she's gonna dress up like Blac Chyna and I'm gonna put on a fat suit and be Rob Kardashian." Tracy Morgan forgives Walmart truck driver who almost killed him Rob Kardashian and his fiance Blac Chyna have been dating since last year.  (Greg Doherty/Getty Images) DeGeneres laughed and told the comedian that she might go home "and do that, too." On a more serious note, Morgan also addressed his 2014 accident on the New Jersey Turnpike, in which a Walmart truck hit the minibus Morgan and his friends were riding in before smashing into three other vehicles. The crash killed Morgan's close friend, comedian James "Jimmy Mack" McNair dead and left Morgan in a coma. The comedian also suffered a brain injury and multiple broken bones. Tracy Morgan jokes that he and his wife, Morgan Wollover, roleplay to keep sex life hot. (Evan Agostini/Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) The "30 Rock" actor, 48, told DeGeneres that he was inspired to walk again after watching his daughter Maven take her first steps. Tracy Morgan ordered to hand over documents in Walmart settlement "I missed her first birthday because I was in a coma, but I got to see her take her first steps and that inspired me," he said. "I got out my wheelchair and I started walking. ... She inspired me to get out of my wheelchair and walk." Tags: tracy morgan rob kardashian blac chyna celebrity relationships Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 3° Mostly cloudy High: 21° | Low: 15° Ten Day ForecastWeather Alert Home News More in News Politics Local & State Politics More in Politics Politics Capitol Ticker Blog Sports More in Sports High School Sports Red Sox Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Bruins College Portland Pirates Sea Dogs Maine Red Claws Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community More in Community Celebrations Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Lifestyle Source Source Awards Books Things to Do Sudoku Crossword MaineToday.com Real Estate More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Local Offers More in Local Offers test Obituaries Jobs Auto More in Auto New Cars Index Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Cops & Courts Posted February 7 Updated February 7 increase font size Morning Sentinel Feb. 7 police log Waterville area police reports for Feb. 7, 2017. Share Comment Read Article IN ANSON, Tuesday at 3:02 a.m., loud noise or music was reported on Valley Road. IN BENTON, Monday at 4:02 p.m., identity theft was reported on Booker Avenue. IN CARRABASSETT VALLEY, Monday at 11:18 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Grand Summit Lane. IN COPLIN PLANTATION, Monday at 8:03 p.m., a structure fire was reported on Porcupine Trail. IN FAIRFIELD, Tuesday at 8 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Main Street. IN FARMINGTON, Monday at 7:04 a.m., a road hazard was reported on Weeks Mills Road. 7:33 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Durrell Drive. 12:24 p.m., theft or fraud was reported at Olympia Sports. 7:42 p.m., a smoke investigation was conducted on Orchard Street. IN HARTLAND, Monday at 5:29 p.m., a harassment complaint was taken on Commercial Street. 6:43 p.m., a chimney fire was reported on Pleasant Street. IN MADISON, Tuesday at 3:32 a.m., theft was reported on East Madison Road. IN MOUNT VERNON, Monday at 4:42 p.m., a chimney fire was reported on North Road. IN OAKLAND, Monday at 3:37 p.m., a city ordinance violation was reported on First Park Drive. 3:45 p.m., theft was reported to the Police Department. IN PALMYRA, Tuesday at 3:07 a.m., structure fire was reported on Square Road. The fire engulfed an apartment building and killed two people, authorities said. IN PITTSFIELD, Monday at 9:13 a.m., a scam was reported on Hamilton Terrace. IN SKOWHEGAN, Monday at 10:27 a.m., theft was reported on Water Street. 1:04 p.m., threatening was reported on Water Street. 1:48 p.m., a harassment complaint was taken on Pennell Street. 2:27 p.m., debris or dumping was reported on Oak Pond Road. IN SMITHFIELD, Monday at 4:17 p.m., a scam was reported on East Pond Road. IN VASSALBORO, Tuesday at 2:33 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Main Street. IN WATERVILLE, Monday at 9:21 a.m., a drug offense was reported in the Wal-Mart parking lot in Waterville Commons. 11:02 a.m., a city ordinance violation was reported on at Waterville Public Works and Parks and Recreation on Wentworth Court. 11:04 a.m., theft was reported at TJ’s Classic Billiards. 11:07 a.m., a domestic dispute was reported on Crestwood Drive. 11:44 a.m., fraud or forgery was reported at Wal-Mart in Waterville Commons. 4:30 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Broad Street. 5:35 p.m., theft was reported at The Big Apple store on Main Street. 5:41 p.m., an assault was reported at Community Housing of Maine on Silver Street. 6:52 p.m., theft was reported at Dollar Tree in The Concourse. 9:26 p.m., harassment was reported on Front Street. 10:27 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Crestwood Drive. 11:24 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on John Avenue. Tuesday at 1:39 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Elm Street. 3:20 a.m., a noise complaint was taken on Summer Street. IN WILTON, Monday at 3:47 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Pleasant Street. 10:18 a.m., theft or fraud was reported on Main Street. IN WINSLOW, Monday at 7:07 a.m., a traffic hazard was reported on South Pond Road near China Road. 9:42 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Whipple Street. ARRESTS IN FRANKLIN COUNTY, Monday at 9:30 a.m., Shawna M. Towers, 29, of Skowhegan, was arrested on a warrant. IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Monday at 8:51 a.m., Robert A. Lombardi, 47, of Skowhegan, was arrested on charges of criminal mischief and disorderly conduct. 12:18 p.m., Tina May Stadig, 30, of Skowhegan, was arrested on a charge of domestic violence criminal threatening. 10:58 p.m., Georgia Marie Harmon, 21, of Fairfield, was arrested on a warrant for unpaid fines. IN WATERVILLE, Monday at 12:48 p.m., Jujay Emilio Santiago, 18, of Portland, was arrested on a warrant for failure to appear. IN WINSLOW, Monday at 2 p.m., George Clifton Bronn, 38, of Whitefield, was arrested on charges of operating a vehicle with a suspended license, possession of a suspended license, unlawful trafficking in scheduled drugs and unlawful possession of scheduled drugs. Crystal Lynn Taylor, 31, of Chelsea, was arrested on a probation hold. SUMMONSES IN WINSLOW, Monday at 9:49 a.m., Selena Mae Liebowitz, 21, of Winslow, was summoned on charges of operating a vehicle with a suspended or revoked license and violating a condition of release. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. More Like This Recent Read Shared Cony finds its shot just in time to beat Erskine Oceanside jumps on Gardiner in KVAC A boys basketball action Local roundup: Trio leads Lawrence girls over Brewer Local roundup: Gardiner girls rally past Oceanside Mount View boys upend Skowhegan in KVAC action One killed, one hurt in Vassalboro shooting Augusta man arrested after heroin found in residence For Standish couple, suicide was a loving choice, relatives say Norridgewock man charged with hiding 29 bags of heroin in car Large fire reported at condominiums at Saddleback Mountain in Rangeley These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Breastfeeding pilots' claims against airline seen as progress NTSB says truck damaged track before Amtrak train derailed in Kansas N.C. judge scolds woman for breast-feeding in court More mouths than ever to feed at Skowhegan Community Food Cupboard Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Military & Defense BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 'What the president says, I have money riding on': The ripple effects of Trump's import-tax plan Christopher Woody Feb. 8, 2017, 8:33 AM 4,141 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Fiat 124 Spider Elaborazione Abarth. William Fierman When Jerry Phillips bought his business in 2009, the imports that sustained his sales mostly came from Europe. As a dealer in parts for vintage Alfa Romeo and Fiat automobiles, most of the parts sold by Phillips' company in Fort Worth, Texas, were going into cars from Italy. Phillips found, however, the parts didn't necessarily have the same origins as the cars they were paired with. "I discovered when I purchased the business that all the parts that we were buying from Europe, lo and behold, they were sourcing from overseas themselves, from Asia, so we began to source from Asia as well," Phillips told Business Insider. "We import parts from around the world, and we ship parts out every day around the world," he said. "We buy from the EU. We buy from Turkey. We buy from South America. We buy from China. We buy from a couple of other Asian nations. We buy from around the world." Phillips' company, which employs only five people, is one of many American small businesses — that is, wholesale or retail trade firms with 250 or fewer employees — that relies heavily on imports. More than 95% of US importers are firms of that size, according to Census data cited by The Wall Street Journal. The Trump administration has floated a 20% tax on imports as one possible way to pay for the wall the president wants to build on the US-Mexico border, estimated to cost $12 billion to $15 billion. (Trump's embrace of the border adjustment tax would appear to be a reversal of his stance on it from earlier in January.) President Donald Trump meets with, from left, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Blackstone CEO Stephen Schwarzman, and GM CEO Mary Barra at the first meeting of his Strategic and Policy Forum on February 3, 2017. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images While Trump's team first mentioned the 20% tax in relation to Mexican imports, Republican leadership has said it aligned with their boarder tax-reform plans, specifically the implementation of a border adjustment tax that would apply to all countries. Such a tax would only apply to goods imported to and sold in the US, and companies would only be able to deduct their local costs. Revenue generated by the new tax scheme would supposedly fund a reduction in the corporate tax rate, from 35% to 20%. Such a tax would have pronounced effects on Texas, which has a trade surplus with Mexico and through which flows 33% of Mexico's imports to the US. "Texas' number one trading partner by far is Mexico, and imposing a 20% tax on Mexican imports to fund a border wall would hurt the Texas economy," Texas Association of Business President Chris Wallace said at the end of January. "This proposal could mean a loss of jobs and a hit to state tax revenues." "Mexico doesn't pay for the wall," Jared Bernstein, senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, told Bloomberg in late January. "American consumers who shop at places that import, like Wal-mart and Target, pay for the wall ..." David McNew/Getty Images "I can easily see that businesses like ours would need to raise prices anywhere from 20% to 30% to cover these changes in the rules," Phillips told Business Insider, saying his company had a major presence in what he admitted was a "teeny, tiny market." "And my customers are very price conscious," he added. "It would be very difficult for us to continue to sell at the volume we are with a 20% to 30% price increase." With customers less willing to buy his goods, Phillips said, businesses down the line, like repair shops, would in turn see less business and employ fewer people. Concerns about barriers to imports are not limited to Texas businesses or to imports from Mexico. While large retailers like Walmart have more leverage to negotiate deals or to shop around for suppliers, smaller US companies would be hamstrung, unable to maintain current prices while selling higher-priced imports and unable to afford domestically manufactured goods. Mike Segar/Reuters Richard Woldenberg, chief executive of Learning Resources, a Illinois-based company with about 150 workers selling plastic educational toys sourced mostly from China, told The Journal that even with a lower corporate tax rate, the border adjustment tax would drive his tax bill up by four or five times, which would require him to hike prices and then see sales shrink. Jennifer Arenson, whose business, Global Sourcing Connection, employs 26 people and supplies uniforms and promotional items to Fortune 1000 companies, told The Journal that for a company the size of hers, running its own manufacturing operation "absolutely is not a realistic option." Arguments in favor of the tax are that it would benefit firms that are exporters or those that don't import goods. Some small businesses may in fact become more competitive in this scenario. The conservative Tax Foundation estimates that it would generate $1.1 trillion in revenue over 10 years, and, among other things, it would disincentivize offshoring of profits and jobs. Other advocates have said the dollar would rise in value, offsetting the impact of the tax on US businesses. If that adjustment doesn't come to fruition, companies big and small would be hit with higher prices for imports. "We keep our pricing stable, even when we, say, have to pay a little more for a product because of a fluctuation in the exchange rate that's not in our favor," Phillips said. "But, if we go to an import tax, that's going to be seen as a permanent change, not a fluctuation." "If it's permanent, we're going to move prices upward," he added. "There's just no question." David Ramos/Getty Images More broadly, the negative impact of a tax on imports may outstrip the benefits reaped. "From a macro perspective, from a broad tax perspective, the amount of revenue you're going to get is very low, the amount of distortions you're going to create is very high, the amount of trouble you're going to create for the US and the world economy is very large, and the distributional effects are not trivial," Adam Posen, a former policymaker at the Bank of England and the president of Peterson Institute for International Economics, said at a conference this month. The cost would be "actually very harmful," Posen added. Shoppers from Mexico and the US make their way down El Paso Street, November 10, 2006, in downtown El Paso, Texas. (AP Photo/Victor Calzada) The possible broader international blowback from such an import policy — disturbed relations with major trading partners like China and Mexico, potential action against US exporters by the World Trade Organization, and retaliatory tariffs — would redound on the US economy as well. Moreover, Phillips told Business Insider, with a global supply chain, good business relations are about more than just economics. "There are some parts I'll be buying from Turkey in the next couple of weeks, and it's a pretty big purchase for my small company," he said. "Turkey is a Muslim country, and we've instituted these travel restrictions ... on a number of Muslim countries, and the folks in Turkey may not be too happy about that." "I need to have a good rapport with my Turkish supplier. They need to trust me, and I need to trust them," Phillips added, chuckling. "What the president says I have money riding on." SEE ALSO: 'I am expecting disaster': Concern about Trump's import tax is spreading beyond the border region NOW WATCH: ROGER STONE: Trump is 'never going to change' Loading video... More: Donald Trump US-Mexico relations US-Mexico border Border Adjustment Tax Import prices Imports US Manufacturing US Consumers Consumer Behavior facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 'What the president says, I have money riding on': The ripple effects of Trump's import-tax plan 'What the president says, I have money riding on': The ripple effects of Trump's import-tax plan When Jerry Phillips bought his business in... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Military & Defense Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
40°FOvercastFull Forecast Subscribe to Northwest Herald News News Home Local Crime and Courts State 2016 Election Results Nation/World Local Business Heroin crisis Business Town News and Info Government Police Reports Education Get App Get Newsletter Sports Sports Home Preps Bears Get App Bulls Blackhawks Cubs White Sox Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Features McHenry County Magazine Features Home Planit Northwest Best of the Fox Best Under 40 Auto Everyday Heroes Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies and TV Music Recipes Theater Women of Distinction Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columnists Editorial Cartoons Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Events Events Calendar Promotions & Events Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Club Book of Lists Business: Best Under 40 Business Milestones Campus Report Engagement Announcement Get your band featured Letters to the Editor Neighbors Connect Planit Pl@y online submission Recipe of the Week Service Report Share Your Photos Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Archive Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Pet of the Week Photos Photo Store Public Notices RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Town Info TV Listings Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Features Opinion Obits Video Planit Events Text Alerts Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Police: Body found near Route 31 in Lake in the Hills Published: Tuesday, Feb. 7, 2017 11:25 p.m. CST • Updated: Tuesday, Feb. 7, 2017 11:30 p.m. CST By NORTHWEST HERALD LAKE IN THE HILLS – Police are investigating an incident of a body found Monday lying in the mud near Route 31. The Lake in the Hills Police Department received a call at 3:38 p.m. Monday from a construction worker who said he discovered an adult body just west of Route 31 and south of Rakow Road. According to Lake in the Hills police, an initial investigation suggests there is no threat to public safety. The investigation is being conducted by the Lake in the Hills Police Department, the McHenry County Major Investigations Assistance Team and the McHenry County coroner. An autopsy is scheduled for Wednesday morning, and the release of a name is pending identification and notification of the family. Related Links Lake in the Hills man pleads not guilty to sexual assault charges Coroner IDs body found in Lake in the Hills as missing Chicago man Lake in the Hills plans to replace infected ash trees within 3 years Police: Body found near Route 31 in Lake in the Hills Lake in the Hills recognized for excellence in financial reporting Lake in the Hills Preschool offering Spanish-speaking program Get breaking and town-specific news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from the Northwest Herald. More News Meet McHenry Alderman Victor Santi on SaturdayFeb. 10, 2017 - 11:28 pm Electronic voting rules will go to full McHenry County Board without committee's changesFeb. 10, 2017 - 11:26 pm Lake in the Hills man pleads not guilty to sexual assault chargesFeb. 10, 2017 - 11:29 pm Hampshire man faces 11 life sentences for sexually assaulting 3 children in CarpentersvilleFeb. 10, 2017 - 11:28 pm Facebook Live case: 4 deny torturing mentally ill Crystal Lake teenFeb. 10, 2017 - 11:28 pm McHenry High School District 156's Food for Thought program provides for students in needFeb. 10, 2017 - 11:23 pm Become a digital subscriber and get unlimited digital access. Subscribe Now. Already a subscriber? Reader Poll How do you beat the winter blues? Exercise Reading Binge TV watching Other    Show results About Us | Contact Us | Submit News | Subscriber Services | Advertise | Place a Classified Ad | Feedback | RSS | Find Local Jobs Privacy Policy | Editorial Principles | Careers | About Our Ads | Cars on AutoTrader.com | Local Business Showcase Customer Service: (815) 459-8118 or toll-free (800) 589-9363 Copyright © 2017 Northwest Herald. All rights reserved. Published in Crystal Lake, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
null
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Introduction Low Mobility Criminal Records Disability Labor Shortage Mature Workers X • • • • • • Tyler Moore, standing outside the Airstream trailer in which he once lived on his father’s property, was long locked out of the labor force. Photographer: Photographer Name/Bloomberg The New Face of American Unemployment As the U.S. labor force crests again, a new complex of problems locks many Americans out of the workplace. By Jeanna Smialek and Patricia Laya Photographs by William Mebane Even at so-called full employment, some 20 million Americans are left behind. They’re looking for work, out of the labor force but unhappy about it, or report working part-time when they’d prefer more hours, according to data released last week. Their plight comes even as the U.S. flirts with what economists consider the maximum level of employment for the first time since before the recession, having added 15.8 million jobs since the start of 2010. While some of America’s jobless are simply between gigs, those persistently stuck out of work are called the structurally unemployed. President Donald Trump said wrongly last month that 96 million people are looking for work, having included Americans who are still in school, retired, or just uninterested. Yet his words resonated in a country where economic insecurity is distributed unequally and cruelly—far deeper in Mingo, W. Va., than in midtown Manhattan. Because of where the structurally unemployed live, what they’ve done, or the skills they lack, employers can’t or won’t hire them. The problems that keep today's jobless stuck on the sidelines are different than those of past recoveries: a complex web of often interrelated issues from disability and drug use to criminal records. Behind the statistics are people with 20 million unique stories. Here are five. The border country of West Virginia and Kentucky presents few economic opportunities for young people. Photographer: Photographer Name/Bloomberg Fighting To Get Out of Mingo, W. Va. by Jeanna Smialek Tweet Tyler Moore’s late-December drive to Louisville, Ky., was one of desperation. He was headed four hours west on Interstate 64 to interview for a job. Even if he landed the position, filling his gas tank had left him with $8 to his name. He would have to sleep at a friend’s place until he could earn enough to pay rent. The 23-year-old had run out of options. He’d applied for dozens of jobs within an hour and a half of his hometown of Lovely, once a coal-mining stronghold. Instead of opportunities, he had found waiting lists. “A simple lifestyle, but being able to have work: I ain’t got to have nothing exquisite” “Minimum-wage jobs, fast-food restaurants, Wal-Mart, anything like that, a lot of them has already been took,” he says in an Appalachian drawl, explaining that the backlog just to interview was as long as a year. “There are no jobs.” Moore’s story paints an extreme picture of how an economic environment can create a vicious circle of joblessness. While he is an imperfect job candidate, his flaws were molded by his upbringing in Martin County, Ky. and neighboring Mingo County, W. Va. Moore takes advice from Therese Carew, a nun and counselor. Photographer: Photographer Name/Bloomberg His problems started in earnest in 2014. He had been living on his own for several years, having moved out at 18 after dropping out of high school, obtaining his GED, and going to work in security at a coal company. Moore is gay in an intensely conservative region, and he said he left school because of bullying. Moore lost his job in late 2013 after smoking marijuana and failing a drug test. Though he found temporary work as a remote customer service representative, he lost that one when his mother died of a drug overdose in 2014 and he had to plan her funeral. Deeply depressed and unemployed, he moved into an old Airstream camper propped on cinder blocks behind his father’s house, at the entrance to the litter-strewn trailer park that the older man owns in the misty hills of Lovely. There, surrounded by long-unemployed neighbors and rampant drug use, Moore began to abuse his medical prescriptions. “I guess I used it as my crutch, in a way,” he says. Moore began getting in fights while drugged and was arrested twice. When he landed in jail for several months, he realized things needed to change. He graduated from a rehabilitation program in September, one year, one month, and 15 days after that last altercation. Since then, he’s deepened his friendship with Sister Therese Carew, a Catholic nun who ministers to the region, and dedicated his time to job seeking. Opportunities are few. Coal mines have been closing, and they’ve taken most other businesses with them. To employers outside the area, the fact that Moore is neatly groomed, soft-spoken, and polite can’t mask his history. What’s more, he’s the first to admit that the math skills he learned in the local public schools—where only eight in 10 students graduate—aren’t up to par, and his speaking patterns are colored by regional grammar. His situation is difficult, but Moore has found a reason to hope. Coal work, once a mainstay, has become scarce in Appalachia. Photographer: Photographer Name/Bloomberg He didn’t get the job for which he made that 240-mile (386-kilometer) drive, but he dropped in to his old rehab center on the way home. When he explained his predicament, the director of operations told him that he could come back until he gets on his feet. The group has found a job for him in plastics manufacturing that could turn full-time after a 30-day probation period. The position is enabling him to pay $100 a week in rent. It’s a chance to build an employment record as he fights to have his record expunged. Still, moving out requires a tough tradeoff: Moore would have preferred to stay close to home, because his family is still in Kentucky and his father is in his seventies. And the job probably isn’t a pathway to wealth and ease. But what Moore wants most is mere self-sufficiency. “A simple lifestyle, but being able to have work: I ain’t got to have nothing exquisite,” he says. David Wolf wears his journey through drugs and crime on his arm. Photographer: Photographer Name/Bloomberg Branded as Untouchable by a Felony Rap By Patricia Laya Tweet These days, David Wolf doesn’t allow himself to get excited by the news of a job offer. Most get rescinded within days. It’s happened at least a hundred times, he said. In 2012, Wolf was convicted of faking a name and Social Security number to get prescription painkillers. Now the 40-year-old father of three and former Marine, who has an associate’s degree from St. Petersburg College, has struggled to find employment. He's received so many retracted offers that he’s lost count. “I get more interviews that I can shake my stick at, but again, it always comes back around to the denominator of being a felon,” Wolf says from his small, one-level ranch house in a Tampa, Fla., suburb, where religious imagery and family photos decorate his walls. “For many, many years, I pretty much got whatever job I wanted. I was able to do anything I felt like doing. It’s really been a humbling experience.” Wolf researches employment options at a career center in New Port Richey, Fla. Photographer: Photographer Name/Bloomberg Wolf, whose chaotic life before he got clean included several domestic battery and drug-related charges, is one of the more than a half-million people who are released from U.S. federal and state prison every year. The influx occurs as the nation comes out of a decades-long war on illegal drugs. Implementation of stricter laws and tougher enforcement that led to a mushrooming of incarcerations and a booming ex-offender population. Before his identity theft conviction five years ago, Wolf held several jobs in sales and marketing, managed a call center, and served as a recruiter for the U.S. Marines. Since, he and his family have since lived off food stamps and cash assistance. “They wouldn’t even hire me to sell Christmas trees at a Home Depot through an employment agency,” he says. “A lot of times the hiring managers feel like they have their hands tied, due to company policy. It’s something that really needs to change. Not only can I not get a job, but I can’t get a job with a living wage for my family. I have three children. I have a wife. I’m not a bad guy.” Wolf shares his home with his second wife, his toddler, and a cat he gently picks up every time it scurries into the living room. Nearly half of U.S. children now have at least one parent with a criminal record. A Corinthians verse, “Love is patient, love is kind, love never fails,” decorates a sofa cushion. Outside his living room window, children gather by a school bus stop as the morning fog lifts in the modest neighborhood of Holiday, Fla. Less than a 10-minute drive away, he spends his free time volunteering at a Mormon church, where he also gets career training. A workshop book, The Lord Would Want You to Be Successful, rests on his living-room’s desk. Men with criminal records now account for about 34 percent of nonworking men aged from 25 and 54 years old, otherwise known as prime working age. Family photographs on the piano at Wolf’s home in Holiday, Fla. Photographer: Photographer Name/Bloomberg “Myself and many other felons, and we’re facing demons, downtime isn’t a good thing,” he says. Almost half of released inmates are arrested again within eight years, either for new offenses or for violating the conditions of their release. “We’re getting food stamps and cash assistance. We don’t like being on it. But the society that looks down on those receiving assistance is the same society that won’t hire me, and the same society that judges criminals when they reoffend.” He had the word “forgiven” inked on his forearm after a stint in rehab. On the worst days of his addiction, which started following a car crash more than a decade ago, Wolf remembers taking as many as 40 pills in one day. OxyContin, Percocet, and Vicodin were his usual ones. “It affected me, seeing guys that have sentences of 20, 30 years. This is a vicious, vicious circle, and we’re not going anywhere.” Leroy Moore, one of almost 9 million Americans who receive disability insurance, spends nearly half of his monthly check on his apartment. Photographer: Photographer Name/Bloomberg Stymied by Disability, Finding Solace in Art By Patricia Laya Tweet The walls of Leroy Moore’s cluttered apartment in Berkeley, Calif., shake with beats of dissent. Moore, 48, sits at his usual spot in front of the computer on a rainy winter morning, his fingers tapping his cane as he gets lost in a new song by an old favorite, We The People, by A Tribe Called Quest. The hip-hop lyrics speak of discrimination. “Being black, you have to work twice as hard, but being black with a disability, that’s another game entirely,” says Moore, who grew up with cerebral palsy in the suburbs of Hartford, Conn. “I got tiring of hearing I had to prove myself, or that people would have to take a chance on me.” “These were so many jobs I knew I was qualified for, like working with disabled youth, and I still didn’t get them.” Moore is just one of almost 9 million Americans who receive disability insurance, a cohort vastly expanded over the past decades by an aging generation of baby boomers, broader eligibility criteria, and intermittent economic downturns. His disability is a neurological disorder that primarily affects his body and muscle coordination and slurs his speech. Moore studied political science at Southern Connecticut State University. After a couple of back-of-the-shop jobs in college, as a dishwasher and stock clerk, he began a long career in volunteering at centers for the disabled. After moving to the Bay Area in the 1990s, he worked at nonprofits helping people with disabilities lead independent lives. He also began facing his first roadblocks while looking for jobs. “In one interview, I remember the guy just started to talk to me really slowly. I just went along with it and by the end I told him, ‘You should try speech lessons. They worked for me,’” he says. “He turned bright red and I didn’t get the job.” Moore uses his tricycle to cart groceries and take out the recycling. Photographer: Photographer Name/Bloomberg “These were so many jobs I knew I was qualified for, like working with disabled youth, and I still didn’t get them.” Moore started freelancing for magazines, making radio appearances and taking speaking gigs at colleges to make ends meet. His rent-controlled apartment comes to almost $300 a month, wiping out almost half his monthly disability check of around $700. He founded what he calls Krip-Hop Nation, a movement that seeks to unite artists with disabilities and whose work and posters now cover his walls. His favorite records, such as the Cripples’ What’s in a Name and books like Can’t Stop, Won’t Stop: A History of the Hip-Hop Generation, lie on the floor and against the walls. A figurine of Ray Charles sits atop a television, and a bright blue tricycle he uses to get around town sits in the middle of the living room. “The hardest part is people’s attitudes—there’s an invisibility surrounding people with disabilities,” he says. “I used to go to the basement and look at my dad’s records when I was a child. That’s where I first saw disabled musicians, especially in blues. It was my mirror.” Jeff Pfeifer, chief executive officer of MLP Steel, faces a labor shortage. Many prospective workers are disqualified by urine tests. Photographer: Photographer Name/Bloomberg A Drug Epidemic Makes Steel Workers Scarce By Jeanna Smialek Tweet At a 200-foot-long steel-rolling machine in Scottdale, Pa., two workers in yellow hard hats monitor screens filled with flashing numbers as they refine rough wire into pencil-thick rod calibrated to a thousandth of a millimeter. This work takes years of training, and MLP Steel Chief Executive Officer Jeff Pfeifer struggles to find employees to fill the job. Years ago, he spoke on local radio news about the shortage of skilled workers, bringing a line of 100 job seekers to his gravel parking lot. “Two-thirds of people who came in to interview failed the drug test,” Pfeifer says, shaking his head. The company had to pay to test the applicants, so “it got to be a very expensive radio show.” MLP’s business model is built around delivering custom cold-drawn steel, deformed wire and other steel products faster than foreign competitors possibly could. That means workers need to be on top of their game or they dent thin margins and cost precious time. “We’re not out there with shovels and coal anymore,” Pfeifer says. “We’ll just about hire anybody that we can get our hands on if the person comes in drug-free and they show up for work on time.” The complicated jobs, which pay $12 to $20 an hour, plus health care and benefits, require sober workers. Sitting in his office behind a wide wooden desk strewn with manila folders and steel samples, Pfeifer explains that his company has a zero tolerance policy: If you’re using drugs, you’re out. “They present a safety problem to everyone,” Pfeifer said. “We need people in here who are good, they’re alert.” Like much of the Rust Belt, western Pennsylvania is combating an opioid epidemic that’s devolved from painkiller abuse to rampant heroin addiction. “With booze, we could tell it right away; with heroin and whatnot, you can’t,” Pfeifer says. On the factory floor, a spool of steel wire will be custom-shaped under pressure. Photographer: Photographer Name/Bloomberg To maintain a sober workplace, MLP pre-screens job candidates and tests workers’ responses in the event of an accident, Pfeifer says. That’s a regular industry practice, and it’s common for candidates to fall short: A Pennsylvania Manufacturers’ Association study from 2014 found that one in three potential hires either refuses or fails the drug test. “We’re down to a core group of workers right now,” Pfeifer says. The labor shortage comes primarily because older steel workers are retiring and younger generations attach a stigma to steel, he thinks, but drugs are exacerbating the shortfall. Pfeifer’s company is managing its labor shortage by substituting machines for workers. He walked me through one of the motor grease-scented blue warehouses in Scottdale, gesturing toward a computerized panel on the plant’s newer mill and explaining that it stands in for a human worker. It monitors steel as it passes through rollers and dips in and out of water-filled cooling tanks, communicating with a central, manned station down the line. Eventually he’s going to need a specialist to maintain even this machine. And the hiring problem rears its head anew. Mike Schlager offers help and résumé skills training to others who are looking for employment at the Buffalo Employment and Training Center. Photographer: Photographer Name/Bloomberg At 55, a ‘Rainy Day’ Turns Into a Year By Jeanna Smialek Tweet Mike Schlager has gotten plenty of practice at job interviews over the past 15 months. The 55-year-old from Buffalo lost his job as a lumber-company information systems manager a year ago. He was the highest-paid person in his department when it underwent a management change, so the dismissal didn’t come as a complete surprise. In fact, he’d started looking into new jobs months before he was axed. Still, he was unprepared for what came next: more than a year of fruitless running on the hiring treadmill. Schlager estimates that he’s applied to 70 or 80 positions. A dozen companies called him back repeatedly. Whenever management or the human-resources department realizes he’s in his 50s, the offer disappears. “The first thing they say is, ‘Boy, you have a strong resume. We’d love to talk to you,’” says Schlager, who lives alone and has a grown daughter. “Then they bring you in for a one-on-one interview and they see that you aren’t 25, that you’re an older person.” By Schlager’s reckoning, employers probably don’t want to hire someone who will be a health-care expense and who might retire soon, even though he has 37 years of experience. The idea that age discrimination is a barrier to hiring is supported by economic research, and it could be increasingly important as more and more Americans cross the older-than-55 threshold. “It’s a common theme,” Schlager says. “I talk to other people in my neighborhood around my age, and this happens all the time.” Schlager has worked at big-name companies, including FedEx Corp., and his résumé is filled with programming, hardware, and operating-system skills. He says the fact that he gets so far into the interviewing process proves that his abilities aren’t the problem. Anita Wolniewicz, program director at Support Services Corporation, discusses Mike’s employment situation. Photographer: Photographer Name/Bloomberg “It’s very discriminatory, if you ask me,” Schlager said, explaining that interviewers avoid asking his age or mentioning it, because such discrimination is illegal. He has nothing on his resume that marks his age. “It’s a vicious game, and they do it legally, but there’s that undertow.” Schlager was making $53 an hour working 35 to 40 hours a week in his last position, but he’s applying to lower-skill, lower-pay positions in logistics as he broadens his job search. There’s a limit as to how far down the ladder he’ll drop, though, because he wants to make sure that he has employer-provided health-care coverage. Not finding employment isn’t an option. While he has relatively low living expenses, Schlager is dipping into his 401(k), so he’ll need to replace what he’s withdrawn. And, beyond financial motivation, he wants a job for its own sake. “It just kills me to sit here, and not work, and have the abilities that I do,” he said. “I call it a rainy day that turned into a rainy month that turned into a rainy year.” Editors: Stephen Merelman & Brendan Murray Project Managers: Thomas Houston & Emily Engelman Photo Editor: Eugene Reznik Design & Development: Tiffany Hale Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading Photos Video Cindy Adams Richard Johnson Sub Menu 1 Sightings We Hear Just Asking Sub Menu 2 NY Post Decider Sign in nypost.com On Page Six: lamar odom celebrity divorces kardashians celebrity arrests bill cosby Sections Search Tips Sign in Page Six Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Tracy Morgan and wife role-play as Rob and Chyna during sex By Jessica Sager View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) February 7, 2017 | 2:54pm Tracy Morgan is feeling the love since his recovery — in more ways than one. Morgan, 48, suffered a broken leg, broken ribs and severe head injuries following a crash involving his tour bus and a Wal-Mart truck in June 2014, leaving him in a coma for two weeks. “I bought my wife a house, it’s $20 million dollars … When we move in we’re going to have another baby. She promised me we can go for a boy as soon as we’re in our new house, so we’re starting tonight,” the funnyman revealed to Ellen DeGeneres in an episode airing Tuesday. Tracy Morgan and wife Megan Wollover; Blac Chyna and Rob KardashianWireImage / FilmMagic “You gotta understand, for a whole year, I was on the couch, I couldn’t do nothin’, so when everything was working, I went crazy,” he explained. “Our sex life is so hot, it’s, like, volatile. We role-play, that’s how we keep it hot. Like tonight, she’s gonna dress up like Blac Chyna and I’m gonna put on a fat suit and be Rob Kardashian. Gotta keep it hot.” Morgan also opened up about two other important figures in his life besides his wife, Megan Wollover. “Maybe a week and half after I came out [of the coma], Eddie Murphy — I spoke to him on the phone, and he made me laugh,” he said. “But I was heavily sedated … I chuckled, I laughed. When I got to give him his Mark Twain Award, I told him from the stage, ‘You’s the first one to make me laugh when I came back, and I love you for that.'” The biggest inspiration for his recovery, however, is his 3-year-old daughter, Maven. “I missed her first birthday because I was in a coma, but I got to see her take her first steps, and that inspired me and my wife to walk for the first time,” the “30 Rock” star said. “I got out my wheelchair — my wife went crazy because my femur was still in little pieces, but she inspired me to get up and walk. I know my purpose in life now is to spread love.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under blac chyna ,  ellen degeneres ,  rob kardashian ,  tracy morgan Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Katy Perry added to list of Grammy performers Read Next Katy Perry added to list of Grammy performers Most Popular This Week 1 Kate Upton throws diva fit over Sports Illustrated cover 2 Surprise! Toby from 'This Is Us' wears a fat suit 3 Mariah Carey's ticket sales tanking 4 Christie Brinkley's ex snuggles up to 21-year-old college student 5 Kelly Ripa: Mark Consuelos is 'mean' after sex 6 Anthony Bourdain compares split to a 'change of address' Share Selection Now On Teyana Taylor: My daughter isn't spoiled Kristen Taekman stressing her 'shoe game' at New York Fashion Week Tamron Hall set to walk the red carpet at Viennese Opera Ball Josh Elliott's CBS 'farewell' stuns his bosses Why Sara and Erin Foster won't ever be models Gigi Hadid had no chill when she met Zayn Malik Karlie Kloss can't tell Beyoncé from TLC John Legend, Lin-Manuel Miranda to perform at Oscars Anna Nicole Smith's daughter is nothing like her mother Yara Shahidi calls halt to Trump ban an 'early birthday present' Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter returns home from hospital Andy Garcia's daughter is a hot plus-size model Anna Wintour wants Melania Trump for Vogue Clive Davis won't let politics ruin his pre-Grammy party Zedd taps pals for spring ACLU benefit concert Martin Sheen reprises 'West Wing' role to back Pennsylvania judge Maria Shriver cannot handle Lena Dunham saying 'penis' on TV Solange: Relocating for ex was 'bittersweet' Jessica Biel reunites with her '7th Heaven' sisters Shia LaBeouf claims museum 'abandoned us' after exhibit shut down SEE ALL Sightings Meryl Streep, wearing a North Face jacket and a “big knitted, brown teddy-bear hat” that kept her from looking like the Oscar-winning activist that she is, loading up on groceries in Whole Foods Tribeca while her husband waited for her outside in the car . . . SEE ALL Video 0:41 Mike Myers' luxurious NYC pad is nothing to laugh at Trending Now 12,187 Josh Elliott's CBS 'farewell' stuns his bosses 1,696 Anna Nicole Smith's daughter is nothing like her mother 1,546 Museum shuts down Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump exhibit 1,405 Why Sara and Erin Foster won't ever be models 1,309 Surprise! Toby from 'This Is Us' wears a fat suit Now On The Boundary-Pushing Sex Scenes of Lena Dunham SEE ALL More Stories nypost Obit proves family couldn't be happier their 'evil' relative is dead Now On Decider People Are Cancelling Their Subscriptions To Boycott Netflix’s ‘Dear White People’ pagesix Josh Elliott's CBS 'farewell' stuns his bosses New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscope Living Classifieds More Page Six Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Page Six TV Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contacts Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Page Six Like Gossip? Get the latest celebrity news delivered directly to your inbox Page Six Daily NY Post Morning Report Special Offers Breaking News Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link
Top Local Stories Mostly cloudy, milder than normal News Metro Detroit Weather: Warm, dry temps throughout the weekend Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Single-digit wind chills with snow chances Weather Metro Detroit weather forecast: Bitter cold Thursday, but milder temps already on the way! Weather Kellogg cuts sales forecast as cereal unit slumps Business Oli Scarff/Getty Images Trump administration delays listing bumblebee as endangered News LIVE STREAM: Snow covers New York City Live Metro Detroit weather: Bitter cold air moving in Weather Metro Detroit weather forecast: Cold blast on the way Weather New charge says gymnastics doc destroyed possible evidence News Dow, DuPont try more divestments in seeking merger approval Business Weather: Temps falling across Metro Detroit Weather News Police ask public for help identifying shoplifters By John Steckroth - Editor Posted: 2:42 PM, February 07, 2017 Updated: 2:42 PM, February 07, 2017 WHITE LAKE TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Police are asking the public for help to identify two men involved in a shoplifting at a WalMart in White Lake Township. According to police, the theft occurred Jan. 16 at about 1:45 a.m. The men were driving a red pickup truck, possibly a Ford F-150. Anyone with information is asked to contact Detective Way at 248-698-4404 ext. 2.   Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved. × Top Stories Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Timeline: The life and success of Mike Ilitch Private funeral, public memorial to be held for Mike Ilitch, family says Detroit Tigers returned to relevance under Mike Ilitch ownership Frozen moment: When Steve Yzerman presented 1997 Stanley Cup to Mike Ilitch Latest Videos Detroiters, Canadians react to death of Mike Ilitch at 87 Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 State official wants investigation into Macomb County Jail after woman… 360 VIDEO: Annual camper and RV show in Novi U.S. and World News Alex Wong/Getty Images US opposes Palestinian's appointment to top UN post Alex Wong/Getty Images FEC commissioner asks Trump for voter fraud evidence Charles Reed/U.S. Immigration and Customs via CNN Advocates question ICE enforcement raids after hundreds of arrests Alex Wong/Getty Images Sanders says Trump is 'delusional' Mario Tama/Getty Images Trump to Dems: 'Pocahontas is now the face of your party' Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Home News Local News Sports Crime Call 12 for Action Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Politics US & World Street Stories Entertainment News eNews & Alerts Signup Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Live Streaming: CBS News News Team Sky Drone 12 News Links Weather Detailed 7-Day Radar Pinpoint Traffic Futurecast Threat Tracker Current Conditions Ocean & Bay Winter Weather Resources Severe Weather Satellite Weather Alerts Closings Power Outages Alerts Signup Weather Blog Pic of the Day Pinpoint Weather App Pinpoint Weather Network Live Cams: Remote Video Target 12 Target 12 Home Inside Mafia Tim White Walt Buteau Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Consumer Investigations Eyewitness News Investigates 12 for Action CFA Home Consumer Guide Parent Guide Recalls Job Finder Contact Call for Action Call 12 For Action Volunteer Application Report It! Submit ReportIt! ReportIt! Photo Galleries Rhode Show Happening Here Food and Drink Homelife Style Living Healthy Rhode Show On The Go App Summer Stars Money Matters Talking Tech Contests Coming Up This Week Watch Live Weekdays 9a-10a On Air TV Schedule FOX Providence myRITV Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team More Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Pinpoint Traffic Community Community Events Calendar TV Schedule About Us Contact Us Work for Us Obituaries Rescue a Pet Contests Morning Message Eyewitness News App Pinpoint Weather App Rhode Show On The Go App Podcasts 23° F Overcast Hi: 41° F Lo: 21° F Detailed 7 Day Live Radar Weather Blog 1 Weather Alert 18 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Sports Crime Call 12 for Action Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Politics US & World Street Stories Entertainment News eNews & Alerts Signup Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Live Streaming: CBS News News Team Sky Drone 12 News Links Featured: 38 Studios Aaron Hernandez First 100 Days Special Reports Super Bowl LI UHIP Latest Headlines Police shoot two suspects in Providence 12:36 am BREAKING NEWS Two suspects were shot by Providence Police Friday night, the police chief said. MA residents dig out following blizzard, voicing their concerns February 10, 2017 Schools in New Bedford and Fall River were closed for a second straight day on Friday, however most city offices, libraries and senior cente… RIEMA director: State’s response to blizzard was ‘successful’ February 10, 2017 It’s official: Thursday’s storm was a blizzard February 10, 2017 Veterinarian: Some types of ice melt dangerous for dogs February 10, 2017 Weather Weather Detailed 7-Day Radar Pinpoint Traffic Futurecast Threat Tracker Current Conditions Ocean & Bay Winter Weather Resources Severe Weather Satellite Weather Alerts Closings Power Outages Alerts Signup Weather Blog Pic of the Day Pinpoint Weather App Pinpoint Weather Network Live Cams: Remote Video Featured: Storm Ready Resource Guide Current Conditions 23° F Overcast Feels Like: 17° F Wind: ESE 5 Humidity: 88% Dewpoint: 20° F Sunrise: 6:46 AM Sunset: 5:13 PM Live Radar & Futurecasts Live Radar 7 Day Futurecast Currently Ocean Sponsored by: Target 12 Target 12 Target 12 Home Inside Mafia Tim White Walt Buteau Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Consumer Investigations Eyewitness News Investigates Featured: 38 Studios Gordon Fox Investigation PawSox Future Special Reports Where's the Chief? Latest Headlines Newsmakers 2/19/2017: Attorney General Peter Kilmartin February 10, 2017 Attorney General Peter Kilmartin discusses why he does not want to release the documents from the 38 Studios criminal investigation. Governor to seek release of 38 Studios grand jury documents February 10, 2017 Gov. Gina Raimondo said Friday she will formally ask the courts next week to release grand-jury materials from the 38 Studios criminal inves… Why Thursday’s storm had so much thundersnow February 10, 2017 Ethics commission fines former Rep. Palumbo for state contract bid February 7, 2017 Ethics Commission finds probable cause to investigate Warwick councilwoman February 7, 2017 12 for Action 12 for Action CFA Home Consumer Guide Parent Guide Recalls Job Finder Contact Call for Action Call 12 For Action Volunteer Application Featured: Gas Tracker Latest Headlines Veterinarian: Some types of ice melt dangerous for dogs February 10, 2017 Dr. Mark Paradise says some types of ice melt can cause pain and even make your dog sick if he or she licks its paws. Sargento recalls cheese due to possible contamination Updated: 2 mins ago PLYMOUTH, Wis. (AP) — Wisconsin-based cheesemaker Sargento Foods Inc. is recalling a specialty cheese because of possible bacterial contamin… Wands sold at Disney live shows recalled due to injury risk February 10, 2017 More Ruth’s Salads pimento cheese recalled in Southeast Updated: 2 mins ago Amish Classic Colby cheese recalled in Tennessee Updated: 2 mins ago Report It! Submit ReportIt! ReportIt! Photo Galleries Rhode Show Rhode Show Happening Here Food and Drink Homelife Style Living Healthy Rhode Show On The Go App Summer Stars Money Matters Talking Tech Contests Coming Up This Week Watch Live Weekdays 9a-10a Featured: Audrey McClelland Jill Marinelli On The Rhode RI Monthly Roger Williams Park Zoo Latest Headlines Highlighting Roger Williams Park Zoo’s commitment to conservation February 10, 2017 Roger Williams Park Zoo encourages visitors to get involved in the FrogWatch program; a national initiative to save rapidly disappearing fro… In the Kitchen: Cilantro Bean Salad February 10, 2017 We are cooking with Neighborhood Health Plan of RI today making a healthy dish. Chief Operating Officer Shantha Diaz shows us how to make Ci… Supporting local women with Lady Project Works February 10, 2017 Grammy Trivia! February 10, 2017 Rhody Roundup: 63 never looked so good! February 10, 2017 On Air TV Schedule FOX Providence myRITV Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team More Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Pinpoint Traffic Community Community Events Calendar TV Schedule About Us Contact Us Work for Us Obituaries Rescue a Pet Contests Morning Message Eyewitness News App Pinpoint Weather App Rhode Show On The Go App Podcasts Search for: Search the site 23° F Overcast Hi: 41° F Lo: 21° F Mugger allegedly shoplifted weapon before using it in robbery By Bill Tomison Published: February 7, 2017, 1:30 pm Updated: February 7, 2017, 1:42 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (From Coventry Police) COVENTRY, R.I. (WPRI) — Police in Coventry are looking for a man they believe stole a BB gun from a big box store early Tuesday morning, then tried to hold up a woman with it. Officers said a woman called them to the Walmart on Centre of New England Boulevard about 5:30 a.m., saying after she parked to go into the store, a man in a red Ford Ranger pickup truck approached her, pointed a silver handgun at her, and ordered her to give up her purse. She refused, and continued walking into the store. The man then drove off, in an unknown direction. After investigation, police determined the man had already been inside the Walmart, and shoplifted the gun — a BB gun pistol — from the sporting goods department less than an hour before. Officers determined the man and his truck had been captured on surveillance video. Anyone with information about the incident or the suspect in surveillance images is asked to call Coventry Police at (401) 822-6225. Share this: Email Print Twitter Facebook Google Pinterest More LinkedIn Tumblr Reddit Send to Kindle Pocket Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Coventry man accused of robbing West Warwick store, 2 cars Woman charged with abandoning cats at Coventry Taco Bell Coventry woman injured after accidental, self-inflicted gunshot wound Fall River man gets prison for attempted knifepoint holdup Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Busted in Southern New England Mugshot Gallery: January 2017 January 4, 2017 PHOTO GALLERY A collection of mugshots showing suspects recently arrested in Southern New England. Trending Now on WPRI.com Must See Photo Galleries Latest Galleries Mugshot Gallery: February 2017 Photo Gallery: Behind the Scenes covering the February 9 winter Nor’easter Photos: Nor’easter buries Southern New England in snow Can’t rain on this parade: Patriots, fans celebrate title Lady Gaga follows up Super Bowl show with tour announcement News Links Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WPRI 12 Eyewitness News © 1998-2017 WPRI.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Target 12 Call 12 for Action Report It! Rhode Show Community Station About Us Contact Us Advertise Work for Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC File – WPRI EEO Report Children’s TV Report Nexstar Partners CBS FOX CNN WTNH WWLP On Air Live Streaming TV Schedule FOX Providence Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments100+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Local D.C. ranks as 4th-best place to live in the country, study says The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Dana Hedgpeth By Dana Hedgpeth February 7 Follow @postmetrogirl   In a U.S. News & World Report study, the D.C. region ranks fourth on the list of best places to live. (Mark Wilson/Getty Images) Washington ranks as the fourth-best place to live among big U.S. metropolitan areas, according to a new report. U.S. News & World Report on Tuesday put out its list “2017 Best Places to Live” in the country. It ranks 100 large-scale metropolitan areas, considering factors such as quality of life, job prospects and affordability. The top three slots went to Austin, which bumped Denver into second place; and San Jose, which came in third. Fayetteville, Ark., which is about 30 miles from Bentonville, the home of Walmart, was fifth. Kim Castro, executive editor at U.S. News, said in a statement that among the top things people consider when moving are the following: finding a job in their field, getting involved in their community, good schools for their kids and making enough money to buy a home (in no particular order). [From 2015: D.C. ranks No. 6 on list of the nation’s sweatiest cities] Castro said the ranking of the best places to live “takes all of that into account — the metro areas that do well are the ones with strong job markets and high quality of life.” For the D.C. area, the report says the experience as a resident varies depending on their neighborhood. The report said “each neighborhood in the District and its surrounding towns has its own atmosphere. “Residents gather for block parties, mingle at dog parks and converse at coffee shops, creating an ambiance similar to that of a much smaller community.” D.C. ranks as the nation’s fourth-best place to live among 100 big metro areas ranked by U.S. News & World Report. (Ron Edmonds/AP) The study gave the D.C. region a score of 7.3 out of 10. And it said the average monthly rent is $1,498 and the average annual salary is $65,910. [D.C.’s Metro is the No. 1 transit system in the nation. Yes, you read that right.] The report also highlights the D.C. area’s transit system for being extensive and its supply of restaurants and entertainment and cultural spots. A few other upsides to the D.C. region, the report said, include that the region’s “surrounding communities are clean, and there are plenty of public parks.” Some of the data and factors for the ranking come from the U.S. Census Bureau, the Bureau of Labor Statistics and the FBI, according to U.S. News & World Report. The top 10 list also included: 6. Seattle 7. Raleigh/Durham, N.C. 8. Boston 9. Des Moines 10. Salt Lake City For a complete list of all the 100 cities that were ranked, click here. local local Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local local Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 100+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Dana Hedgpeth is a Post reporter, working the early morning, reporting on traffic, crime and other local issues. Follow @postmetrogirl 153 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 A full moon, lunar eclipse and comet all in one evening? It happens tonight. 2 Wind was not a factor in fatal Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel truck crash, authorities say 3 Protesters briefly block Education Secretary Betsy DeVos’s visit to a D.C. school 4 Federal judge: Courts ‘begging’ for evidence to support Trump’s travel ban 5 This suburb spends more than $110,000 a year on cars for its lawmakers Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game local local Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters   Search Jobs Featured Jobs sr. research analyst Legal E ip transfer specialist Legal E docketing specialist Legal E washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today If You Thought Trader Joe's Was Cheap, Check Out Aldi and Lidl The competition among grocery stores for your pocketbook is continuing to heat up as German discounters move into the U.S. Edward Hardy Feb 9, 2017 11:01 AM EST Move over Kroger (KR) and Whole Foods (WFM) . Two German grocery store chains, Aldi and Lidl, are taking the market by storm and making food shopping even cheaper. They are already having an impact on the U.K. grocery industry. Sales at Walmart's (WMT) U.K. unit, Asda, have fallen 1.9%, as competitors such as Aldi and Lidl eat into its market share. What is the story with these two companies? Both Aldi and Lidl are based in Germany and are among the world's largest privately owned companies. Founded in 1913 by brothers Karl and Theo Albrecht, Aldi was later was split into two parts, Aldi Nord and Aldi Süd. Aldi Nord is the owner of Trader Joe's. Lidl, founded in 1930 by Dieter Schwarz, has nearly 20,000 stores in over 25 countries. While the company has not yet cracked America, Lidl is expected to open stores in 2018, focusing on the East Coast between Pennsylvania and Georgia. If you liked this article you might like Hain Celestial Shares Drop After Disclosing SEC Investigation in Friday News Dump The natural foods company, grappling with an accounting scandal, hasn't reported quarterly earnings since March. Laura Berman Feb 10, 2017 7:12 PM EST Has Whole Foods Become a Half-Baked Stock? As organic food goes mainstream, the grocery chain just can't get its act together. Should investors steer clear? Kat McKerrow Feb 10, 2017 10:38 AM EST All Three Major U.S. Stock Indices Are Now at Records -- Here's the Big Reason Why President Trump made more promises. Valerie Young Feb 9, 2017 6:40 PM EST Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq Hit New Records; Financials, Energy Stocks Climb All three major U.S. indexes hit new records at the close of trading Thursday. Valerie Young Feb 9, 2017 4:28 PM EST Trending 10 Vehicles with the Best Resale Value in 2017 Airline Pilots to Trump: You Promised to Save American Jobs, Now Here's Your Chance Get a First Look at the Dodge Demon -- It Will Probably Be the Fastest Muscle Car Ever at Over 900hp Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 50° F Clear Hi: 58° F Lo: 45° F Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines 7 Pakistani fishermen jailed in Yemen for 10 years returned Updated: 9 mins ago ISLAMABAD (AP) — Seven Pakistani fishermen who remained jailed in Yemen for over a decade have been returned home. Najum Abbasi, a spokesman… Cheeto that looks like Harambe sells for $100,000 on eBay February 7, 2017 A Cheeto that bears a resemblance to slain gorilla Harambe has sold for nearly $100,000 on eBay. Protesters meet new education secretary as she visits school 3:05 am Mexico gets Trump’s trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Updated: 9 mins ago Trump says he might give travel ban a tweak or a makeover Updated: 9 mins ago Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 50° F Clear Feels Like: 50° F Wind: SSW 10 Humidity: 59% Dewpoint: 36° F Sunrise: 7:46 AM Sunset: 6:22 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 50° F Clear Hi: 58° F Lo: 45° F Lafayette case uncovers why ICE allows felons back into the community Kayla Sullivan Published: February 7, 2017, 12:33 pm Updated: February 8, 2017, 5:28 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) LAFAYETTE, Ind. (WLFI) — Lafayette police are looking for an 80-year-old convicted child molester after U.S. Immigration decided not to deport him in October. News 18 looked into why the man was allowed back into the community and found out it’s a problem more common than one may think. “It’s mortifying to think about that,” Tippecanoe County resident Teresa Barker said. In March 2015, Teodoro Macias was arrested after witnesses saw him molesting a 10-year-old in a van outside of the Wal-Mart on Veterans Memorial Parkway in Lafayette. “If he’s willing to do that in public like that, who knows what he’s been doing when he’s not in public,” said Barker. Macias wasn’t supposed to be allowed back into the public, but U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement decided not to deport him in October – citing his advanced age and medical circumstances. “It should make absolutely no difference what age he is. The crime is the crime, regardless what age or condition,” Barker said. Tippecanoe County Prosecutor Patrick Harrington has now filed a new charge against Macias for not registering as a sex offender. Harrington can’t talk about this case specifically, due to the pending charge, but he was able to talk about a general communication problem with ICE. “The frustration is with the system not the officers that work with this,” Harrington said. “Federal law doesn’t allow them to share certain information with us.” “Sometimes they do remove them from the local jail and take them to a federal system for a hearing on the deportation, and then we are never advised what happened to them,” Harrington continued. “Were they actually removed from the country or were they released?” If it weren’t for this new charge against Macias, police wouldn’t even be looking to arrest him. “I actually have a young daughter and it’s repulsive to me that he managed to not be deported, not be put behind bars, and there’s a possibility that he’s still in this community,” said Barker. News 18 plans to follow up on this story by contacting local congressmen to see what can be done to stop this from happening in the future. If you have any information about where Macias could be located, you are urged to call the Lafayette Police Department at 765-807-1200 immediately. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Indiana case uncovers why ICE allows felons back into the community Basketball coach in West Lafayette blames Trump after players called N-word Indiana woman accused of child neglect; found passed out with pills in parking lot New charge against man suspected of murdering Indiana art teacher Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Photo Galleries Photos: News 10 is going RED for Heart Health Awareness THPD SRT called to Red Roof Inn Heroic actions help two escape Terre Haute apartment fire; victims listed in critical but stable condition Hello Santa! PHOTOS: Items confiscated by TSA Holiday shopping 2016: This year’s most dangerous toys Dec. 13: Snow in the Wabash Valley PHOTOS: Santa’s North Pole home valued at $656,957 Photos: Light Your Way Christmas Parade Go Orange to help support awareness for hunger problems Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2017 Terre Haute TV, LLC . All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Around AOTF × All News Reviews Opinion Videos Guides Rumors Platforms Xbox One PlayStation 4 PC Games Nintendo Switch Mobile Games More Contact Us Write at AOTF Ethics Privacy Attack of the Fanboy News PS4 Glacier White Out Now in The US Exclusively Through Walmart Share Tweet by Jose Belmonte on February 7, 2017 Sony has released the new Glacier White model of PlayStation 4 in the United States, but contrary to the launch planned in Europe and Asia, the new version will only be available through Walmart, and it comes bundled with Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare for $299. This Glacier White model consists on a white PlayStation 4 Slim with a 500Gb HDD, paired with a white Dual Shock 4 controller. There have been no announcements concerning a PS4 Pro version, although fans have asked for it through comments and social media. While the console itself is identical to the European and Asian release, there are some interesting differences that may be related to the conditions of each market. For example, the US bundle includes a high profile game for $299, while most European retailers have that same price in Euros only for the console. On the other hand, the international release is not limited to only one retailer. Infinite Warfare is the futuristic new iteration of the multi-million franchise from Activision and Infinity Ward, and it comes with Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered in the same disc. The last update for Infinite Warfare included new missions within the Mission Team system and a Leaderboard for the game. Combat records and an emblem editor will be coming in February’s update. Sony recently announced that PlayStation 4 had smashed the distribution record for their consoles in a fiscal year quarter, needless to say all variations of the console are doing well for the company. You can currently purchase the console on Walmart.com. Say Something More From AOTF NPD Says PlayStation 4 Was The Best Selling Console in January The NPD Group has released the sales information concerning the month of January in the United States, revealing that PlayStation 4 was the best selling console during that time. This makes the third consecutive month that Sony’s console takes the... E3 2017 Is Open To The Public, Tickets Priced $149 – $249 Death Stranding Won’t Be A PS5 Title, Says Kojima New PS4 Pro ‘Boost Mode’ Improves Framerate of Bloodborne and Other Unpatched Games Nier: Automata Goes Gold Sniper Elite 4 PS4 Pro And DirectX 12 Support Confirmed The Latest on Attack of the Fanboy PS4 Firmware Update 4.50 Adds External HDD Support, Custom Wallpapers & More The latest PlayStation 4 Firmware update (4.50) will begin beta testing today for those who have been selected for the beta program, with Sony sending out emails now regarding how those people can get their downloads started. However, for the... The Last Guardian Receives A Permanent $20 Price Drop The wait for The Last Guardian was a long one, but it is one that many agreed was worth it. When the game launched in December of last year it was met with critical acclaim, but if you haven’t gotten... PlayStation 4 Breaks Historic Shipment Record According to Sony’s Financial Report PlayStation 4 numbers keep impressing in Sony’s latest financial report. While most divisions reported an income loss due to foreign exchange rates, the gaming segment soared with record results that puts not only all of their segments higher than last... Nioh Review The release of Team Ninja’s Nioh has been a highly-anticipated one among Dark Souls fans, as the game is poised to offer its own take on the brutal Action RPG genre that From Software kicked off several years ago. While... Free PlayStation Plus Games For February 2017 Revealed Sony has announced the next batch of free games for PlayStation Plus subscribers for February 2017, with another 6 games being available for subscribers. This time we have 5 PlayStation 4 games, and some of them are cross-buy with PlayStation... Nier: Automata Themed PS4 Announced in Japan Sony has confirmed the release of an exclusive Nier:Automata themed PS4 for Japan after teasing some prototypes the week prior.  Titled the “Emil Edition”, the Playstation 4 console comes in a sleek jet black color with Emil’s face smiling eerily,... Horizon: Zero Dawn Goes Gold Horizon: Zero Dawn has passed the most important milestone there is when it comes to game development, and that’s going gold. Developer Guerrilla Games announced that the game went gold today, meaning that their work on the game is done and... Infinite Warfare Update 1.08 Patch Notes and Changes Infinity Ward has released a new update for Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare.  Update 1.08 includes new missions within the Mission Team system that now goes up to level 100.  The new update also includes Leaderboard for the game, something... Lords Of The Fallen Dev’s The Surge Launching This May; New Trailer Released The developer responsible for the action-RPG Lords of the Fallen, Deck 13, have revealed that their next action-RPG called The Surge will be launching in a few months. The game is set to launch for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and... Ni No Kuni 2: Revenant Kingdom Is Coming To PC Ni No Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch is considered to be one of the best PlayStation 3 exclusives available, and while a sequel was announced for PlayStation 4 it looks like it will no longer be exclusive. This was... © 2013 Modern Media Group LLC All rights reserved. | Attack of the Fanboy | Video Game News & Reviews facebook.com/attackofthefanboy twitter.com/FanboyAttack youtube.com/FanboyAttack RSS Google+
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Crime February 7, 2017 12:06 PM Fuquay-Varina police 3rd in area with recent counterfeit-money crime This image taken from a United States Secret Service web page gives pointers on things to look for to make sure a $100 bill is legitimate currency. Courtesy of United States Secret Service i By Ron Gallagher rgallagher@newsobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story FUQUAY-VARINA Days after Raleigh and Wake Forest police arrested men they said had counterfeit money, Fuquay-Varina police Tuesday posted a Facebook notice warning local businesses that there have been numerous reports of counterfeit $20, $50 and $100 bills turning up. Monday, Raleigh police served a state prison inmate with charges that he had used five counterfeit $100s to buy an iPhone in November when he was on parole. Saturday, Wake Forest police charged two men with having 86 bogus $20s and said one had bought items at a Walmart store and the other tried to pass currency at a Dollar General store. “We are currently investigating several cases involving counterfeit bills being disseminated at local grocery stores, drug stores and big box stores,” the Facebook post said. It urged business owners and managers to “be vigilant in verifying large denominations of currency at your business.” Police posted a link to the U.S. Secret Service’s web page with tips for spotting bogus currency. In the Raleigh case, Terryon Lamont McEachin, 27, was charged with one count of obtaining property by false pretense and one count of having five or more counterfeit bills. Police listed a Durham address in an arrest warrant for McEachin, but he was booked with a Fayetteville address. Police had obtained the warrant for McEachin on Dec. 29. He was brought to Raleigh on Monday from a state prison where he was admitted Jan. 4 for violating parole. He had been convicted in Durham in March 2014 of felony restraint of a minor. The charges against McEachin said he had given a woman five $100 bills to buy an iPhone 6+, but that they all had the same serial number and were counterfeit. An agent with the U.S. Secret Service field office in Raleigh said the three cases did not appear to represent an influx of counterfeit money to the area. The Triangle’s access to Interstates 40, 85 and 95 means that people with forged money sometimes stop in the area on their way to and from metropolitan areas in the Southeast and Northeast, the agent said. Ron Gallagher: 919-829-4572, @RPGKT Terryon_Lamont_McEachin CCBI i Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:52 Raleigh cop J.D. Boyd has fun in the snow with neighborhood kids Pause 1:29 Ringling Brothers Circus makes one last stop in Raleigh 7:23 Your guide to the penumbral lunar eclipse 2:10 UNC's Roy Williams discusses loss to rival Duke 1:26 Who's at the door? Principal visiting homes of each of her 1,003 students 2:40 Highlights from Duke's big win over North Carolina 2:30 UNC's Justin Jackson credits Duke's toughness 3:11 Duke's Mike Krzyzewski on the Blue Devils' big win over rival North Carolina 1:32 Mike Krzyzewski on setbacks: 'That's OK...that's life' 9:31 Berger frustrated after failure to repeal HB2 Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Burglars bested by impact resistant glass 1:04 2 days ago Burglars bested by impact resistant glass 3:28 15 days ago Charlotte police release body camera video of 2016 fatal shooting in first test of camera law 0:44 17 days ago Is that a guitar in your pants? View more video Crime Some complain, others praise nightclub in Durham’s Lakewood shopping center NC man convicted for voting twice in March 2016 primary 2 accused of drug trafficking in Wake, one of them with aiming BMW at 3 investigators Police charge 2 men with 1997 homicide at apartment near Centennial Campus Update: Chapel Hill 17-year-old missing for three days found safe Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters Observer Music How Cultural Narratives Inspire Don Giovanni Records’ Independence By Justin Joffe • 02/07/17 12:00pm Enongo Lumumba-Kasongo, better known as Sammus, is a rapper, producer and Ph.D. student signed to Don Giovanni. Justin Joffe for Observer Joe Steinhardt is not special, he tells me in The Knitting Factory’s green room on a cold February Friday. And the label he’s built up to shine a light on his hometown scene in New Brunswick, N.J., Don Giovanni Records is not special either. But to the 60-plus artists who’ve released records through Don Giovanni that span punk, hip-hop and comedy, this label is changing the game. Since founding Don Giovanni in 2003 with his best friend, Zach Gajewski, Steinhardt has transformed the label into a full-time commitment, all while managing to get his doctorate in Communication along the way. Of greatest interest to Steinhardt are the narratives surrounding the music he loves—what story is this artist telling, and what life circumstances inform their work? As such, Don Giovanni’s roster is refreshingly diverse, inclusive, and tough to codify, standing wholly outside the culture industry at large. Steinhardt first hit me up last fall and invited me to Don Giovanni’s New Alternative Music Festival in Asbury Park. Refreshingly devoid of sponsors, “branded experiences” and all the other dreck that music fans are used to dealing with at these things, the festival put DIY values into action. It even had a mission statement: There is an alternative to music released and distributed by three multi-national corporations. There is an alternative to music festivals as branded experience for millennial males. There is an alternative to music steeped in sexism, racism and homophobia. There is an alternative to corporately managed bands. There is an alternative to music as a commodity. There is an alternative to corporately run music festivals. Now we’re meeting at The Knit as bands file in for the second night of Don Giovanni’s latest showcase. During the prior night’s performances, it fast became clear that Steinhardt didn’t need to be there to tell anyone’s stories for them. Nerdcore rapper Sammus told the crowd about growing up upstate as one of the only black kids in her school, and some shitty classmate who didn’t even try to understand her feelings of otherness. In refreshingly transparent banter, Mal Blum told the crowd of their struggles with anxiety, exacerbated through relating to someone who tries to control you. “What’s the first thing that fascist regimes actually do? They start censoring culture.”—Joe Steinhardt Steinhardt and I discussed why you can’t dismantle a system from the inside, why being truly independent means more than being on a smaller imprint of a major label, and why putting Don Giovanni’s artists onstage is a form of resistance no charitable donation can match. We talked about the week’s announcement that one of Don Giovanni’s biggest acts, Downtown Boys, had signed with indie giant Sub Pop Records. And we arrived at the conclusion that artists need to own their own stories again, their own work, their own art. “When some future human or alien race digs this up, what are they really gonna find?” Steinhardt asked. “Our art, our culture. They’re not gonna find out how much money Goldman Sachs made in a year, they’re not gonna care about anything besides what we create.” Joe Steinhardt: I appreciate you doing [this]. I think they all can’t make enough money. Publications are closing, getting bought. The best music writers I know are writing about food, or something where there’s more jobs. There’s a lot more collusion in music journalism, and arts journalism in general, because it’s entertainment—more branded content, more photo ops. I’m sure this is something you’ve at least brushed up against. Oh yeah. Do you consider yourself a curator of your hometown scene? No, I think of myself more as a documentarian than a curator, if that makes sense? A curator has taste, and is selecting things that fit that taste. I’m more shining a flashlight, or a spotlight and a camera, documenting what’s happening in a scene rather than trying to form a scene. So I think he’s doing a great job trying to form a scene, if that’s his goal. My goal is to let things happen and think of it more as documenting. I hate the word “curate.” It’s so bougie. It’s not the bouginess of it. Someone was telling me they were curating a festival, and to me, here’s the problem with curation—it’s the antithesis of what punk and DIY is about, which is that anyone can do it, that anyone can do anything. So anyone can do what I do, anyone can grab a camera and take a picture, anyone can write an article. And curation implies that there’s some expertise that you have over other people. I remember when that word first came about, maybe six or seven years ago— —Outside of galleries you mean? Outside of art galleries, “this show was curated by” takes away the fact that a show can be booked by anyone. Now you need a curator. “Anyone can do anything, and not just that, everyone can do everything. No one’s fucking special.” My trouble with the word notwithstanding, I’m starting to put together shows, just as a fan, and I’m trying a way to codify what I’m doing. You book shows! [Laughs] I book shows, I booked the show tonight. I don’t think I really curated it; the show curated itself. You know what I’m saying? Anyone can make a fanzine, anyone…the point about what what I do is that anyone can do what I do, there’s nothing special about me or Don Giovanni, it’s just that I’m doing it tonight and you’ll be doing it tomorrow. That’s just where I came out of in New Jersey, at some point that vanished from punk and I think that’s a really important notion. Anyone can do anything, and not just that, everyone can do everything. No one’s fucking special. Well that’s a stigma about creative people—when people ask you what you do at a party, it’s never plural. And it’s hard for people to wrap their heads around someone who exists in multiple contexts. That’s the trouble with longform too. It’s hard to present complex connections to people. And that’s why I like longform. I think it’s your best shot at presenting something deeper than just “here’s what’s out there tonight.” And so I do everything, everyone I know does everything. You’re a doctor of communication? Yeah, the stuff I study is pretty esoteric. I look at risk and health communication. And that’s why you’ve said there’s no tangible through, that you separate the two worlds? Yeah, there’s not a good thread. Izzy True @ Don Giovanni’s showcase on 2/2/17. Justin Joffe for Observer Something that’s been coming up a lot in my conversations lately is this idea of accelerationism and hypernormalization, as they relate to media consumption and the 24-hour news cycle. Do you think there are conscious efforts afoot by capitalist, monied interests, be they conservative or liberal, to facilitate that? Yeah, because you’ve gotta make money for somebody else now. We’re seeing a tightening. The top’s always been tight—people were complaining in the ‘80s, the ‘70s that the media was too consolidated. But we’re seeing even more consolidation at the top, that’s maybe switched from media companies to tech companies. That’s the shift we’re seeing now, from the big three media companies to the big three tech companies that have even more dominance—Google, Apple. They’re compiling media now, too. AT&T bought Time Warner, right? Yep, and it’s all merging. As a result of the ownerships, the media is just slurry to them, and they’re just throwing it out there. They don’t care if I’m consuming a piece that you’ve spent a week researching and writing or if I’m consuming a photo of a topless celebrity on the beach. They don’t care because they own both that topless photo and you. And they own everything in the middle. I’m thinking about writing a book over the next few years, and that’s something I’m going to have to grapple with as a freelancer. If I want to pull from any of these great conversations I’ve had over the last few years— Who owns them? Not I! That’s the point, and that’s what you’re seeing. But that’s why independent labels are more important than ever, and that’s why independent values are worth fighting for. To be honest, I have a bleak view of the future for independent music. I’m not sure if it’ll be a thing in five, 10 years. Without the resources to do the ratfuckery that they do, sending out press materials and orchestrating campaigns, you have to step up your game in turn. It’s not even that. I can compete on a physical level. It’s the digital shit. And they’ve always controlled certain infrastructures—they control radio, they control end caps at big retail stores, they controlled pricing at Walmart when that was a real thing that mattered. An independent song’s never made it to top 40 radio. Maybe it’s on an independent label that’s then partnered with Sony to get it on radio and Sony gets a bit of that. That’s what distribution means, when we hear that a major label is helping distribute? Yeah, to radio or to stores. We have a distributor that’s independent of Sony, but Sony has an independent arm that’s Orwellian—an independent arm owned by a major label. They think that’s real. By their definition of independent music, artists like Taylor Swift are quite literally independent, because she sits on this label called Big Machine, which is all this work with major labels. “Who owns those models? Who owns these new ideas? I don’t want any multinational corporations controlling the entire culture industry.”  It’s a semantic co-opting of the word and the ideals and the ethics. And at the level of Taylor Swift it’s just good business. She gets a better deal with the Big Machine. So there’s reasons for it, but that idea of independent has nothing to do with Dischord or Lookout! or us. That’s why I rush to the word curator I guess. Because you’re someone who’s brought a lot of emerging bands to that next step, to that next audience waiting to hear them. And you’ve done so gratefully without any of the classic drama we’d see on VH1 of the old manager suing for royalties or any of that shit. I think there’s a selflessness involved here that operates wholly outside of that infrastructure, and then the challenge just becomes, how do you not stay cynical. You don’t stay cynical because there’s still a real fight to be had. And we’ll lose that fight—independent film kind of had that fight in the ‘80s and lost. There’s really no such thing as independent film anymore. They tried to have films distributed outside of the major motion picture companies and they lost that fight. Music’s kind of wrestling with that right now. [But] there’s still a chance, and that’s why I’m not cynical. Well we’re seeing these new models for distribution emerge now I guess. Yeah, but who owns those models? Who owns these new ideas? All you’re really doing is shifting sometimes from Sony to Apple. There’s no difference to me between Sony and Apple. Major labels’ powers are minimized, but now we’ve maximized Apple and Google and Amazon’s powers. I don’t want any multinational corporations controlling the entire culture industry. We’ve seen some of these new models just shift the power from music companies to tech companies. [Laughs] They haven’t figured out how to solve some of the things that true independent or DIY infrastructures do really well. The grassroots label throwing a secret show, the reality of playing a last-minute secret show at a small venue when the band is in town. There are some things that you have to be present with people or just frequent a space or live in a neighborhood to get. Right, and on that level, that is why these “independent” labels that are basically majors have a role, because they can react to things faster, deal with less higher ups. And if I’m a pop artist, yeah, I don’t want to deal with those people either, I want a middleman. But I’m trying to fight all of that shit with what I’m doing. Let’s come back to this idea of you seeing yourself as a documentarian, because it’s a really interesting frame for looking at  the music you release. Had I never met you before, and only based my assumptions of the wizard behind the curtain on the bands that he books, I’d take you for some pockmarked California liberal waving a wooden picket signs. You know my point. You take a lot of risks, well not risks, because it’s all great music, but you go out of your way to include people who are perhaps aesthetically or culturally outside your own demographic and your own history. And that’s the benefits of an all-ages space, too, I guess. It’s for the queer kids, the kids who might not be old enough to get into a real venue where they can vanish into the dark and dance for a few hours. If I never got into this before I was 18, I never would’ve gotten into this. That’s an important point. You were at this event at Rutgers a while back and it made me wonder, what’s the pulse like between the label and the college community? They recently opened a music archive, archiving the New Brunswick scene, maybe that’s what you’re talking about? Yes. Marissa Paternoster of Screaming Females at 4 Knots Fest ’15. Justin Joffe for Observer Well it actually opened this year, but two years ago they were announcing that, and that’s when they had me and Marissa [from Screaming Females] and Jim and Ronin come and do a panel. Jim’s been doing this Jersey zine called Jersey Beat my whole life, maybe doing it for 30 years, and Ronin wrote a book about New Brunswick and was in a very political band I used to listen to a lot in high school. Jersey Beat broke shit like The Feelies and Yo La Tengo. Do the hallowed Jersey indie bands have any notable contemporaries from New Brunswick? Well the big New Brunswick band was The Smithereens, but I never really got into them. New Brunswick’s always kind of had its own thing. It’s definitely got a college-town feel, but you could be in the bigger city and not see any signs of college there. What passions inflamed during this talk? I heard Marissa said something about how Rutgers didn’t support art. Oh yeah, well that was the thing—we were at Rutgers doing this panel on the New Brunswick music scene, and Marissa and I wanted to make it clear that one of the biggest threats to the scene was Rutgers. We brought that up on the panel. Just as an expansive business and landmass, eating resources and properties? Yeah, but to a bigger extent there’s an arts community in New Brunswick that the school could be fostering or putting money into. Who has the most space in New Brunswick for legal performances? Rutgers has a million fucking rooms. And they’re not taking advantage of them. Not only not taking advantage of them, going out of their way to not let that kind of stuff happen. So that’s what we brought up. There are all these spaces that we could be booking shows in. Maybe you just need a student committee to advocate for it. No, we’ve had that happen. That’s the thing—the school could have this and make this a thing that keeps happening, but they make it very difficult to book anyone. “So when a band leaves, on the outside it looks like a success, but on the inside, I ask myself, where’s the failure? It’s good for business, but I’m not talking about business. I want to know, what happened?” Politics? Probably. That’s one of the reasons I’ve been getting more involved with the city there. We’ve been doing these outdoor shows working with the city, trying to win some minor little influence with the city and say “you should put more resources into this.” They’ll give us a bit of money, but it’s not real money, and we’re seeing how that goes. We’re trying to build a better relationship with the city to show that the arts community is really important there, and maybe they’ll nurture it. We do a free show every summer, [Chris] Gethard hosts it, Screaming Females plays, Downtown Boys, and it’s big—we get hundreds of people there. Congratulations to Downtown Boys, by the way. They had a big week. Yup…I wish they were still doing it with us, but you can’t fault them there or anything. You’re like a mother whose kids are constantly going off to college. Are you wistful about it? It’s not so much wistful, and it’s not a success or a failure. It’s more that I have to look at it like, “Am I not able to provide enough without the label infrastructure of Sub Pop, and if not, why can’t I provide that?” So you have to look at that critically every time [this] happens, and figure it out. As a label you make more money passing off your bands, because now somebody else is spending the money to promote them instead of me. But that’s never been the goal of the label. The goal has always been to keep the bands here. So when a band leaves, on the outside it looks like a success, but on the inside, I ask myself, where’s the failure? It’s good for business, but I’m not talking about business. I want to know, what happened? I forced myself to grow over the years to serve my bands, and I do a lot of things I really don’t wanna do. When it seems like they’re really violating my personal ethics and values about music I won’t do ‘em, but some things are things I’ll do that I just happen to think are stupid. Like we go to SXSW now and do a showcase there, and I think that’s fuckin’ stupid. But when we go there, it’s on our terms. There’s no sponsors, it’s all ages, etc. And I deal with Spotify now. They’re one of the most vile companies, but our bands want to be on there. I’ve offered, “Do you want to get off Spotify?” “No.” “Then I’ll schmooze with them and try to get you on these dumb fuckin’ playlists.” I’m here to serve the bands because if I don’t, then they have no choice but to leave for labels like Sub Pop. So I’m proud that at least with Downtown Boys, they had a choice—us or Sub Pop. It’s not like they had no choice. And I don’t think I failed with them. Because I can’t fault them for trying out something different, but I’m proud to be able to say, “You can do all this stuff with or without Sub Pop.” We’ve had bands play Coachella, we’ve had bands that were on MTV and license songs to video games and films. You can do that stuff with us, or you can do that stuff without us, but I don’t want bands to be able to say, “I can’t do that stuff on Don Giovanni Records.” Those are very tangible benchmarks of ascension, but I think on a very simple and basic human level, too, you’re there for them. What was that band last night after Big Eyes? Mal Blum and The Blums. You got the singer a beer! That’s what it comes down to. And this is obviously someone who’s very talented and can totally fucking rip, who’s very transparent about the shit they’re working on in their own life with that banter. Fostering a sense of community that intimate for someone with so much talent who’s finding out how to be themselves in a creative ecosystem is important. Well I was kind of drunk last night and saying, “this is important, this is power.” Why am I doing this when I don’t take money from this? I think culture is the most important thing, that’s why I studied communications. What’s the first thing that fascist regimes actually do? They start censoring culture. They don’t build prison camps first, they start censoring books. Why did they burn Helen Keller’s book in Nazi Germany? Because if you see that someone like that can write a work that beautiful, all of a sudden you can’t put them in a camp. Mal Blum & the Blums shreds @ Don Giovanni’s showcase on 2/2/17. Justin Joffe for Observer Why is Trump fighting with SNL? Because culture’s important, arts are important. That’s why Rex Tillerson got on Twitter a week or two ago and said that he actually supports the National Endowment of the Arts. We’re America’s greatest export. Oh yeah, and that’s why this stuff is so important. You’re giving this person a platform to say this kind of stuff, that’s a big deal. People usually don’t get platforms to say this kind of stuff. They’re usually sitting in the audience or at home. And that’s also why this control of keeping it outside the establishment is important. How can we let our artists have this voice without having them join Sony? Or be someone like Beyoncé, who is protesting through the establishment? The establishment’s controlling that, they’re getting all the money from it. With every dollar she spends protesting, they might get three dollars against it. That’s what the trippy BBC doc Hypernormalisation suggests. That even these channels of art and culture we think we’re absorbing from a countercultural lens or a subversive means have this monied interest driving them and putting the work out there, that the things we think are feeding our own heads are really part of someone else’s narrative. And you can make your own narrative when you completely withdraw from it, can’t you? We’ve seen how narrative has been hijacked over the last several months. And that’s what I was getting into at school, I studied the importance of narratives. I think about narratives a lot, how we tell stories and how that influences reality and politics. That’s why it’s important to keep cultural narratives in the hands of the purveyors, not the corporations. A lot of really important art comes out of major corporations, but what have they done with that power? They’ve worked to destroy artists. I imagine you don’t care much for the word “content” either. I never thought about it, but I don’t write. You know what I mean, though. That’s what happens when you take the story away from the storyteller and turn it into something ubiquitous. I really enjoy having these conversations. I do too, and that’s what I’m saying—that’s why I go out of my way, much to my own detriment, to not take money from the label to really separate finance and the label. The label has a lot of money, but by being able to put it back into the label and have it so I could just spend it all on records I’m never gonna sell again if I want to, I knew that freedom to truly be able to separate the cultural interests from the financial interests. And that’s the thing that people usually find totally insane, but people have been telling me I’m insane about this for 15 years. So maybe I’m insane, but it’s working. “Operating outside the mainstream though, right now and always—under Obama, under Bush, under Clinton—that’s the most important act of resistance for a business in a capitalist system. Putting the artists that we do onstage instead of ones that might sell more and represent less is resistance.” Well when everything is inherently political these days, when things are politically stigmatized that weren’t six months ago, you could argue that blending the culture and the finances is the best weapon against that. It’s so cliche, but I think money is the root of all evil. I’m thinking about The SCUM Manifesto, when Valerie Solanas was talking about destroying all the banks and destroying money. She goes into destroying men, too, and I’m O.K. with that in the context of her thing. But a lot of it’s about destroying money, and I’m older now [to] where I believe in that in a more mature way than I used to. Like throwing shit through windows. This is the thing—I still think it’s worth throwing shit through windows. The Black Bloc, dude, they punched Richard Spencer in the face. But there’s also something to be said for working inside an infrastructure that you don’t respect to slowly dismantle it from within, or reform it. It’s funny, I had this discussion with a friend of mine who works at Sony just two days ago, she was there last night and she’s probably gonna come tonight. I was actually arguing the opposite—I don’t know if you’re ever gonna dismantle stuff from within. I don’t know if it’s ever happened before. Everyone’s got this plan, “I’m gonna get into mainstream politics, run for Senate, change everything. I’m gonna become a lawyer and restructure it.” No, no. If you wanna destroy law, you have to operate outside the law, make it work, and then show a new model that works outside the law. That’s what Kafka said. And Bob Dylan. Well Bob Dylan’s a genius, but he definitely operates inside the system. Although they did find him walking around on his own looking at random houses. I remember that, that made me really happy when that happened. That was in Jersey, too, wasn’t it? I think I really get him. Big Eyes @ Don Giovanni’s showcase on 2/2/17. Justin Joffe Are there any conscious attempts to use your adjunct infrastructure and grassroots channels to feed the resistance around the current administration’s policies and practices? Oh yeah. The resistance is primarily through perseverance and continuing to do what we’re doing though. Of course at some base level we’ll be doing some fundraising, but I think that’s the smallest thing. What’s the least you can do? The least you can do is give money to important causes. Operating outside the mainstream though, right now and always—under Obama, under Bush, under Clinton—that’s the most important act of resistance for a business in a capitalist system. Putting the artists that we do onstage instead of ones that might sell more and represent less is resistance. [We talk for a bit about the editing process, and Joe explains how his academic life has trained him to be great at turning things around quickly and his writer brain scrutinizes his own words to tell him how something he said could be explained better.] So in many ways, with regard to the self-discipline of routine and mitigating schedules, the academic tract has really served your label operations. They’re also similar in this broad sense. It fits my personality in that being a research professor, I can produce whatever I want to produce as long as it’s enough to keep afloat in this weird way. I get to pick my own research problems and find out how to pay for them, just like with the label. If only we could get grants for musicians. I don’t even think we’ll be able to get any grants for science foundation research in the future. I remember when that second Think About Life record came out with a little scrawl on the back saying “This record was created with the assistance of the Canadian government” or something similar. Yeah, Canada does a lot of that, which is great. The government should be supporting the arts 100 percent. It doesn’t necessarily mean it should be supporting our arts, but the government should be supporting all artists’ lifestyles. Education, healthcare…there are things the government can do to make it so you have artists, because you need artists. That’s all it is man. When some future human or alien race digs this up, what are they really gonna find? Our art, our culture. They’re not gonna find out how much money Goldman Sachs made in a year, they’re not gonna care about anything besides what we create. What do the next six months look like for you? First we do the La Neve tape, Joey from Downtown Boys, so we still work together on stuff. That’s 2/24. 3/24 is Kissing Is a Crime’s debut album. 4/4 is Aye Nako’s new album. And this could change because of art issues, but it’s supposed to be 6/1 and it might be 6/15 or later, Lee Bains’ new record. How do you keep yourself open to new sounds outside of your comfort zone? I’ve never thought about it. You like who you like. Yeah, and that’s what I’m saying about narratives in culture—I’m really drawn to that stuff. If you look at the records at my house, you might not be able to tell what I like to listen to until I talk to you about them. Some of its free jazz and improvisation, I have a lot of that stuff. I have a lot of outsider private press stuff, a lot of mainstream music too, and punk, indie, whatever—but there are threads that go through all of it related to the people making it, the time and place. Outsiders are always big to me—does it come from inside a system or outside of a system? So you’re really interested in all the context that informs the work. You like to look at through different lenses. Yeah, narrative’s what it is. Why is that Shaggs record so good? The story around it. And why do some people say it’s so bad? Yeah. I listen to a lot of early blues, folk, and jazz, when people were making their own instruments and making up their own rules. I listen to a lot of field recordings, just people trying to express themselves literally however they could. But I also listen to a lot of polished stuff too. Singer-songwriter type stuff. Like Iris DeMent, one of my favorite singer-songwriters. But she still operates pretty outside of the system at this point. She runs her own record label and puts out music on a timescale that has to do with culture, not marketing. Bill Fay always struck me as someone like that, he’s on his own trip. Bill Fay’s great, yeah. So stuff like that. Gillian Welch is amazing—her and Dave Rawlings control, release and master all their own shit. And so there are these sort of narratives that draw me to music more than sound I guess. Is this the future of how we reclaim our own work? If there’s this consistent pattern across the media industry of the creative class being at the bottom this totem pole, the expandable bottom, is this what we’re gonna have to do to curb that? Only if there’s not people fighting to operate outside that system. People need options. And whether it’s someone like Gillian Welch, the type of stuff we do, or your local hardcore scene, there need to be people fighting for who owns the culture and not just what it sounds like. Who controls the narratives. Who profits. To me that’s what matters, that’s what’s important. I don’t think there’s such a thing as a record that sounds better than another, objectively or scientifically. Why do you really like the records you like? Either it’s been marketed to you with a narrative, or you made up your own. Up Next‘Fifty Shades Darker’ Review: Porn Without Pain, Plot or Point Article continues below More from Culture ‘Fifty Shades Darker’ Review: Porn Without Pain, Plot or Point Must Reads Up Next‘Fifty Shades Darker’ Review: Porn Without Pain, Plot or Point Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Super Bowl LI was a bad moment for VR 697 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Patriots quarterback Tom Brady after winning Super Bowl LI as seen in the Fox Sports VR app. Image: fox sports VR By Adario Strange2017-02-07 16:24:57 UTC Opinion A funny thing happened on the way to my futuristic dive into the Super Bowl in virtual reality — it never happened.  Yes, I have my own, fancy Oculus Rift set up along with a pricey high-spec computer to help me immerse myself in the virtual waters of everything from gaming to animation and, I thought, sports events. SEE ALSO: Facebook's VR social network is surprisingly stunning But it turns out that Fox Sports, in its mainstream content wisdom, decided to offer its VR presentation of the Super Bowl exclusively on the Samsung Gear VR version of the Oculus store, and not the Oculus store for the Oculus Rift.  I know I speak for my Rift brethren out there when I say, WTF?  Focusing on the wrong users At first I thought maybe this had something to do with the mobile VR app Fox Sports developed being perhaps too lightweight and not high-resolution enough for the high-end environment provided by the Rift, but nothing could be further from the truth.  Not only is the Fox Sports VR Super Bowl presentation insanely well-designed, the app, its interface and its array of video and data offerings look about as good as any non-gaming content I've seen on the Rift.  The virtual VIP box framing the Fox Sports Super Bowl LI VR experience. Image: fox sports vr Now, a couple of days later, after I've plumbed the depths of the app, I'm here to say that there's simply no excuse for this amazingly well done, immersive sports experience to not be available to people who have paid upwards of $2,000 to equip themselves with the best available VR.  Yes, we know that there are far more people who own mobile VR headsets like the Gear VR, Cardboard and now Google's Daydream View. Mobile VR is great, but at this point, focusing on it over high-end VR headset users is like walking into Walmart and passing out Hamilton fliers — you'll get a few bites, but you're not reaching people who know and care about the Broadway musical. One of the many interactive game stats screens available in the Fox Sports Super Bowl LI VR experience. Image: Fox Sports vr Denying passionate VR lovers access to a huge VR event like the Super Bowl doesn't make any sense: Oculus users don't necessarily own or even want a low-end headset, plus they may or may not be on Android (the only phones that work with Gear VR or Daydream View). So the result is VR's most loyal users are cut out of the biggest thing happening in the medium. Who thought that was as good idea? Similarly, the premiere of 24: Legacy, which aired on the same network just after the Super Bowl, also had an incredibly well produced VR experience ("The Raid"). Yep. You guessed it. It's only available on the Gear VR.  A scene from 24 Legacy 'The Raid' on the Samsung Gear VR. Image: Samsung VR So, just to make sure you're keeping up, here's what VR users were presented with on Sunday: 1. The Fox Sports VR app is available on Oculus store for Gear VR, but not the Oculus store for Oculus Rift.  2. The 24 Legacy "The Raid" app is only available on Samsung VR app, but to get "that" app you must first download the mobile Oculus app. And no, you can't get any version of "The Raid" app on the Oculus store for the Oculus Rift.  Did you catch that? It's almost like a riddle. (In which the answer is: Do I actually care this much?) Not. Confusing. At. All.  And while this might seem like a one-off event, I've encountered this time and again over the past year when it comes to VR experiences. It seems in their rush to capitalize on the still mostly uncooked world of mobile VR, many major VR productions are simply bypassing high-end VR headset owners (including the Rift, HTC Vive and PlayStation VR) altogether.  Case in point: The NBA's VR production partner, NextVR, remains solely focused (for now) on mobile VR like the Gear VR and Google Daydream, instead of serving the needs of the most dedicated consumers who have invested the most in this emerging technology.  Who's to blame? "It's ultimately up to the developer in terms of what platforms they are building for, whether that be on Rift or Gear VR," an Oculus spokesperson said, after I asked about the uneven distribution of certain apps and experiences between the Gear VR and the Rift. "Often times, there are developers who choose to bring their apps to Gear VR first as it’s the more accessible option for a wider variety of people who may not be invested in the higher-end VR experience yet. Mobile is still the best entry into VR for a person who may not want a full PC setup just yet given it’s still a new technology." VR is still a fledgling technology that needs to lean on the users who support it the most fervently. That approach might make sense if your strategy is simply focused on capturing the most eyeballs possible by any means necessary, but VR is still a fledgling technology that needs to lean on the users who support it the most fervently. Instead, major VR productions are treating the medium as though it's just another app.  But it's not. VR is different.  Whether the experience is sports, gaming or social, VR demands more engagement from the user than any other software experience, and that experience has to be delivered in just the right way, with high quality, or you'll lose an otherwise enthusiastic future VR user.   The small team at Viacom NEXT (a VR-focused team within the broadcast giant) appears to understand this dynamic. Recently, I had the opportunity to experience the team's immersive music video "Chocolate," directed by Tyler Hurd, which premiered at Sundance in January. Rather than pumping the incredibly well-produced VR music video to as many people as possible on mobile VR platforms, the team is focusing (for now) on delivering it to the Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive in the coming months. A scene from the VR music video "Chocolate." Image: viacom next "It's a shortsighted decision to prioritize mobile VR," says Rob Ruffler, senior director at Viacom NEXT. "I think it's shortsighted because it's prioritizing the wrong things. The priority today in VR should not be, 'How many people can I get to view this thing, but how good is the experience for the people that do view it." If major VR studios are wondering why more people aren't already singing the praises of VR, I present to them at least one major clue: You guys are making things unnecessarily complicated by muddying the distribution waters and focusing on VR tourists (aka non-sticky mobile users) over dedicated, high-end VR users.  If you want to make mainstream VR successful, holster your greed and focus less on becoming the dominant platform early in the game and spend more time on making it easy to experience incredible VR content.  The new lesson of VR is an old one: content is (still) king…but only if you can find it.   BONUS: This VR paint studio allows you to collaborate live with anyone in the world Topics: 24: legacy, fox sports, fox sports vr, Gear VR, NBA, nextvr, Oculus, samsung gear vr, Super Bowl, Tech, virtual reality, VR About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Subscribe E-Newsletters Media File Contact Home Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Edition Subscribe E-Newsletters Mobile Apps Transportation Material Handling Technology Strategy DCV-TV Channel 1: News and Exclusives Channel 2: Video Case Histories Channel 3: Videocasts Channel 4: Viewer Contributed Channel 5: Product and Service Profiles Upload Your Video Blogs Resources E-Newsletters Mobile Apps White Papers New Products Conference Guides Conference Reports Events Industry Press Room Home > Strategy > Still fighting the omnichannel battle Strategy February 7, 2017 special report | Retail Trends Still fighting the omnichannel battle The pressing need to learn how to handle omnichannel fulfillment profitably is reshaping retailers' supply chain strategies, according to preliminary results of the 2017 "State of the Retail Supply Chain" study. By Toby Gooley Comment FIRST THE GOOD NEWS: U.S. holiday retail sales in 2016 were up more than 4 percent over sales during the same period in 2015. Now the bad news: That didn't seem to help retailers much. In December and January, several major chains announced or carried out layoffs and store closings, including Macy's, JC Penney, CVS, and The Limited (the last of which recently closed all of its mall stores). This comes on top of the 2016 demise of Sports Authority and store closing announcements by Sears, Kmart, Ralph Lauren, Office Depot, and others. Even Walmart is closing hundreds of stores. The economic, technological, and societal forces that have converged to create this industrywide upheaval are many and complex. Online shopping, changing consumer preferences, the explosive growth in the number of e-commerce competitors, the cost and operational challenges of omnichannel operations ... those are just a few of the factors affecting retailers' ability to survive and remain profitable. Some of the responsibility for minimizing or counteracting the resulting damage falls on the shoulders of supply chain managers. That is likely why respondents to the Retail Industry Leaders Association's (RILA) 7th annual "State of the Retail Supply Chain" survey said controlling supply chain costs would be their top strategic priority in 2017. The difference from year to year is striking. In 2016, "enhance customer service" was the top strategic priority, cited by 30 percent of respondents as their primary concern. This year, just 8 percent said that would be their primary focus in 2017. Instead, 42 percent of respondents said controlling supply chain costs would be their main strategic priority, up from 28 percent last year. Supporting revenue growth was second, with 31 percent (up from 22 percent in 2016), while balancing cost and service was third, at 19 percent, the same as last year. For the latest survey, professors Brian Gibson, Rafay Ishfaq, and Cliff Defee of Auburn University's Harbert College of Business polled RILA's members, DC Velocity's readers, and retailers that collaborate with the Auburn, Ala., university's Center for Supply Chain Innovation. To round out the picture, the research team conducted telephone interviews with retail supply chain executives. The study's final results will be released at RILA's 2017 Retail Supply Chain Conference in Orlando, Fla., in mid-February, but the preliminary findings discussed in this article provide useful insight into how retailers are managing their supply chains in an increasingly omnichannel world. THREE HOT TOPICS The survey's 60 or so respondents represent U.S. retailers of all sizes, with projected 2017 revenues ranging from below $1 billion to more than $10 billion. They are also well qualified to speak about supply chain strategy: About 33 percent hold director or vice president positions, and 50 percent classified themselves as managers. Respondents have 20 years of supply chain management experience on average. Each year, the study zeroes in on three "hot topics." This year, those topics were cross-channel integration, analytics, and cost control and recovery. All three are critically important at a time when retailers must be able to track, manage, and deploy inventory across an enterprise, regardless of location or sales channel, while responding to&mdashand often anticipating&mdashcustomers' preferences. Those mandates no doubt inform respondents' plans for supply chain-related investments in 2017. Compared with 2016 spending levels, 43 percent plan to increase their investments in supply chain process improvements, 37 percent plan to expand their omnichannel fulfillment capabilities, and 36 percent said they plan to upgrade their supply chain technology and software. Here are some highlights from the preliminary survey results as well as a sampling of the researchers' comments on those findings: Cross-channel integration. The survey asked about supply chain integration in the context of omnichannel retail. Just over a third of respondents said they are pursuing integration of online and store fulfillment activities, while 16 percent said they had already achieved that goal. Not everyone believes such integration is necessary, though: 24 percent said they would continue to keep online and store fulfillment separate. As for the degree of cross-channel integration achieved to date, respondents counted themselves most successful when it came to order fulfillment, with 50 percent saying they've already achieved complete integration and 39 percent saying they have partially integrated that function. One-third said they have completely integrated order management systems, inventory allocation, and order delivery across channels. It's telling that 44 percent currently have no cross-channel integration in returns processing, a costly and complex activity that's proving to be a thorn in retailers' sides. Why so much variation? "When people respond, they are drawing upon their area of expertise and how they see integration in their own functional areas," observes Ishfaq, an assistant professor and research fellow in supply chain management at the school. "Somebody on the warehousing side will have a different perspective than someone on the merchandise side." Respondents have ambitious goals for the future. When asked what level of integration they expect to achieve three years from now, 50 percent or more said they would achieve complete integration in demand planning, order management systems, inventory allocation, and order fulfillment. Interestingly, 60 percent said the same for returns management, signaling that this area will be getting a lot more attention than it has in the past. (See Exhibit 1 for a "now" and "three years from now" comparison.) None of that will be easy to achieve, cautions Gibson, who is a professor of supply chain management at Auburn and the study's leader. He calls the level of integration required for effective omnichannel operations "mind-boggling." The detailed work of implementation and obtaining visibility over inventory across channels is challenging, and groups that traditionally did not communicate much, such as supply chain and merchandising or store operations, must now collaborate very closely, he explains. Furthermore, retailers' approach to incentives and rewards can discourage decision-makers from taking a hit for the team, that is, taking on additional costs that may make their function's performance look subpar but will benefit the overall organization. Still, he adds, "the level of omnichannel integration compared to where we were when we first started the survey has vastly improved." Analytics. Respondents clearly see value in supply chain analytics, ranking "improving forecast accuracy" and "retaining current customers and sales" as the top benefits of developing such capabilities. Next on their list was "capture new customers and sales." It's notable that customer- and sales-related benefits ranked higher than such obviously supply chain-related benefits as optimizing inventory investments and improving order fill rates. That may reflect the influence of lessons learned from last year's strategic focus on customer service. Very few respondents consider their organizations to have advanced capabilities when it comes to the use of the four types of supply chain analytics: predictive (which are designed to project what will happen in the future), prescriptive (to establish forward-looking strategies and capabilities), descriptive (to evaluate current conditions), and diagnostic (to understand why results occurred). The majority said they have either "basic" or "intermediate" capability, while in each of the four categories, a little more than one-fourth said they have no capability at all. The areas where respondents currently make the most extensive use of analytics are inventory planning and allocation, and customer needs analysis. Only 18 percent said they use analytics extensively in their returns operations, an area many retailers are struggling to manage. Respondents were on the same page when it came to their assessment of what it takes to develop analytics capabilities. Ninety percent either agreed or strongly agreed that having an enterprisewide strategy is critical to success. Similarly, 86 percent agreed that effectively managing the volume and complexity of supply chain data is a major success factor, and 80 percent said the same about sharing data and analysis with supply chain partners. Three other high-ranking factors highlighted the human side of analytics: investing in analytics tools and talent (86 percent), executives understanding the benefits and limitations of analytics (85 percent), and hiring individuals with both supply chain and analytics expertise (80 percent). The human factor should not be underestimated. "Almost everybody we spoke to said they have a big issue with finding the right talent," Ishfaq says. "It's one thing to purchase software, but you need people to work the data you collect into actionable information. This is one of the underlying challenges that is a temporary impedance to the extensive use of business analytics across the supply chain." Cost control and recovery. Currently, 50 percent of respondents partially recover the costs of providing omnichannel fulfillment and delivery services, and another 40 percent of respondents recover none of those costs. Ten percent do not even measure omnichannel cost recovery. In fact, only 40 percent of respondents believe it's even possible to fully recover those costs—something no respondent has yet achieved. Furthermore, 95 percent of respondents said they expect the cost of their supply chain operations to increase in the near future, which could push the cost-recovery goal further out of reach. In a bid to at least partially recover costs, many respondents are imposing service fees or plan to do so in the future. For example, two-thirds currently charge for expedited service, and one-third impose delivery fees for small orders. Other types of fees are far less popular, and 50 percent or more said they have no plans to collect fees for in-store fulfillment, returns shipments and processing, or small orders. (Some respondents may have selected "no intention to use" because the scenario does not apply to their business.) Respondents were also asked to name the three most effective ways they could "monetize" or control retail supply chain costs. At the top of their weighted list was leveraging a single inventory pool across all channels, followed by encouraging customers to buy online and pick up orders in stores, having vendors directly fulfill orders, and charging delivery fees for all orders. But there are significant barriers to implementing cost-control steps, including an inability to measure and allocate costs, the variety of fulfillment options offered to customers, and competitors' willingness to absorb supply chain costs. At least 60 percent of respondents considered each of the situations cited to be either moderate or major barriers to controlling omnichannel costs. (See Exhibit 2.) Nevertheless, Gibson sees reason for optimism. Retailers are gaining a great deal of confidence in using analytics, and most understand the value of cross-channel integration, he says. But most supply chain organizations, he says, will struggle with omnichannel's biggest question: "How do we offset rising costs and make sure that as we take on additional supply chain costs, we're also driving revenue and profits? If you can answer that, you'll be in good shape," Gibson says. "If you can't answer that question, then you're going to be the next Limited or Sports Authority." Editor's note: The full results of the 7th annual "State of the Retail Supply Chain" survey will be available on the Retail Industry Leaders Association's website (www.rila.org) later this month. #Supply Chain Management #Management Theory & Practice #Business Management #Logistics About the Author Toby Gooley Senior Editor Before joining DC VELOCITY and its sister publication, CSCMP's Supply Chain Quarterly, where she serves as Editor, Toby Gooley spent 20 years at Logistics Management covering international trade and transportation as Senior Editor and Managing Editor. Prior to that she was an export traffic manager for 10 years. She holds a B.A. in Asian Studies from Cornell University. More articles by Toby Gooley Resources Mentioned In This Article Auburn University College of Business Retail Industry Leaders Association Related Articles Yusen Logistics acquires Transfreight Automotive Logistics Europe NFI extends its reach to Asia through joint venture B2BGateway and DM Fulfillment team up for omnichannel package Toyota opens corporate fitness center Logistics gives back More Videos » Strategy Videos Building a Great Transportation Strategy? Make Sure It Answers the What, Why and How Questions MHI – now and in the future. New MHI executive spearheading strategic reorganization Join the Discussion After you comment, click Post. If you're not already logged in, you will be asked to log in or register. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Want more articles like this? Get a FREE subscription to DC Velocity. Feedback: What did you think of this article? We'd like to hear from you. DC VELOCITY is committed to accuracy and clarity in the delivery of important and useful logistics and supply chain news and information. If you find anything in DC VELOCITY you feel is inaccurate or warrants further explanation, please ?Subject=Feedback - : Still fighting the omnichannel battle">contact Chief Editor David Maloney. All comments are eligible for publication in the letters section of DC VELOCITY magazine. Please include you name and the name of the company or organization your work for. Industry Press Room » Read the latest industry news from Flexspace | Storax, Dysart Creative, Kenandy, SPARX logistics, Rootstock Software, and more » More industry news » Submit your company's news Most Popular Articles 1. Pallet trucks look to the future 2. A razor-sharp strategy for distribution 3. Leaders of Teamsters freight division announce their retirements, union says 4. XPO closes purchase of Con-way; layoffs begin within Con-way system 5. Toyota acquires Bastian Solutions 6. Honeywell and Intel launch Internet of Things effort 7. For UPS, e-commerce has become the tail that wags the big dog 8. Amazon builds 21st robotic warehouse 9. YRC Freight eliminates management layer in re-organization of field operations 10. Radial challenges Amazon with expanded fulfillment service News from our sister publication Who is your supply chain hero? Hot growth predicted for cross-border e-commerce New index polls logistics managers to gauge U.S. economy's direction University of Michigan revamps SCM program, debuts Supply Chain Consulting Studio Global transport will find it hard to cut carbon emissions, report finds Home Subscribe News Feeds Archives E-Newsletters Advertising Customer Care Contact About Staff List Privacy Policy Site Map © Copyright 2017 DC Velocity, a publication of Agile Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Macy's, Kohl's, and J.C. Penney Had a Rough January All three department store chains reported disappointing holiday sales results, raising questions about the industry going forward. Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Feb 7, 2017 at 10:21AM What happened Shares of department store chains Macy's (NYSE:M), Kohl's (NYSE:KSS), and J.C. Penney (NYSE:JCP) tumbled in January, according to data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence, dropping 16.2%, 20%, and 20.2%, respectively. All three companies reported lackluster holiday sales results, featuring comparable-sales declines across the board and slashed profit guidance at Macy's and Kohl's. So what The department store industry has been in a funk for years, with total revenue slumping considerably over the past decade. Discounters like Wal-Mart, wholesale clubs like Costco, and online retailers like Amazon.com have all been taking their toll. The department store model of generating gross margin in the mid-30s and advertising heavily to drive store traffic is in genuine peril. Image source: Macy's. The holiday season has become an all-out promotional slugfest to attract foot traffic, and the department stores are losing the battle. Macy's reported a 2.1% decline in comparable sales during November and December, with weakness in handbags and watches hurting its results. The company pointed to changing consumer behavior as having a major impact on sales, and while its e-commerce business grew at a double-digit rate, it's not yet big enough to offset the poor performance of its stores. Macy's slashed its guidance for 2016 due to its poor performance during the holidays. The company now expects comparable sales to slump by around 3%, the low end of its previous guidance range. Adjusted EPS, previously expected between $3.15 and $3.40, is now expected to come in between $2.95 and $3.10. The same story played out at Kohl's. Despite efforts to manage inventory and avoid profit-killing markdowns, Kohl's holiday season was its worst in years. Comparable sales in November and December slumped 2.1%, down from a 0.4% increase during the same period in 2015. The company saw volatile sales throughout the holiday season, with weakness sandwiched between a strong Black Friday and week before Christmas. Kohl's also slashed its full-year guidance in response to its disappointing performance. Adjusted EPS is now expected to come in between $3.60 and $3.65, down from a previous guidance range of $3.80 to $4.00. Gross margin will be lower than anticipated due to the mix and timing of sales and a competitive promotional environment. J.C. Penney's results look best on the surface, but the company's sales are still so depressed that anything short of growth is a disaster. Comparable sales fell 0.8% during November and December for J.C. Penney, a number that would have been viewed as borderline-positive for either Macy's or Kohl's. But J.C. Penney is still unprofitable as is works to slowly recover from the steep sales decline it suffered in 2012, so declining holiday sales are a major problem. J.C. Penney still expects to produce EBITDA of around $1 billion during 2016, and it predicts to continue its recent streak of producing positive operating profit. But interest on its excessive debt load will erase that profit and then some. Now what Action is already being taken in response to the weak holiday results. Macy's announced on Jan. 4 that it plans to close 68 stores by mid-2017, with another 30 expected to be closed over the next few years. The company is also restructuring its operations, with plans to eliminate layers of management, cut non-payroll costs, and reduce its field infrastructure. As part of this effort, 6,200 jobs are expected to be eliminated. Macy's has also been selling some of its real estate, and that effort could intensify going forward as the company looks to unlock value. Rumors of a potential takeover bid from Hudson Bay, the owner of Saks Fifth Avenue, surfaced in February, pushing up the stock as a result. This erased a portion of January's drop, but the stock remains down considerably. J.C. Penney also plans to close some stores, although a concrete strategy hasn't been announced. While most J.C. Penney locations are now profitable, according to CEO Marvin Ellison, sales remain stubbornly low. Kohl's hasn't announced much of anything as a response to its poor holiday season, but store closings in 2017 wouldn't be a surprise. The number of department store locations is set to decline going forward as the industry struggles to compete. Macy's and Kohl's are both possible buyout candidates, with plenty of cash flow generation despite sluggish sales. J.C. Penney has a tougher challenge ahead, with the company still losing money and unable to keep its previous streak of sales growth alive. With the department store industry in turmoil, January's slump in the stock prices of these three companies may be just the beginning. Timothy Green has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Feb 7, 2017 at 10:21AM Consumer Goods Stocks Kohl's NYSE:KSS $42.04 down $0.06 (-0.14%) Macy's NYSE:M $31.99 down $0.38 (-1.17%) J.C. Penney NYSE:JCP $7.14 up $0.07 (0.99%) Read More 2 Retail Stocks That Could Lose You a Lot of Money Why Kohl's, Gartner, and Constellation Brands Slumped Today Macy's Stock Plunges on Weak Sales Forecast -- but Investors Are Overreacting Why Kohl's Corporation Stock Jumped 23% Last Month Why Shares of Macy's, J.C. Penney, and Dillard's Crashed in December Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Why Macy's, Kohl's, and J.C. Penney Had a Rough January @themotleyfool #stocks $KSS, $M, $JCP
Home News Local Indiana Crime Strange Entertainment News Politics Living Green Health Watch 18 US and World Traffic Newscast Live Stream Obituaries Weather Alerts Weather Blog 18 Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast WLFI Radar Weather Webcams Weather Pictures Sports High School College Frenzy Gold and Black LIVE Report It Photo Galleries Community W182TXT 18 Interviews Coats for Kids Golden Apple Eye on Kids Tools for School Community Calendar Contests Pet of the Week More The Exponent WLFI 18 TV Schedule WLFI Newscast Download our WLFI 18 apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Advertise with us Jobs at WLFI WATCH LIVE 43° F Clear Hi: 52° F Lo: 39° F 3 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Indiana Crime Strange Entertainment News Politics Living Green Health Watch 18 US and World Traffic Newscast Live Stream Obituaries Latest Headlines Poland’s PM suffered “nothing serious” in car crash Updated: 9 mins ago WARSAW, Poland (AP) — Poland’s Prime Minister Beata Szydlo is in stable condition and can carry out her government duties as “nothing seriou… Mexico gets Trump’s trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Updated: 9 mins ago WASHINGTON (AP) — When President Donald Trump rages about unfair trading practices, he usually directs his ire at China and Mexico. By compa… Protesters meet new education secretary as she visits school 3:12 am Trump says he might give travel ban a tweak or a makeover Updated: 9 mins ago Trump attacks on judiciary raise safety concerns for judges Updated: 9 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Weather Blog 18 Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast WLFI Radar Weather Webcams Weather Pictures Current Conditions 43° F Clear Feels Like: 43° F Wind: W 3 Humidity: 82% Dewpoint: 38° F Sunrise: 7:45 AM Sunset: 6:18 PM Lafayette Weather Forecast Radar Sports High School College Frenzy Gold and Black LIVE Report It Photo Galleries Community W182TXT 18 Interviews Coats for Kids Golden Apple Eye on Kids Tools for School Community Calendar Contests Pet of the Week More The Exponent WLFI 18 TV Schedule WLFI Newscast Download our WLFI 18 apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Advertise with us Jobs at WLFI WATCH LIVE Search for: Search the site 43° F Clear Hi: 52° F Lo: 39° F 80-year-old convicted child molester wanted by Lafayette police Kayla Sullivan Published: February 7, 2017, 10:56 am Updated: February 7, 2017, 10:52 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) This booking photo shows Teodoro Macias. (Photo Provided/Tippecanoe County Sheriff's Office) TIPPECANOE COUNTY, Ind. (WLFI) — Police are asking for your help finding Teodoro Macias, 80, after prosecutors said he failed to register as a sex offender. In March 2015, Lafayette police were called to the Wal-Mart on Veterans Memorial Parkway on Lafayette’s south side. A witness told police they saw Macias molesting an underage child inside a van in the store’s parking lot. They later found out the child was only 10 years old. Officers said Macias admitted he knew his actions were wrong. In October 2016, Macias was sentenced to two years and 38 days. But he already had 576 days of jail credit. He was supposed to be deported but was not. Therefore, Macias has been free in the Greater Lafayette community since his sentencing. When News 18 asked U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement why Macias was not deported, ICE responded: “On March 6, 2015, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) placed a detainer with the Tippecanoe County (Indiana) Jail on Teodoro Macias-Zamora, an 80-year-old Mexican national, following his arrest on local criminal charges. However, upon further review of his case, ICE exercised prosecutorial discretion due to Macias-Zamora’s advanced age and medical circumstances. ICE considers the merits and factors of each case, and routinely exercises prosecutorial discretion for health or other personal reasons.” Macias now faces a Level 6 felony charge of information of failure to register as a sex or violent offender. Anyone with information about Macias’ whereabouts is asked to contact the Lafayette Police Department at 765-807-1200 or use the anonymous WeTip Hotline at 800-78-CRIME. We will have more on this story tonight on News 18 at Five and Six. Share this: Email Print Twitter Facebook Google More Pinterest Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Fugitive Search: Teodoro Macias Local case uncovers why ICE allows felons back into the community Tippecanoe Co. man sentenced for child molesting Court docs: Child saved from car after parent found high, passed out Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Fugitive Search Fugitive Search: Teodoro Macias Fugitive Found: Jason Harrigan Fugitive Search: Joseph Johnson Fugitive Search: Jason Harrigan Fugitive Search: Donte Wesley Photo Galleries Photos: A look at presidential inaugurations Photos: Bridge over I-465 partially collapses Remembering those we’ve lost in 2016 Photos: Semi drives off interstate, into church Photos: White Co. Shop with a Cop Most Popular Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement wlfi.com © 2000-2017 Lafayette TV LLC. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Local Indiana Sports Living Green US and World Crime News 18 Live Stream Entertainment News More Report It Eye on Kids The Exponent Community Calendar Contests Pet of the Week Obituaries Weather Weather Alerts Weather Blog 18 Closings Current Conditions Forecast WLFI Radar Weather Webcams Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Complaints Child Programming Heartland TV Station About Us Contact Us Contests WLFI 18 TV Schedule WLFI Newscast Advertise with us Personalities WLFI on Facebook Text Alerts Email Alerts Employment Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 34° News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics Election Guide Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Watch Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Living Good News Momaha Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Inside Business Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Omaha 34° Omaha, NE (68102) Today Considerable cloudiness. High 53F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Cloudy during the evening followed by partly cloudy skies and gusty winds overnight. Low 32F. Winds NNW at 20 to 30 mph. Updated: February 10, 2017 @ 11:52 pm Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits Close 1 of 2 RYAN SODERLIN/THE WORLD-HERALD Mike Groene Mike Pate Millard board member calls education committee chairman's views ‘dangerous’ By Joe Dejka / World-Herald staff writer Joe Dejka Feb 8, 2017 Updated Feb 8, 2017 (…) +1  Mike Groene RYAN SODERLIN/THE WORLD-HERALD +1  Mike Pate A Millard school board member criticized the chairman of the Nebraska Legislature’s Education Committee on Monday, saying his views on education are “dangerous.” Board member Mike Pate said State Sen. Mike Groene’s “true colors” came out in a World-Herald article Sunday that focused on an exchange of emails the North Platte senator had with a public school defender two years ago. In the emails, Groene described teachers as “lazy” and “second rate.” Groene is unapologetic, saying the comments were taken out of context and were aimed at bad teachers. “If this is the type of leadership that we’ve got serving our state, and heading our Education Committee in Lincoln ... it just shows his ignorance toward what the real issues are,” Pate said. “And if he thinks he has all the answers, he’s wrong.” In the emails, Groene wrote that teachers keep their jobs only because of tenure, which protects teachers from being fired without just cause. “Ever since the cowardly draft dodgers of the sixties hid behind education deferments and infested our public education system, our public schools have weakened,” Groene wrote. Citizens need to reclaim education, he added, and if teachers don’t like it, “Walmart is hiring.” Groene has said that schools waste money on administrators and frills, and that parents, not teachers or special interests, should control education. Groene, contacted Monday night, said, “It’s a free country. He can say what he wants. And if he ever wants to come to Lincoln, I’ll visit with him.” Pate described himself as very fiscally conservative, “but I would never, ever make statements like this.” “I am truly very, very afraid of what is going to happen in Lincoln under Sen. Groene’s leadership as the education chair,” Pate said. “And I may be saying things that I shouldn’t be saying, but it’s got to be said.” The education chair holds significant influence over education bills and funding. Pate said he couldn’t sit idly by and allow him to make comments like that. Pate said he worries that public education will continue to be under attack this legislative session. “He is a dangerous person, and we need to make sure he sets the record straight,” Pate said. Millard board President Mike Kennedy said he wished Groene knew about the Millard Education Association’s willingness to work with the board. “I’m tired of people lumping groups together — for example, going after our unions. Some unions sometimes don’t do the right thing, but I’ll tell you what, there’s been no better partner for this board,” Kennedy said. “When we’ve had tight times, we’ve sat down at the bargaining table and worked well with them. And they have conceded some major points in order for us to keep cuts away from the classroom.” Kennedy said the district’s administrators are professionals who care about their profession and have advanced degrees. He suggested that if Groene wants to know about education, he should come talk to the Millard staff. He said the Millard board is one of the most conservative boards in the state. “Why are you attacking education as a whole?” Kennedy said. “We are the third from the bottom in the state on per-pupil spending. We have one of the leanest teacher-to-administrator ratios. I challenge him to find better. And we get results.” joe.dejka@owh.com, 402-444-1077 +1  Mike Groene RYAN SODERLIN/THE WORLD-HERALD +1  Mike Pate More information Fiscal conservative, proponent of school budget cuts leads Nebraska Legislature's Education Committee State Sen. Mike Groene, a 61-year-old salesman of agricultural equipment from North Platte, got his start as a critic of spending by his local school district. In 2006 he led a statewide petition drive to limit government spending that was opposed by the state’s teachers union, the Nebraska State Education Association, among others. New OPS board president,  vice president take over  at a time when district has big to-do list State ed board votes to oppose bills allowing for charter schools, vouchers; members can't agree on physical force bill Tags Politics Mike Pate Education Institutes Mike Groene Work Millard Education Association Mike Kennedy Teacher Chairman Board Member School Committee Joe Dejka Joe covers education for The World-Herald, focusing on pre-kindergarten through high school. Follow Joe Dejka Close Get email notifications on Joe Dejka daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Joe Dejka posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Joe Dejka Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Recommended for you Featured Businesses Occasion Designed P.O. Box 3312, Omaha, NE 68103 402-630-0672 The Fountains Ballroom & Vineyard 51496 230th St, Glenwood, IA 51534 712-526-2426 The Woodcliff Restaurant 980 County Road W, Fremont, NE 68025 402-721-2922 Embassy Suites Hotel & Ballroom | La Vista 12520 Westport Parkway, La Vista, NE 68128 402-331-7400 Currently Open Central States Indemnity 1212 N 96th St, Omaha, NE 68114 402-997-8000 Roof Brigade 3335 N 107th St, Omaha, NE 68164 402-213-3240 Currently Open loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations In Case You Missed It More than a dozen fun, unique ways to celebrate Valentine's Day with the family Take a peek inside 20 cool Nebraska homes Remembering Hermit Jim, Bellevue's social recluse who made his home near Fontenelle Forest Iowa haunted house ready for its close-up on TLC's 'Paranormal Lockdown' 'The Good Life': 50-plus things to do across Nebraska Omaha employers put muscle behind shared vision of midtown, including long-desired streetcar Lady Gaga announces Omaha show Public employee pay data: Area schools, Douglas and Sarpy Counties, City of Omaha, more Story of 344 people moving Nebraska barn in 1988 becomes children's book From the archives: Scroll through some of our neatest old photos Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion Obits ePaper Full site index Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Indiana's Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National Program The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards honors Carmel and Zionsville students with $1,000, medallions and trip to nation's capital Finalists also named in Huntertown, Sullivan, Angola, Boonville, Indianapolis and Granger News provided by Prudential Insurance Feb 07, 2017, 09:07 ET Share this article INDIANAPOLIS, Feb. 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Grace Zhang, 18, of Carmel and Tara Harmon, 14, of Zionsville today were named Indiana's top two youth volunteers of 2017 by The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards, a nationwide program honoring young people for outstanding acts of volunteerism. As State Honorees, Grace and Tara each will receive $1,000, an engraved silver medallion and an all-expense-paid trip in early May to Washington, D.C., where they will join the top two honorees from each of the other states and the District of Columbia for four days of national recognition events. During the trip, 10 students will be named America's top youth volunteers of 2017. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards, now in its 22nd year, is conducted by Prudential Financial in partnership with the National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP). Continue Reading The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards logo (PRNewsFoto/Prudential Insurance) These are Indiana's top youth volunteers of 2017: High School State Honoree: Grace Zhang Nominated by Carmel High School in Carmel Grace, a senior at Carmel High School, organized a one-day "street store" in Indianapolis last year that enabled more than 200 struggling families to obtain free, gently-used clothing. A couple of winters ago, Grace watched as a homeless man tripped on his baggy pants and fell to the sidewalk. "No one helped him," she said. "I watched as his dog licked the tears off his face." That sad image stuck with Grace and prompted her to begin researching organizations that help the poor. She came across Street Store, an international project started in South Africa to give the homeless and people in need a dignified shopping experience. After obtaining instructions and materials from the organization, Grace went to work. She enlisted the help of fellow students in her high school club, contacted local organizations that serve the poor, solicited clothing donations at schools and in the community, and lined up sponsors. The week before her event, Grace was devastated to learn that her beloved grandfather in China was dying. She had a choice: cancel the Street Store or risk never seeing him again. "I knew my grandfather wouldn't have wanted his illness to impede on charity for the homeless," she said. So she proceeded to set up her store, and welcomed needy shoppers to choose from among 16,000 articles of donated clothing. Sadly, Grace's grandfather died without hearing about her successful event. "But I saw my grandfather in every shopper," she said.  Middle Level State Honoree: Tara Harmon Nominated by Zionsville Community Schools in Whitestown Tara, an eighth-grader at Zionsville West Middle School, secured $4,000 in grants and donations over the past three years to provide weekend meals, healthy snacks and school uniforms for inner-city kids in her community. While walking around downtown Indianapolis with her family, Tara frequently encountered homeless people, and it broke her heart. But after seeing a homeless mother and son sleeping on the street, "I went home and thought long and hard," she said. With encouragement from her parents, Tara began researching ways to help. Through an online search, Tara identified an elementary school with a high rate of free and reduced-price lunches, and while visiting the school, learned about its desperate need for uniforms. She then sought a grant from the Indianapolis Colts and a donation from Walmart; the result was 200 new uniforms for the school. Tara also learned that without subsidized lunches at school, many students go hungry over the summer. She responded by securing another grant and more store donations, and used the money to provide 100 weekend meal packages to summer campers. To encourage healthy eating, Tara also planted a vegetable garden that yielded 600 pounds of produce for an inner-city summer camp. Tara estimates more than 500 kids in need have benefited from her activities. Distinguished Finalists The program judges also recognized six other Indiana students as Distinguished Finalists for their impressive community service activities. Each will receive an engraved bronze medallion. These are Indiana's Distinguished Finalists for 2017: Katherine Dorsey, 17, of Huntertown, Ind., a senior at Carroll High School, has given out more than 8,500 books to children in need, working with a number of community organizations to share the pleasure of reading with kids who may not have books of their own. Katherine collects books by visiting garage sales with her mom and asking for leftover books, and she further supported her efforts by securing a $500 grant and partnering with a half-price bookstore. Emily Greggs, 18, of Sullivan, Ind., a senior at Sullivan High School, organized "Run For Those Who Can't," a 5K run that raised $2,800 for the ALS Foundation and a scholarship named for her late uncle, who was diagnosed with ALS her freshman year. An active community volunteer, Emily has also co-chaired a high-heeled race for men that raised $2,000 for the Sullivan County Community Kitchen, and worked with her HOBY group to organize activities for children in need. Elayna Hasty, 15, of Angola, Ind., a freshman at Angola High School, leads "Girls Against Bullying (G.A.B.) Girls," a program she started at 9 years old to help its young participants feel strong and confident. Elayna, whose best friend was bullied so badly that she became home-schooled, was moved to develop a program with three main workshops: "Princess Within Me" for girls 5-8; "Stand Up and Speak Out" for boys and girls, and "Free to Be Uniquely Me," encouraging girls to stand together. Isabelle Hemenway, 13, of Boonville, Ind., a seventh-grader at Boonville Middle School, has mobilized her community to support several charitable causes through "Just a Girl on a Mission," an effort that's collected 700 books, 100 items for animal shelters and more. After being provided with a flimsy comb during a hospitalization, Isabelle put out a call for hair product donations for young patients, and when she was able to deliver 300 of them to the hospital's pediatric unit, she decided to make her collections a regular event. Rachel Kent, 17, of Indianapolis, Ind., a senior at Cathedral High School, runs a charitable business creating and selling friendship bracelets, and donating 100% of her proceeds to a charity helping people in developing countries and making an identical bracelet for a child served by the charity for every one she sells. Rachel has raised more than $1,000 through her "Knot Your Average Bracelets" shop on Etsy, and provided bracelets to children from India to Uganda. Phillip Yang, 18, of Granger, Ind., a senior at Culver Academies, is the head of the Culver Diversity Council promoting respect and inclusion on campus, and recently spent more than five months organizing a diversity day that brought the school community together for a day of celebration and unity. Phillip collaborated with the club advisor, peers and alumni to coordinate the event, which drew more than 800 students to a multicultural fair, student-facilitated workshops, a concert and more. "Prudential is honored to recognize these young volunteers for their exemplary service," said Prudential Chairman and CEO John Strangfeld. "We hope that their stories inspire others to consider how they, too, can volunteer their time and talents to improve their communities." "These service-minded young people have brought meaningful change to communities at home and abroad, and it's a privilege to celebrate their work," said JoAnn Bartoletti, executive director of NASSP. "Congratulations to an exceptional group of middle level and high school students." About The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards represents the United States' largest youth recognition program based solely on volunteer service. All public and private middle level and high schools in the country, as well as all Girl Scout councils, county 4-H organizations, American Red Cross chapters, YMCAs and HandsOn Network affiliates, were eligible to select a student or member for a local Prudential Spirit of Community Award. These Local Honorees were then reviewed by an independent judging panel, which selected State Honorees and Distinguished Finalists based on criteria including personal initiative, effort, impact and personal growth.  While in Washington, D.C., the 102 State Honorees – one middle level and one high school student from each state and the District of Columbia – will tour the capital's landmarks, meet top youth volunteers from other parts of the world, attend a gala awards ceremony at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History, and visit their congressional representatives on Capitol Hill. On May 8, 10 of the State Honorees – five middle level and five high school students – will be named America's top youth volunteers of 2017. These National Honorees will receive additional $5,000 awards, gold medallions, crystal trophies and $5,000 grants from The Prudential Foundation for nonprofit charitable organizations of their choice.    Since the program began in 1995, more than 115,000 young volunteers have been honored at the local, state and national level. The program also is conducted by Prudential subsidiaries in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Ireland, India, China and Brazil. In addition to granting its own awards, The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program also distributes President's Volunteer Service Awards to qualifying Local Honorees. For information on all of this year's Prudential Spirit of Community State Honorees and Distinguished Finalists, visit http://spirit.prudential.com or www.nassp.org/spirit. About NASSP The National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP) is the leading organization of and voice for middle level and high school principals, assistant principals, and school leaders from across the United States. The association connects and engages school leaders through advocacy, research, education, and student programs. NASSP advocates on behalf of all school leaders to ensure the success of each student and strengthens school leadership practices through the design and delivery of high quality professional learning experiences. Reflecting its long-standing commitment to student leadership development, NASSP administers the National Honor Society, National Junior Honor Society, National Elementary Honor Society, and National Association of Student Councils. For more information about NASSP, located in Reston, VA, visit www.nassp.org.   About Prudential Financial Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE: PRU), a financial services leader, has operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Prudential's diverse and talented employees are committed to helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth through a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. In the U.S., Prudential's iconic Rock symbol has stood for strength, stability, expertise and innovation for more than a century. For more information, please visit www.news.prudential.com. For Spirit of Community Awards program logo and medallion graphics, please visit https://spirit.prudential.com/resources/media To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/indianas-top-youth-volunteers-of-2017-selected-by-national-program-300401224.html SOURCE Prudential Insurance Related Links http://www.PRUDENTIAL.com Feb 07, 2017, 09:07 ET Preview: Oregon's Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National Program Feb 07, 2017, 09:07 ET Preview: Mississippi's Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National Program My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 07, 2017, 13:06 ETRhode Island's Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National... Feb 07, 2017, 09:07 ETIllinois' Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Insurance Awards Corporate Social Responsibility You just read: Indiana's Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National Program News provided by Prudential Insurance Feb 07, 2017, 09:07 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Louisiana's Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National Program The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards honors Ruston and Denham Springs students with $1,000, medallions and trip to nation's capital Finalists also named in Livonia, Woodworth, Coushatta and Loranger News provided by Prudential Insurance Feb 07, 2017, 09:07 ET Share this article BATON ROUGE, La., Feb. 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Anna Katherine Tollett, 16, of Ruston and Zach Morgan, 12, of Denham Springs today were named Louisiana's top two youth volunteers of 2017 by The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards, a nationwide program honoring young people for outstanding acts of volunteerism. As State Honorees, Anna Katherine and Zach each will receive $1,000, an engraved silver medallion and an all-expense-paid trip in early May to Washington, D.C., where they will join the top two honorees from each of the other states and the District of Columbia for four days of national recognition events. During the trip, 10 students will be named America's top youth volunteers of 2017. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards, now in its 22nd year, is conducted by Prudential Financial in partnership with the National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP). Continue Reading The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards logo (PRNewsFoto/Prudential Insurance) These are Louisiana's top youth volunteers of 2017: High School State Honoree: Anna Katherine Tollett Nominated by Cedar Creek School in Ruston Anna Katherine, a junior at Cedar Creek School, has worked tirelessly over the past eight years on behalf of kids who, like her, suffer from Type 1 diabetes, raising funds to find a cure, enhancing public awareness of the disease, campaigning for legal rights and protections for diabetic students, and providing support to newly-diagnosed children and their families. "When I was first diagnosed, the daily demands of managing this relentless disease combined with the often-misinformed public perception of diabetes left me feeling overwhelmed and alienated," said Anna Katherine. But "because of the support and guidance of family, friends and community, I became determined to reach out to those living with diabetes, and challenge the public perception of the disease." The day after she left the hospital, Anna Katherine participated in the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation's annual fundraising walk, and in subsequent years led a team of her own. With help from her father, she shot a 30-second public service announcement about diabetes, which won the top prize in a national contest and has been seen by more than 16,000 viewers. In 2012, Anna Katherine successfully lobbied her state legislature to make it easier for kids to manage their diabetes at school, and then took part in a lobbying effort in Washington, D.C., that secured millions of dollars for diabetes research. She also helped start a foundation that aids kids and their families immediately following a new diagnosis of Type 1 diabetes. Middle Level State Honoree: Zach Morgan Nominated by Live Oak Middle School in Denham Springs Zach, a sixth-grader at Live Oak Middle School, collected more than 5,000 hats and 2,000 toys for kids with cancer, and secured a grant to fund a week-long summer camp for children with the disease. It all started when Zach saw a TV commercial about childhood cancer. "I felt bad for kids who had cancer," he said. "I felt bad that it changed their childhood. I wanted to make them feel better." Since he already liked to collect baseball caps, Zach decided to begin collecting them for kids who lose their hair to chemotherapy. He received 250 new caps and hats in his first drive at a local Walmart store, and then threw a pizza party at a local children's hospital to hand them out. Subsequent drives have yielded thousands of additional hats, which have gone to kids across the country. "I have learned that even the smallest things – like a baseball cap – can put the biggest smile on a kid," said Zach. He also distributes toys through "Treasure Chests of Courage" that he has placed at several cancer treatment facilities. In addition, Zach has hosted events that have generated more than 1,000 pounds of food for students at local schools who have little to eat on weekends. Distinguished Finalists The program judges also recognized four other Louisiana students as Distinguished Finalists for their impressive community service activities. Each will receive an engraved bronze medallion. These are Louisiana's Distinguished Finalists for 2017: Nelson Gueho, 17, of Livonia, La., a senior at Catholic High School of Pointe Coupee, led a project to establish a food bank at a fire station in his town, an effort that involved constructing an 8x10x9-foot room, holding a food drive to fill it, and now working with his local chief of police to keep it stocked and maintained on an ongoing basis. The pantry Nelson constructed opened just in time to help people in need after a disastrous flood. Miranda Hawthorne, 17, of Woodworth, La., a senior at Holy Savior Menard Central High School, has collected more than 1,000 pounds of recyclables at her school through "Saving the World One Box at a Time," a program she created to combat waste. Moved to act after watching a teacher throw away a stack of PowerPoint printouts because she'd printed the wrong one, Miranda delivered recycling boxes to each classroom; she now gathers their contents and takes them to a local recycling plant on a weekly basis. Elizabeth Hughes, 14, of Coushatta, La., an eighth-grader at Red River Junior High School, has conducted various service activities to support senior citizens in her community including helping to build wheelchair ramps so they can move freely in and out of their homes, and helping out at a local nursing home three times a week over the summer. Elizabeth also works with her grandmother to visit the homes of local senior citizens. Macy Wells, 18, of Loranger, La., a senior at Hammond High Magnet School, joined her local fire department as a junior volunteer in May 2016, and since then has served more than 200 hours helping with water rescues, medical emergencies and traumas, including in the aftermath of a recent disastrous flood. Macy, a student in her school's medical magnet program who aspires to a career in sports medicine, has also volunteered on the sidelines at several games alongside her school's athletic trainer. "Prudential is honored to recognize these young volunteers for their exemplary service," said Prudential Chairman and CEO John Strangfeld. "We hope that their stories inspire others to consider how they, too, can volunteer their time and talents to improve their communities." "These service-minded young people have brought meaningful change to communities at home and abroad, and it's a privilege to celebrate their work," said JoAnn Bartoletti, executive director of NASSP. "Congratulations to an exceptional group of middle level and high school students." About The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards represents the United States' largest youth recognition program based solely on volunteer service. All public and private middle level and high schools in the country, as well as all Girl Scout councils, county 4-H organizations, American Red Cross chapters, YMCAs and HandsOn Network affiliates, were eligible to select a student or member for a local Prudential Spirit of Community Award. These Local Honorees were then reviewed by an independent judging panel, which selected State Honorees and Distinguished Finalists based on criteria including personal initiative, effort, impact and personal growth.  While in Washington, D.C., the 102 State Honorees – one middle level and one high school student from each state and the District of Columbia – will tour the capital's landmarks, meet top youth volunteers from other parts of the world, attend a gala awards ceremony at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History, and visit their congressional representatives on Capitol Hill. On May 8, 10 of the State Honorees – five middle level and five high school students – will be named America's top youth volunteers of 2017. These National Honorees will receive additional $5,000 awards, gold medallions, crystal trophies and $5,000 grants from The Prudential Foundation for nonprofit charitable organizations of their choice.    Since the program began in 1995, more than 115,000 young volunteers have been honored at the local, state and national level. The program also is conducted by Prudential subsidiaries in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Ireland, India, China and Brazil. In addition to granting its own awards, The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program also distributes President's Volunteer Service Awards to qualifying Local Honorees. For information on all of this year's Prudential Spirit of Community State Honorees and Distinguished Finalists, visit http://spirit.prudential.com or www.nassp.org/spirit. About NASSP The National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP) is the leading organization of and voice for middle level and high school principals, assistant principals, and school leaders from across the United States. The association connects and engages school leaders through advocacy, research, education, and student programs. NASSP advocates on behalf of all school leaders to ensure the success of each student and strengthens school leadership practices through the design and delivery of high quality professional learning experiences. Reflecting its long-standing commitment to student leadership development, NASSP administers the National Honor Society, National Junior Honor Society, National Elementary Honor Society, and National Association of Student Councils. For more information about NASSP, located in Reston, VA, visit www.nassp.org.   About Prudential Financial Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE: PRU), a financial services leader, has operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Prudential's diverse and talented employees are committed to helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth through a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. In the U.S., Prudential's iconic Rock symbol has stood for strength, stability, expertise and innovation for more than a century. For more information, please visit www.news.prudential.com. For Spirit of Community Awards program logo and medallion graphics, please visit https://spirit.prudential.com/resources/media To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/louisianas-top-youth-volunteers-of-2017-selected-by-national-program-300401220.html SOURCE Prudential Insurance Related Links http://www.PRUDENTIAL.com Feb 07, 2017, 09:07 ET Preview: South Carolina's Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National Program Feb 07, 2017, 09:07 ET Preview: Connecticut's Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National Program My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 07, 2017, 13:06 ETRhode Island's Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National... Feb 07, 2017, 09:07 ETIllinois' Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Insurance Awards Corporate Social Responsibility You just read: Louisiana's Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National Program News provided by Prudential Insurance Feb 07, 2017, 09:07 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
NorthEscambia.com News for Molino, Bratt, Walnut Hill McDavid, Century & Cantonment     Home News Events Features Blog Sports About Contact Advertise Free Classifieds | Obituaries | Latest Headlines Boyette Dead, Rice In Custody In Georgia Fourth Boyette Victim, A Beulah Mother Of Two, Has Passed Away Prison Inmate From Escambia (AL) County Escapes Triple Murderer’s Name, Social Media Causing Problems For Family, 60-Year Old Business IP Explosion Update: Info Center Cutting Hours Lawmakers Back Unanimous Juries In Death Cases Brick Sale Continues For Century High School Monument Free Sign Language Class Offered At Century Church Northview, Jay Lose In District 3-1A Basketball Tourney Triple Murderer Manhunt Won’t Close Escambia Schools Tuesday Boyette, Rice Still On The Run As Manhunt Continues February 7, 2017 UPDATE from 9 am Santa Rosa press conference: “Sooner or later, he is going to make a mistake, and when he does, we are going to pounce on him,” Santa Rosa County Sheriff Bob Johnson said during a morning press conference, adding that Boyette knows the woods in Beulah “like the back of his hand”.  K-9 units and helicopters are being used in the search. “The ending is up to him…if he decides he wants to come out with a a gun, we’ll put him down if we have to,” Johnson said. The U.S. Marshals area also involved in the manhunt and have called in additional marshals from across the country. No credible information that he is in Santa Rosa County, Johnson said. “He is a very violent and dangerous man,” State Attorney Bill Eddins said, referring to Boyette’s criminal history prior to the murders. Mary Barbara Craig Rice was spotted in a Crestview Walmart on February 2. They have least one gun and have purchased extra ammunition for it. PREVIOUS STORY: Day seven of a massive manhunt continued  Tuesday for  William “Billy” Eugene Boyette Jr., a suspect in three recent murders and Mary Barbara Craig Rice, now considered an accomplice. The Escambia County Sheriff’s Office has doubled the number of uniformed deputies on the streets, and the reward in the case has increased to $21,000. On Monday, Boyette allegedly shot Kayla Crocker during a home invasion robbery on Beulah Road. Her 2-year old in the house was unharmed. The couple stole her 2006 white Chevrolet Cobalt with Florida tag 9613BJ. The vehicle may have right passenger door damage and it has a skull and cross-bone sticker on the back window. Boyette and Rice then made a purchase at a local Shell station and then proceeded to get breakfast at Hardee’s. That vehicle has not been recovered. Rice has dyed her hair orange. Boyette did not exit the vehicle at the Shell or Hardees. “Once again our suspect is mobile,” Sheriff David Morgan said. “We have called in all of our available resources.” Boyette, 44, is a suspect in the shooting death of 30-year old Alicia Greer and 39-year old Jacqueline Moore in Milton at the Emerald Sands Inn on Tuesday and  52-year old Peggy Broz Friday morning in Lillian, AL. Law enforcement officers in multiple counties spent Sunday following up on alleged sightings of Boyette, but all turned out not to be him. He allegedly stole the victim’s car Friday in Lillian. That vehicle was found abandoned in Beulah Saturday morning on Nine Mile Road near the I-10 intersection, not far from Navy Federal. That led authorities to believe that he might  be in Escambia County where he has family ties. A K-9 search around the car turned up nothing. “I want to emphasize to the community that we are looking now, aggressively, for someone who is a killer in our community,” Escambia County Sheriff David Morgan said during a joint news conference Saturday afternoon. “Some are saying, ’sheriff, you’re scaring our community.’ I hope I am. If Mr. Boyette and his family are listening, I intend to aggressively pursue anyone that aids, abets or assists in any way in Mr. Boyette’s continued evasion of law enforcement,”  Morgan said. “We have reason to believe that he’s involved in three homicides to date. For God’s sake, let’s don’t make it four.” “I cannot overemphasize how dangerous this suspect is,” Morgan said. “Do not — I repeat, do not — in any way attempt to contact or have contact with Mr. Boyette. Get on your telephone and notify law enforcement. Citizens are not equipped to deal with this.” Anyone with information on Boyette’s whereabouts should call 911. Authorities said he is considered armed and dangerous and should not be approached. Comments 14 Responses to “Boyette, Rice Still On The Run As Manhunt Continues” Concern citizen on February 7th, 2017 4:30 pm My prayes goes out to each family that has lost love ones. My heart aches right now for all. Especially the young mother who was shot in front of her baby. WOW. I pray that he will stop this madness and turn hisself in. My prayers are also for his family. tiff on February 7th, 2017 4:14 pm Maybe god will strike him dead in this weather…. I pray for that!!! Karen on February 7th, 2017 4:06 pm yeah Beulah is home of meth people go there to live and never be seen it’s a close nit community. I’m with others living in the woods this long is not easy. molino jim on February 7th, 2017 4:06 pm For those who are so quick to come down on law enforcement and the court system please take the time to read why he was not locked away long ago, One victim did not show up for court and could not be found due to having warrants out for her. Others withdraw their complaints and on and on. The system can work if the victim will testify and not change their story. Other wise the court has to let the person go. It’s not a good system — but it’s what we have to live under some times. Steven Downing on February 7th, 2017 3:46 pm In the event these two are getting updates, maybe State Attorney Bill Eddings should offer up a deal to Mary Rice. You find a way to turn yourself in and testify against Billy, we won’t pursue the death penalty against you. That might encourage her to put a bullet in his head and end this fiasco. Steven Downing on February 7th, 2017 3:42 pm Here’s hoping that Billy and Mary are seeking shelter from the weather by hunkering down under the tallest pine tree in the forest…right before the lightning bolt strikes. mike on February 7th, 2017 3:41 pm What if a civilian shot & killed them both? Not a bounty hunter, mind you, just a regular citizen. Would they get the reward or a 2-count murder charge? Just curious. Bushcrafter on February 7th, 2017 2:07 pm It’s not nearly as easy stay hidden and fed in the woods as most people think, especially without plenty of skills or the correct tools. Based on what they are carrying them in the picture, and the rains coming down, I don’t expect them to stay there much longer. Beegee on February 7th, 2017 1:46 pm Please,my Father,let this come to an end…….Amen Bob on February 7th, 2017 1:39 pm Sheriff David Morgan said that he is known to use spice and stay up for 5-6 days no that sounds more like he use’s Meth. Hugh in Beulah on February 7th, 2017 1:31 pm This fool and his orangetang sidekick hasn’t met up with the right person. In yesterday’s trail cam photo > definitely a gun in his left hand. In her left hand it appeared to be a Mag flashlight and gallon of water. In her right hand it appeared to be a 2 way radio (long and slender). Too large for a cell phone and really didn’t look like a handgun. I can believe that his family/friends/drug dealers are keeping these two updated on the whereabouts of law enforcement. I called a neighbor today to speak with them about this news. Can you believe they didn’t know anything about it. Amazing how many people don’t watch the news, listen to radio or have a computer. Most people have Amber Alerts on their cell phones. Hopefully Law Enforcement could provide an alert to tell everyone about criminal events as heavy as this going on. Everyone be safe out there. Each person knows what they need to do to stay safe inside and outside their home. Rodney on February 7th, 2017 1:07 pm Bill Eddins said he is a very violent and dangerous man, using his criminal past as a guide. Had he never been released there would be families that are not hurting from the loss of their daughter, sister, mother or aunt. Law enforcement works their butts off to apprehend criminals and those in charge of the justice system release immature, ignorant abusers because they don’t want to violate the rights of convicted criminals. Here is a kudos to those in charge of our courts, you chose to let another one go and he has destroyed and taken lives, job well done as you spit in the face of victims, their families and our law enforcement officers. jeeperman on February 7th, 2017 11:24 am So the cops are waiting and wishing for him to make a mistake? nice. Remember, in an earlier article it was stated that there are several felony arrest warrants for him (for how long now?) and he was not picked up. tg on February 7th, 2017 11:20 am Mrs Rice has to be consumed by this man.She hauls the luggage buys the food and ammunition.She has no idea of the sound of crossfire. Name (required) Email Address (will not be published) (required) Website (enter your own site, if any; not northescambia.com) Your Comments: Have a comment on this story? We welcome your comments on this story, but there are some rules to follow:: (1) Be Nice. No comments that slander another, no racism, no sexism, no personal attacks. (2) No Harrassing Comments. If someone says something bad about you, don't respond. That's childish. (3) No Libel. That's saying something is not true about someone. Don't do it. (4) Keep it clean. Nothing vulgar, obscene or sexually related. No profanity or obvious substitutions. Period. (5) NorthEscambia.com reserves the right to remove any comments that violate our rules or we think to be inappropriate. We are not responsible for what is posted. Comments may not appear right away until they are approved by a moderator. (6) Limit your comments to the subject in this story only, and limit comments to 300 words or less. Do not post copyrighted material. Comments will not be added to stories that are over 30 days old. (7) No posts may advertise a commercial business or political group, or link to another commercial web site or political site of any kind. Written by William · Filed Under Archive    Copyright © 2007-2017 NorthEscambia.com · P.O. Box 105 · Walnut Hill, FL 32568 · All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Macy's, Kohl's, and J.C. Penney Had a Rough January All three department store chains reported disappointing holiday sales results, raising questions about the industry going forward. Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Feb 7, 2017 at 10:21AM What happened Shares of department store chains Macy's (NYSE:M), Kohl's (NYSE:KSS), and J.C. Penney (NYSE:JCP) tumbled in January, according to data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence, dropping 16.2%, 20%, and 20.2%, respectively. All three companies reported lackluster holiday sales results, featuring comparable-sales declines across the board and slashed profit guidance at Macy's and Kohl's. So what The department store industry has been in a funk for years, with total revenue slumping considerably over the past decade. Discounters like Wal-Mart, wholesale clubs like Costco, and online retailers like Amazon.com have all been taking their toll. The department store model of generating gross margin in the mid-30s and advertising heavily to drive store traffic is in genuine peril. Image source: Macy's. The holiday season has become an all-out promotional slugfest to attract foot traffic, and the department stores are losing the battle. Macy's reported a 2.1% decline in comparable sales during November and December, with weakness in handbags and watches hurting its results. The company pointed to changing consumer behavior as having a major impact on sales, and while its e-commerce business grew at a double-digit rate, it's not yet big enough to offset the poor performance of its stores. Macy's slashed its guidance for 2016 due to its poor performance during the holidays. The company now expects comparable sales to slump by around 3%, the low end of its previous guidance range. Adjusted EPS, previously expected between $3.15 and $3.40, is now expected to come in between $2.95 and $3.10. The same story played out at Kohl's. Despite efforts to manage inventory and avoid profit-killing markdowns, Kohl's holiday season was its worst in years. Comparable sales in November and December slumped 2.1%, down from a 0.4% increase during the same period in 2015. The company saw volatile sales throughout the holiday season, with weakness sandwiched between a strong Black Friday and week before Christmas. Kohl's also slashed its full-year guidance in response to its disappointing performance. Adjusted EPS is now expected to come in between $3.60 and $3.65, down from a previous guidance range of $3.80 to $4.00. Gross margin will be lower than anticipated due to the mix and timing of sales and a competitive promotional environment. J.C. Penney's results look best on the surface, but the company's sales are still so depressed that anything short of growth is a disaster. Comparable sales fell 0.8% during November and December for J.C. Penney, a number that would have been viewed as borderline-positive for either Macy's or Kohl's. But J.C. Penney is still unprofitable as is works to slowly recover from the steep sales decline it suffered in 2012, so declining holiday sales are a major problem. J.C. Penney still expects to produce EBITDA of around $1 billion during 2016, and it predicts to continue its recent streak of producing positive operating profit. But interest on its excessive debt load will erase that profit and then some. Now what Action is already being taken in response to the weak holiday results. Macy's announced on Jan. 4 that it plans to close 68 stores by mid-2017, with another 30 expected to be closed over the next few years. The company is also restructuring its operations, with plans to eliminate layers of management, cut non-payroll costs, and reduce its field infrastructure. As part of this effort, 6,200 jobs are expected to be eliminated. Macy's has also been selling some of its real estate, and that effort could intensify going forward as the company looks to unlock value. Rumors of a potential takeover bid from Hudson Bay, the owner of Saks Fifth Avenue, surfaced in February, pushing up the stock as a result. This erased a portion of January's drop, but the stock remains down considerably. J.C. Penney also plans to close some stores, although a concrete strategy hasn't been announced. While most J.C. Penney locations are now profitable, according to CEO Marvin Ellison, sales remain stubbornly low. Kohl's hasn't announced much of anything as a response to its poor holiday season, but store closings in 2017 wouldn't be a surprise. The number of department store locations is set to decline going forward as the industry struggles to compete. Macy's and Kohl's are both possible buyout candidates, with plenty of cash flow generation despite sluggish sales. J.C. Penney has a tougher challenge ahead, with the company still losing money and unable to keep its previous streak of sales growth alive. With the department store industry in turmoil, January's slump in the stock prices of these three companies may be just the beginning. Timothy Green has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Feb 7, 2017 at 10:21AM Consumer Goods Stocks Kohl's NYSE:KSS $42.04 down $0.06 (-0.14%) Macy's NYSE:M $31.99 down $0.38 (-1.17%) J.C. Penney NYSE:JCP $7.14 up $0.07 (0.99%) Read More 2 Retail Stocks That Could Lose You a Lot of Money Why Kohl's, Gartner, and Constellation Brands Slumped Today Macy's Stock Plunges on Weak Sales Forecast -- but Investors Are Overreacting Why Kohl's Corporation Stock Jumped 23% Last Month Why Shares of Macy's, J.C. Penney, and Dillard's Crashed in December Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Why Macy's, Kohl's, and J.C. Penney Had a Rough January @themotleyfool #stocks $KSS, $M, $JCP
MENU HOME SEARCH ABOUT Organization Public Affairs References NEWS Army Worldwide Press Releases STAND-TO! Army Live Blog MEDIA Photos Videos Publication LEADERS Secretary Under Secretary Chief of Staff Vice Chief of Staff Sergeant Major of the Army FEATURES Valor Events Heritage Army 101 Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Google+ Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram ARMY A-Z SOCIAL MEDIA AKO CONTACT US JOIN FAQS New York National Guard Civil Support Team training State Police in confined area operations By Master Sgt. Raymond DrumstaFebruary 7, 2017 Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email 1 / 4 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Spc. Joshua Slish (left), and Staff Sgt. Joshua Spagnola (right) of the New York National Guard's 2nd Civil Support Team, and New York State Police Contaminated Crime Scene Emergency Response Team (CCSERT) member Kerra Burns (middle), work with a complex rope system during confined-space search-and-rescue training at the Watervliet Arsenal in Watervliet, N.Y. on Jan. 31. (Photo Credit: Master Sgt. Raymond Drumsta) VIEW ORIGINAL 2 / 4 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Staff Sgt. Joshua Spagnola (left) and Spc. Joshua Slish (right) of the New York National Guard's 2nd Civil Support Team, guide New York State Police Contaminated Crime Scene Emergency Response Team (CCSERT) member Kerra Burns (middle) as she descends via a complex rope system during confined-space search-and-rescue training at the Watervliet Arsenal in Watervliet, N.Y. on Jan. 31. (Photo Credit: Master Sgt. Raymond Drumsta) VIEW ORIGINAL 3 / 4 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Spc. Joshua Slish of the New York National Guard's 2nd Civil Support Team (left) and New York State Police Contaminated Crime Scene Emergency Response Team (CCSERT) member Kerra Burns (right), watch as CCSERT member Sgt. Michael Lewis ascends (center) using a complex rope system during confined-space search-and-rescue training at the Watervliet Arsenal in Watervliet, N.Y. on Jan. 31. (Photo Credit: Master Sgt. Raymond Drumsta) VIEW ORIGINAL 4 / 4 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Staff Sgt. Joshua Spagnola of the New York National Guard's 2nd Civil Support Team (right) guides New York State Police Contaminated Crime Scene Emergency Response Team (CCSERT) member Investigator Brian Kenney (left) as he descends via a complex rope system during confined-space search-and-rescue training at the Watervliet Arsenal in Watervliet, N.Y. on Jan. 31. (Photo Credit: Master Sgt. Raymond Drumsta) VIEW ORIGINAL WATERVLIET, N.Y. -- Members of the New York National Guard's 2nd Civil Support Team shared their expertise in working in tight, cramped places with New York State Police investigators during several days of training that kicked off at the Army's Watervliet Arsenal, here, on Jan. 31. Over several days in a classroom and one of the arsenal's factory buildings, CST troops trained New York State Police Contaminated Crime Scene Emergency Response Team (CCSERT) members how to safely enter confined spaces. The 2nd CST, which is based at Stratton Air National Guard Base, is trained to identify chemical, biological, and radiological agents and advise first-responders on how to deal with these materials. "We work in concert with each other," said Capt. Christopher Giebel the team operations officer. "Their job is to get the evidence, our job is to get the samples." The team is also trained to perform this mission in all kinds of areas, including confined spaces such as grain silos, sewer systems, tunnels, old mine shafts, and collapsed buildings, team members explained. The New York State troopers asked for training in confined area missions because of an incident which occurred in August 2016, explained Technical Sgt. Robert Grace, the New York State Police CCSERT coordinator. CCSERT members were called upon to investigate a methamphetamine lab that was discovered in a long sewer tunnel that ran under a Walmart Parking lot in Amherst, N.Y., Grace recalled. Confined Space Awareness is part of their Mission Essential Task List, he said, and meth labs are an explosive, fire and contamination hazard. "Because of that lab, I wanted to make sure all the teams got some training in Confined Space Awareness," Grace said. "For some of our members, it's the first time doing any type of rope-rescue." Most of that training took place in a vertical shaft at the Arsenal, and involved teaching the CCSERT members how to set up and use a tripod and complex system of ropes and pulleys to enter a confined space. The 200-year old Watervliet Arsenal is the Army's only plant that produces cannons, mortars, and tank guns. To simulate a confined space, the CST and CCSERT members used a vertical shaft and steel platforms that are built into it. The CST troops and CCSERT members assembled the tripod and rope system over an opening in the top platform, then the CCSERT members donned safety harnesses and took turns being lowered and raised in and out of the simulated confined space. The rope system is integral to confined-space rescues, said Sgt. 1st Class Brandon Willit, the 2nd CST reconnaissance NCO, and a Voorheesville, N.Y. resident. It gives rescuers what's known as a "mechanical advantage" or leverage, he explained. Every turn of the rope thru a pulley multiples that leverage, reducing the amount of effort needed to pull weight, Willit said. Without the rope system, confined space rescues would be "almost impossible," he stressed. Spc. Joshua Slish, a 2nd CST member and resident of Colonie, N.Y., said he had fun conducting the training with the CCSERT members. "This is something I enjoy, very hands on," he said. "It gets you out of the classroom." Sharing skills and techniques also builds interoperability and understanding between agencies, Willit and Slish said. Among the agencies, for example, there are many different standard operating procedures for confined-space search-and-rescue, Willit explained. "None of them are wrong, they're just a different way of accomplishing the mission," he said. "It's just a matter of getting everyone on the same page. At the end of the day, we all want to accomplish the mission." In the coming weeks, the 2nd CST will be training about a half-dozen groups of CCSERT members in the Syracuse and Buffalo areas, Giebel said. "It promotes continuity with the two agencies," Giebel said. "It's a good relationship-builder." RELATED STORIES January 24, 20172nd Cavalry Regiment Command Video January 26, 2017U.S. Army Europe welcomes second multinational chief of staff January 9, 2017Kentucky's CBRNE train with 41st CST to sharpen skills January 12, 2017U.S. Army to Host Second Software-Related Forum January 20, 2017Operations officer leads space Soldiers January 26, 2017Civil Support Teams assisted interagency partners during the 58th Presidential Inauguration February 6, 2017Warriors sharpen planning skills and unify diverse team during LTP February 5, 2017Convoy live fire training enhances 3-2 GSAB Soldier tactical skills January 25, 2017Eighth Army conducts a combined tactical discussion and tour of Camp Humphreys February 4, 2017Paratroopers, Lithuanian soldiers navigate shoot house January 26, 2017Kentucky Guard MEDEVAC trains for water rescue January 26, 2017Month raises awareness of cervical cancer January 19, 2017Developing teamwork in BCT at Fort Leonard Wood January 31, 2017Falcon Paratroopers Settle In At Qayyarah West February 1, 2017Army Medicine Ambassadors Teach Anatomy and Help Students Apply to College December 21, 20162nd Infantry Division creates "Living Insignia" Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Google+ Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram Home Contact Us Privacy Terms Of Use Accessibility/Section 508 FOIA Social Sharing Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Louisiana’s Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National Program BATON ROUGE, La., Feb. 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Anna Katherine Tollett, 16, of Ruston and Zach Morgan, 12, of Denham Springs today were named Louisiana’s top two youth volunteers of 2017 by The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards, a nationwide program honoring young people for outstanding acts of volunteerism. As State Honorees, Anna Katherine and Zach each will receive $1,000, an engraved silver medallion and an all-expense-paid trip in early May to Washington, D.C., where they will join the top two honorees from each of the other states and the District of Columbia for four days of national recognition events. During the trip, 10 students will be named America’s top youth volunteers of 2017. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards, now in its 22nd year, is conducted by Prudential Financial in partnership with the National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP). These are Louisiana’s top youth volunteers of 2017: Anna Katherine, a junior at Cedar Creek School, has worked tirelessly over the past eight years on behalf of kids who, like her, suffer from Type 1 diabetes, raising funds to find a cure, enhancing public awareness of the disease, campaigning for legal rights and protections for diabetic students, and providing support to newly-diagnosed children and their families. „When I was first diagnosed, the daily demands of managing this relentless disease combined with the often-misinformed public perception of diabetes left me feeling overwhelmed and alienated,” said Anna Katherine. But „because of the support and guidance of family, friends and community, I became determined to reach out to those living with diabetes, and challenge the public perception of the disease.” The day after she left the hospital, Anna Katherine participated in the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation’s annual fundraising walk, and in subsequent years led a team of her own. With help from her father, she shot a 30-second public service announcement about diabetes, which won the top prize in a national contest and has been seen by more than 16,000 viewers. In 2012, Anna Katherine successfully lobbied her state legislature to make it easier for kids to manage their diabetes at school, and then took part in a lobbying effort in Washington, D.C., that secured millions of dollars for diabetes research. She also helped start a foundation that aids kids and their families immediately following a new diagnosis of Type 1 diabetes. Zach, a sixth-grader at Live Oak Middle School, collected more than 5,000 hats and 2,000 toys for kids with cancer, and secured a grant to fund a week-long summer camp for children with the disease. It all started when Zach saw a TV commercial about childhood cancer. „I felt bad for kids who had cancer,” he said. „I felt bad that it changed their childhood. I wanted to make them feel better.” Since he already liked to collect baseball caps, Zach decided to begin collecting them for kids who lose their hair to chemotherapy. He received 250 new caps and hats in his first drive at a local Walmart store, and then threw a pizza party at a local children’s hospital to hand them out. Subsequent drives have yielded thousands of additional hats, which have gone to kids across the country. „I have learned that even the smallest things – like a baseball cap – can put the biggest smile on a kid,” said Zach. He also distributes toys through „Treasure Chests of Courage” that he has placed at several cancer treatment facilities. In addition, Zach has hosted events that have generated more than 1,000 pounds of food for students at local schools who have little to eat on weekends. The program judges also recognized four other Louisiana students as Distinguished Finalists for their impressive community service activities. Each will receive an engraved bronze medallion. These are Louisiana’s Distinguished Finalists for 2017: Nelson Gueho, 17, of Livonia, La., a senior at Catholic High School of Pointe Coupee, led a project to establish a food bank at a fire station in his town, an effort that involved constructing an 8x10x9-foot room, holding a food drive to fill it, and now working with his local chief of police to keep it stocked and maintained on an ongoing basis. The pantry Nelson constructed opened just in time to help people in need after a disastrous flood. Miranda Hawthorne, 17, of Woodworth, La., a senior at Holy Savior Menard Central High School, has collected more than 1,000 pounds of recyclables at her school through „Saving the World One Box at a Time,” a program she created to combat waste. Moved to act after watching a teacher throw away a stack of PowerPoint printouts because she’d printed the wrong one, Miranda delivered recycling boxes to each classroom; she now gathers their contents and takes them to a local recycling plant on a weekly basis. Elizabeth Hughes, 14, of Coushatta, La., an eighth-grader at Red River Junior High School, has conducted various service activities to support senior citizens in her community including helping to build wheelchair ramps so they can move freely in and out of their homes, and helping out at a local nursing home three times a week over the summer. Elizabeth also works with her grandmother to visit the homes of local senior citizens. Macy Wells, 18, of Loranger, La., a senior at Hammond High Magnet School, joined her local fire department as a junior volunteer in May 2016, and since then has served more than 200 hours helping with water rescues, medical emergencies and traumas, including in the aftermath of a recent disastrous flood. Macy, a student in her school’s medical magnet program who aspires to a career in sports medicine, has also volunteered on the sidelines at several games alongside her school’s athletic trainer. „Prudential is honored to recognize these young volunteers for their exemplary service,” said Prudential Chairman and CEO John Strangfeld. „We hope that their stories inspire others to consider how they, too, can volunteer their time and talents to improve their communities.” „These service-minded young people have brought meaningful change to communities at home and abroad, and it’s a privilege to celebrate their work,” said JoAnn Bartoletti, executive director of NASSP. „Congratulations to an exceptional group of middle level and high school students.” The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards represents the United States’ largest youth recognition program based solely on volunteer service. All public and private middle level and high schools in the country, as well as all Girl Scout councils, county 4-H organizations, American Red Cross chapters, YMCAs and HandsOn Network affiliates, were eligible to select a student or member for a local Prudential Spirit of Community Award. These Local Honorees were then reviewed by an independent judging panel, which selected State Honorees and Distinguished Finalists based on criteria including personal initiative, effort, impact and personal growth.  While in Washington, D.C., the 102 State Honorees – one middle level and one high school student from each state and the District of Columbia – will tour the capital’s landmarks, meet top youth volunteers from other parts of the world, attend a gala awards ceremony at the Smithsonian’s National Museum of Natural History, and visit their congressional representatives on Capitol Hill. On May 8, 10 of the State Honorees – five middle level and five high school students – will be named America’s top youth volunteers of 2017. These National Honorees will receive additional $5,000 awards, gold medallions, crystal trophies and $5,000 grants from The Prudential Foundation for nonprofit charitable organizations of their choice.    Since the program began in 1995, more than 115,000 young volunteers have been honored at the local, state and national level. The program also is conducted by Prudential subsidiaries in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Ireland, India, China and Brazil. In addition to granting its own awards, The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program also distributes President’s Volunteer Service Awards to qualifying Local Honorees. For information on all of this year’s Prudential Spirit of Community State Honorees and Distinguished Finalists, visit http://spirit.prudential.com or www.nassp.org/spirit. The National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP) is the leading organization of and voice for middle level and high school principals, assistant principals, and school leaders from across the United States. The association connects and engages school leaders through advocacy, research, education, and student programs. NASSP advocates on behalf of all school leaders to ensure the success of each student and strengthens school leadership practices through the design and delivery of high quality professional learning experiences. Reflecting its long-standing commitment to student leadership development, NASSP administers the National Honor Society, National Junior Honor Society, National Elementary Honor Society, and National Association of Student Councils. For more information about NASSP, located in Reston, VA, visit www.nassp.org.   Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE: PRU), a financial services leader, has operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Prudential’s diverse and talented employees are committed to helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth through a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. In the U.S., Prudential’s iconic Rock symbol has stood for strength, stability, expertise and innovation for more than a century. For more information, please visit www.news.prudential.com. SOURCE Prudential Insurance CategoriesUncategorized TagsAthletics, Awards, Baseball, camp, Children, College Baseball, combat, Corporate Social Responsibility, Education, fire, Food and Beverage, High School Sports, Home and Garden, honor, hospital, Legal, lose, private, service, shot, Sports, TV, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Barneys New York Foundation Launches „We Will Be” Women’s Empowerment Windows For Fashion Week Next PostNext Matik, Inc. Hires David Netz as Sales Manager for Converting Products Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Indiana’s Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National Program INDIANAPOLIS, Feb. 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Grace Zhang, 18, of Carmel and Tara Harmon, 14, of Zionsville today were named Indiana’s top two youth volunteers of 2017 by The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards, a nationwide program honoring young people for outstanding acts of volunteerism. As State Honorees, Grace and Tara each will receive $1,000, an engraved silver medallion and an all-expense-paid trip in early May to Washington, D.C., where they will join the top two honorees from each of the other states and the District of Columbia for four days of national recognition events. During the trip, 10 students will be named America’s top youth volunteers of 2017. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards, now in its 22nd year, is conducted by Prudential Financial in partnership with the National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP). These are Indiana’s top youth volunteers of 2017: Grace, a senior at Carmel High School, organized a one-day „street store” in Indianapolis last year that enabled more than 200 struggling families to obtain free, gently-used clothing. A couple of winters ago, Grace watched as a homeless man tripped on his baggy pants and fell to the sidewalk. „No one helped him,” she said. „I watched as his dog licked the tears off his face.” That sad image stuck with Grace and prompted her to begin researching organizations that help the poor. She came across Street Store, an international project started in South Africa to give the homeless and people in need a dignified shopping experience. After obtaining instructions and materials from the organization, Grace went to work. She enlisted the help of fellow students in her high school club, contacted local organizations that serve the poor, solicited clothing donations at schools and in the community, and lined up sponsors. The week before her event, Grace was devastated to learn that her beloved grandfather in China was dying. She had a choice: cancel the Street Store or risk never seeing him again. „I knew my grandfather wouldn’t have wanted his illness to impede on charity for the homeless,” she said. So she proceeded to set up her store, and welcomed needy shoppers to choose from among 16,000 articles of donated clothing. Sadly, Grace’s grandfather died without hearing about her successful event. „But I saw my grandfather in every shopper,” she said. Tara, an eighth-grader at Zionsville West Middle School, secured $4,000 in grants and donations over the past three years to provide weekend meals, healthy snacks and school uniforms for inner-city kids in her community. While walking around downtown Indianapolis with her family, Tara frequently encountered homeless people, and it broke her heart. But after seeing a homeless mother and son sleeping on the street, „I went home and thought long and hard,” she said. With encouragement from her parents, Tara began researching ways to help. Through an online search, Tara identified an elementary school with a high rate of free and reduced-price lunches, and while visiting the school, learned about its desperate need for uniforms. She then sought a grant from the Indianapolis Colts and a donation from Walmart; the result was 200 new uniforms for the school. Tara also learned that without subsidized lunches at school, many students go hungry over the summer. She responded by securing another grant and more store donations, and used the money to provide 100 weekend meal packages to summer campers. To encourage healthy eating, Tara also planted a vegetable garden that yielded 600 pounds of produce for an inner-city summer camp. Tara estimates more than 500 kids in need have benefited from her activities. The program judges also recognized six other Indiana students as Distinguished Finalists for their impressive community service activities. Each will receive an engraved bronze medallion. These are Indiana’s Distinguished Finalists for 2017: Katherine Dorsey, 17, of Huntertown, Ind., a senior at Carroll High School, has given out more than 8,500 books to children in need, working with a number of community organizations to share the pleasure of reading with kids who may not have books of their own. Katherine collects books by visiting garage sales with her mom and asking for leftover books, and she further supported her efforts by securing a $500 grant and partnering with a half-price bookstore. Emily Greggs, 18, of Sullivan, Ind., a senior at Sullivan High School, organized „Run For Those Who Can’t,” a 5K run that raised $2,800 for the ALS Foundation and a scholarship named for her late uncle, who was diagnosed with ALS her freshman year. An active community volunteer, Emily has also co-chaired a high-heeled race for men that raised $2,000 for the Sullivan County Community Kitchen, and worked with her HOBY group to organize activities for children in need. Elayna Hasty, 15, of Angola, Ind., a freshman at Angola High School, leads „Girls Against Bullying (G.A.B.) Girls,” a program she started at 9 years old to help its young participants feel strong and confident. Elayna, whose best friend was bullied so badly that she became home-schooled, was moved to develop a program with three main workshops: „Princess Within Me” for girls 5-8; „Stand Up and Speak Out” for boys and girls, and „Free to Be Uniquely Me,” encouraging girls to stand together. Isabelle Hemenway, 13, of Boonville, Ind., a seventh-grader at Boonville Middle School, has mobilized her community to support several charitable causes through „Just a Girl on a Mission,” an effort that’s collected 700 books, 100 items for animal shelters and more. After being provided with a flimsy comb during a hospitalization, Isabelle put out a call for hair product donations for young patients, and when she was able to deliver 300 of them to the hospital’s pediatric unit, she decided to make her collections a regular event. Rachel Kent, 17, of Indianapolis, Ind., a senior at Cathedral High School, runs a charitable business creating and selling friendship bracelets, and donating 100% of her proceeds to a charity helping people in developing countries and making an identical bracelet for a child served by the charity for every one she sells. Rachel has raised more than $1,000 through her „Knot Your Average Bracelets” shop on Etsy, and provided bracelets to children from India to Uganda. Phillip Yang, 18, of Granger, Ind., a senior at Culver Academies, is the head of the Culver Diversity Council promoting respect and inclusion on campus, and recently spent more than five months organizing a diversity day that brought the school community together for a day of celebration and unity. Phillip collaborated with the club advisor, peers and alumni to coordinate the event, which drew more than 800 students to a multicultural fair, student-facilitated workshops, a concert and more. „Prudential is honored to recognize these young volunteers for their exemplary service,” said Prudential Chairman and CEO John Strangfeld. „We hope that their stories inspire others to consider how they, too, can volunteer their time and talents to improve their communities.” „These service-minded young people have brought meaningful change to communities at home and abroad, and it’s a privilege to celebrate their work,” said JoAnn Bartoletti, executive director of NASSP. „Congratulations to an exceptional group of middle level and high school students.” The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards represents the United States’ largest youth recognition program based solely on volunteer service. All public and private middle level and high schools in the country, as well as all Girl Scout councils, county 4-H organizations, American Red Cross chapters, YMCAs and HandsOn Network affiliates, were eligible to select a student or member for a local Prudential Spirit of Community Award. These Local Honorees were then reviewed by an independent judging panel, which selected State Honorees and Distinguished Finalists based on criteria including personal initiative, effort, impact and personal growth.  While in Washington, D.C., the 102 State Honorees – one middle level and one high school student from each state and the District of Columbia – will tour the capital’s landmarks, meet top youth volunteers from other parts of the world, attend a gala awards ceremony at the Smithsonian’s National Museum of Natural History, and visit their congressional representatives on Capitol Hill. On May 8, 10 of the State Honorees – five middle level and five high school students – will be named America’s top youth volunteers of 2017. These National Honorees will receive additional $5,000 awards, gold medallions, crystal trophies and $5,000 grants from The Prudential Foundation for nonprofit charitable organizations of their choice.    Since the program began in 1995, more than 115,000 young volunteers have been honored at the local, state and national level. The program also is conducted by Prudential subsidiaries in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Ireland, India, China and Brazil. In addition to granting its own awards, The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program also distributes President’s Volunteer Service Awards to qualifying Local Honorees. For information on all of this year’s Prudential Spirit of Community State Honorees and Distinguished Finalists, visit http://spirit.prudential.com or www.nassp.org/spirit. The National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP) is the leading organization of and voice for middle level and high school principals, assistant principals, and school leaders from across the United States. The association connects and engages school leaders through advocacy, research, education, and student programs. NASSP advocates on behalf of all school leaders to ensure the success of each student and strengthens school leadership practices through the design and delivery of high quality professional learning experiences. Reflecting its long-standing commitment to student leadership development, NASSP administers the National Honor Society, National Junior Honor Society, National Elementary Honor Society, and National Association of Student Councils. For more information about NASSP, located in Reston, VA, visit www.nassp.org.   Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE: PRU), a financial services leader, has operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Prudential’s diverse and talented employees are committed to helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth through a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. In the U.S., Prudential’s iconic Rock symbol has stood for strength, stability, expertise and innovation for more than a century. For more information, please visit www.news.prudential.com. SOURCE Prudential Insurance CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Books, Business, camp, Children, Corporate Social Responsibility, Education, High School Sports, Home and Garden, honor, hospital, private, service, unit, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Connecticut’s Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National Program Next PostNext Nebraska’s Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National Program Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Louisiana’s Top Youth Volunteers Of 2017 Selected By National Program BATON ROUGE, La., Feb. 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Anna Katherine Tollett, 16, of Ruston and Zach Morgan, 12, of Denham Springs today were named Louisiana’s top two youth volunteers of 2017 by The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards, a nationwide program honoring young people for outstanding acts of volunteerism. As State Honorees, Anna Katherine and Zach each will receive $1,000, an engraved silver medallion and an all-expense-paid trip in early May to Washington, D.C., where they will join the top two honorees from each of the other states and the District of Columbia for four days of national recognition events. During the trip, 10 students will be named America’s top youth volunteers of 2017. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards, now in its 22nd year, is conducted by Prudential Financial in partnership with the National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP). These are Louisiana’s top youth volunteers of 2017: High School State Honoree: Anna Katherine Tollett Nominated by Cedar Creek School in Ruston Anna Katherine, a junior at Cedar Creek School, has worked tirelessly over the past eight years on behalf of kids who, like her, suffer from Type 1 diabetes, raising funds to find a cure, enhancing public awareness of the disease, campaigning for legal rights and protections for diabetic students, and providing support to newly-diagnosed children and their families. “When I was first diagnosed, the daily demands of managing this relentless disease combined with the often-misinformed public perception of diabetes left me feeling overwhelmed and alienated,” said Anna Katherine. But “because of the support and guidance of family, friends and community, I became determined to reach out to those living with diabetes, and challenge the public perception of the disease.” The day after she left the hospital, Anna Katherine participated in the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation’s annual fundraising walk, and in subsequent years led a team of her own. With help from her father, she shot a 30-second public service announcement about diabetes, which won the top prize in a national contest and has been seen by more than 16,000 viewers. In 2012, Anna Katherine successfully lobbied her state legislature to make it easier for kids to manage their diabetes at school, and then took part in a lobbying effort in Washington, D.C., that secured millions of dollars for diabetes research. She also helped start a foundation that aids kids and their families immediately following a new diagnosis of Type 1 diabetes. Middle Level State Honoree: Zach Morgan Nominated by Live Oak Middle School in Denham Springs Zach, a sixth-grader at Live Oak Middle School, collected more than 5,000 hats and 2,000 toys for kids with cancer, and secured a grant to fund a week-long summer camp for children with the disease. It all started when Zach saw a TV commercial about childhood cancer. “I felt bad for kids who had cancer,” he said. “I felt bad that it changed their childhood. I wanted to make them feel better.” Since he already liked to collect baseball caps, Zach decided to begin collecting them for kids who lose their hair to chemotherapy. He received 250 new caps and hats in his first drive at a local Walmart store, and then threw a pizza party at a local children’s hospital to hand them out. Subsequent drives have yielded thousands of additional hats, which have gone to kids across the country. “I have learned that even the smallest things – like a baseball cap – can put the biggest smile on a kid,” said Zach. He also distributes toys through “Treasure Chests of Courage” that he has placed at several cancer treatment facilities. In addition, Zach has hosted events that have generated more than 1,000 pounds of food for students at local schools who have little to eat on weekends. Distinguished Finalists The program judges also recognized four other Louisiana students as Distinguished Finalists for their impressive community service activities. Each will receive an engraved bronze medallion. These are Louisiana’s Distinguished Finalists for 2017: Nelson Gueho, 17, of Livonia, La., a senior at Catholic High School of Pointe Coupee, led a project to establish a food bank at a fire station in his town, an effort that involved constructing an 8x10x9-foot room, holding a food drive to fill it, and now working with his local chief of police to keep it stocked and maintained on an ongoing basis. The pantry Nelson constructed opened just in time to help people in need after a disastrous flood. Miranda Hawthorne, 17, of Woodworth, La., a senior at Holy Savior Menard Central High School, has collected more than 1,000 pounds of recyclables at her school through “Saving the World One Box at a Time,” a program she created to combat waste. Moved to act after watching a teacher throw away a stack of PowerPoint printouts because she’d printed the wrong one, Miranda delivered recycling boxes to each classroom; she now gathers their contents and takes them to a local recycling plant on a weekly basis. Elizabeth Hughes, 14, of Coushatta, La., an eighth-grader at Red River Junior High School, has conducted various service activities to support senior citizens in her community including helping to build wheelchair ramps so they can move freely in and out of their homes, and helping out at a local nursing home three times a week over the summer. Elizabeth also works with her grandmother to visit the homes of local senior citizens. Macy Wells, 18, of Loranger, La., a senior at Hammond High Magnet School, joined her local fire department as a junior volunteer in May 2016, and since then has served more than 200 hours helping with water rescues, medical emergencies and traumas, including in the aftermath of a recent disastrous flood. Macy, a student in her school’s medical magnet program who aspires to a career in sports medicine, has also volunteered on the sidelines at several games alongside her school’s athletic trainer. “Prudential is honored to recognize these young volunteers for their exemplary service,” said Prudential Chairman and CEO John Strangfeld. “We hope that their stories inspire others to consider how they, too, can volunteer their time and talents to improve their communities.” “These service-minded young people have brought meaningful change to communities at home and abroad, and it’s a privilege to celebrate their work,” said JoAnn Bartoletti, executive director of NASSP. “Congratulations to an exceptional group of middle level and high school students.” About The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards represents the United States’ largest youth recognition program based solely on volunteer service. All public and private middle level and high schools in the country, as well as all Girl Scout councils, county 4-H organizations, American Red Cross chapters, YMCAs and HandsOn Network affiliates, were eligible to select a student or member for a local Prudential Spirit of Community Award. These Local Honorees were then reviewed by an independent judging panel, which selected State Honorees and Distinguished Finalists based on criteria including personal initiative, effort, impact and personal growth.  While in Washington, D.C., the 102 State Honorees – one middle level and one high school student from each state and the District of Columbia – will tour the capital’s landmarks, meet top youth volunteers from other parts of the world, attend a gala awards ceremony at the Smithsonian’s National Museum of Natural History, and visit their congressional representatives on Capitol Hill. On May 8, 10 of the State Honorees – five middle level and five high school students – will be named America’s top youth volunteers of 2017. These National Honorees will receive additional $5,000 awards, gold medallions, crystal trophies and $5,000 grants from The Prudential Foundation for nonprofit charitable organizations of their choice.    Since the program began in 1995, more than 115,000 young volunteers have been honored at the local, state and national level. The program also is conducted by Prudential subsidiaries in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Ireland, India, China and Brazil. In addition to granting its own awards, The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program also distributes President’s Volunteer Service Awards to qualifying Local Honorees. For information on all of this year’s Prudential Spirit of Community State Honorees and Distinguished Finalists, visit http://spirit.prudential.com or www.nassp.org/spirit. About NASSP The National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP) is the leading organization of and voice for middle level and high school principals, assistant principals, and school leaders from across the United States. The association connects and engages school leaders through advocacy, research, education, and student programs. NASSP advocates on behalf of all school leaders to ensure the success of each student and strengthens school leadership practices through the design and delivery of high quality professional learning experiences. Reflecting its long-standing commitment to student leadership development, NASSP administers the National Honor Society, National Junior Honor Society, National Elementary Honor Society, and National Association of Student Councils. For more information about NASSP, located in Reston, VA, visit www.nassp.org.   About Prudential Financial Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE: PRU), a financial services leader, has operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Prudential’s diverse and talented employees are committed to helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth through a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. In the U.S., Prudential’s iconic Rock symbol has stood for strength, stability, expertise and innovation for more than a century. For more information, please visit www.news.prudential.com.   For Spirit of Community Awards program logo and medallion graphics, please visit https://spirit.prudential.com/resources/media To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/louisianas-top-youth-volunteers-of-2017-selected-by-national-program-300401220.html SOURCE Prudential Insurance CategoriesUncategorized TagsAthletics, Baseball, camp, College Baseball, combat, Education, fire, Food and Beverage, High School Sports, Home and Garden, honor, hospital, Legal, lose, private, service, shot, Sports, TV, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious BMO Gestion d’actifs s’apprête à lancer de nouveaux FNB sur NEO Next PostNext Survey: Rise of Citizen Application Developers Pose Data, Security and Integration Challenges for IT Leaders Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
