Connect with Snopes TOP TAGS: ASP Articledonald trumpbarack obamahillary clintonNot Necessarily The Newsanimalselection 2016fake newspoliticsmusichoaxesMoviesfacebooksomething for nothingRadio & TVTelevision What’s New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive About FAQ Contact Random What's New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings About FAQ Contact Random Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings Get the Newsletter Contact Us Thank you for signing up: User@email.com Sign up for the Snopes.com newsletter and get daily updates on all the best rumors, news and legends delivered straight to your inbox. cancel Know of a rumor you want investigated? Press related inquiry? Lonely and just want to chat? Select from one of these options to get in touch with us: Submit a Rumor Website Feedback Advertising Inquiry cancel 156 News Business News Arizona Woman Reportedly Discovers Hidden Note from Chinese Prison Laborer Other letters asking for help have been found inside items purchased at Saks Fifth Avenue and Kmart. By Arturo Garcia May 2nd, 2017 156 An Arizona woman’s shopping discovery is the latest instance in a string of reports involving notes penned by Chinese labor prisoners that have purportedly been found inside U.S. goods. According to KVOA-TV, which first reported the story, Christel Wallace found a note written in Chinese inside a purse she bought at a Walmart near Tucson. A published translation of the note read as follows: Inmates in the Yingshan Prison in Guangxi, China are working 14 hours daily with no break/rest at noon, continue working overtime until 12 midnight, and whoever doesn’t finish his work will be beaten. Their meals are without oil and salt. Every month, the boss pays the inmate 2000 yuan, any additional dishes will be finished by the police. If the inmates are sick and need medicine, the cost will be deducted from the salary. Prison in China is unlike prison in America, horse cow goat pig dog (literally, means inhumane treatment). Walmart has declined to comment in response to queries regarding their suppliers (in China or elsewhere), but the company’s national media relations director, Ragan Dickens, sent us a statement regarding Wallace’s discovery: We’re making contact with the customer and appreciate her bringing this to our attention. With the information we have, we are looking into what happened so we can take the appropriate actions. Walmart has also been criticized by the advocacy group China Labor Watch, which has accused the company of exploiting workers. The group’s executive director, Li Qiang, told us on 2 May 2017 that it is rare for prison laborers to attempt to attempt to communicate their situation for fear of punishment. Speaking through a translator, Qiang told us that the company submits production contracts to factories with a low budget: Regular factories can’t afford such [a] low budget to produce the products. Usually what happens after is Walmart contracts with [a] prison that will accept the low budget to produce its products. Walmart did not respond to a request for comment regarding Qiang’s allegation. While the author of the letter Wallace discovered has not been identified, similar notes have been found in purchases from other major U.S. retailers. In September 2012, a New York City woman discovered a handwritten note pleading for help inside a shopping bag she bought at Saks Fifth Avenue. The person who wrote that letter was identified as Tohnain Emmanuel Njong, a Cameroonian national who was imprisoned under fraud charges in the city of Qingdao at the time he wrote it. It read in part: “We are ill-treated and work like slaves for 13 hours every day producing these bags in bulk in the prison factory.” Njong was released in December 2013. A month after Njong’s letter was discovered, an Oregon woman reported finding a prisoner’s letter inside a box of Halloween decorations she bought at Kmart. The letter asked anyone who found it to notify the World Human Right Organization, adding, “Thousands people here who are under the persicution of the Chinese Communist Party Government will thank and remember you forever.” A 47-year-old Chinese national who asked to be identified only as Zhang told the New York Times in 2013 that he wrote the Kmart letter while imprisoned inside the Masanjia labor camp, saying it was one of about 20 notes he secretly wrote while serving a two-year sentence: For a long time I would fantasize about some of the letters being discovered overseas, but over time I just gave up hope and forgot about them. Snopes Delivered to Your Inbox: Feedback Sources Filed Under: arizona china prisons +2 more Saks Fifth Avenue walmart Author: Arturo Garcia Featured Image: Gajus / Shutterstock.com Published: May 2nd, 2017 Sources: Jacobs, Andrew.   “Behind Cry for Help From China Labor Camp.”     The New York Times.   11 June 2013. Solomon, Serena.   “Plea for Help from Man Claiming to Be Chinese Prisoner Found in Saks Bag.”     DNAinfo.   29 April 2014. Shaheed, Aalia.   “Sierra Vista Woman Finds Note from ‘Chinese Prisoner’ in Walmart Purse.”     KVOA-TV [Tucson].   25 April 2017. Wiles, Rush.   “Mystery Note Found in Arizona Purports to Detail Harsh Labor at Walmart Supplier in China.”     The Arizona Republic.   2 May 2017. Ask. Chat. Poke.Snopes Facebook Group View All Featured Video DidaCarRunOverTrumpProtestersonaHighway? Fact Check Fauxtography May 2nd, 2017 A video showing a car driving through a demonstration is real, but it took place in Brazil and has nothing to do with the Trump administration. View All Most Searched 21K Women Killed by Poisoned Perfume Samples? Fact Check September 11th Updated A very old hoax about "Glen Eagles" hospital and deaths from poisoned perfume samples has reappeared on Facebook. 31K Prayer Request: Child Shot by Nail Gun Fact Check Inboxer Rebellion Updated A prayer request about a 22-month-old child who shot himself in the heart with a nail gun is several years old. 42K Prayer Request: Darkhorse Marine Battalion Fact Check Inboxer Rebellion Updated A prayer request for the Darkhorse Marine battalion fighting in Afghanistan is several years old. 9K $75 Bed Bath & Beyond Coupon? Fact Check Inboxer Rebellion Apr 28th, 2017 Another Facebook coupon scam has appeared, this time using phony Bed Bath & Beyond coupons to lure users into participating. 4K Tornado Carries Mobile Home 130 Miles, Family Inside Unharmed? Fact Check Fake News Updated Reports that a tornado carried a mobile home for 130 miles and left the residents inside unharmed are fake news. View All Most Shared 10K Lowe’s Coupon Scam Fact Check Inboxer Rebellion Updated What appears to be a $100 (or $50) coupon giveaway by Lowe's is actually a scam. 7K Was a Protester Throwing Explosives Into a Berkeley Crowd Before She Was Punched? Fact Check Crime Apr 20th, 2017 There's no evidence Louise Rosealma was using a glass bottle she appeared to be holding as an incendiary device. 46K Did a 1950s TV Episode Feature a Character Named Trump Who Offered to Build a Protective Wall? Fact Check Entertainment Jan 9th, 2017 An episode of the 1950s western TV series 'Trackdown' featured a character named Walter Trump who claimed he would build a wall in order to protect a town from the end of the world. 4K Did Jeff Sessions Say He’s Amazed a Judge ‘On an Island in the Pacific’ Can Block Executive Orders? Fact Check Politics Apr 20th, 2017 The Trump administration's Attorney General expressed his amazement on a radio talk show. 15K Ted Nugent Dodged the Draft? Fact Check Political News Updated Rumor holds that conservative rocker Ted Nugent evaded the Vietnam-era draft by taking drugs and acting crazy during his pre-induction physical. More from Snopes What’s New About Us Hot 50 Fact Check Staff Random News FAQ RSS Feed Video Contact Message Board Urban Legends Reference Pages© 1995- by Snopes.com | This material may not be reproduced without permission | Snopes and the Snopes.com logo are registered service marks of Snopes.com Your Email Address Message 
				 OK Your Name Your Email Address Your Friend's Address 
				 OK Copy this http://www.snopes.com/2017/05/02/letter-prison-laborer/ ×
Marana police asking for help identifying shoplifting suspects - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Justice For Isabel Arizona Politics Great Things Happen Here Border News Business Traffic map SLIDESHOWS Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Flight tracker Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 SLIDESHOWS Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Sign up for email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community AZ WEEKEND Discover Arizona See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Pet Connection Pet Pals Speaker Request Events Lifestyle About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace ADVERTISEMENT Jennifer Taylor Slideshow: PHOTOS: KOLD News 13 May 2017 Mugshots Marana police asking for help identifying shoplifting suspects 2017-05-02T23:46:11Z2017-05-03T00:01:29Z By Tucson News Now Staff Email Connect desk@tucsonnewsnow.com Shoplifting suspect (Source: Marana Police Department) Shoplifting suspect (Source: Marana Police Department) MARANA, AZ (Tucson News Now) - The Marana Police Department is asking for the public's help identifying two males who are suspected of shoplifting televisions from Walmart.   According to a recent release, the incident occurred on Feb. 20, 2017 when the two males entered the Walmart at 8280 North Cortaro Road.  The suspects selected several big screen televisions from a display and then left the store without paying. They were seen leaving the parking lot in a red Dodge minivan.   Later that same day, according to MPD release, the two suspects returned to the same store and attempted to steal several big screen televisions. However this second time they were stopped by Walmart Loss Prevention, they managed to leave the store and avoid getting caught.  The release stated the second time they were seen getting into a white extended cab truck.  CRIME COVERAGE: The KOLD News 13 mugshots of the month are available HERE. Anyone with information on these two is asked to call the Marana Police Department at (520) 382-2000 or 88-CRIME.  MOBILE USERS: Download our app on your Apple and Android devices. Copyright 2017 Tucson News Now. All rights reserved. Crime & CourtsMore>> Pima Co. Sheriff's Dept. releases 911 calls, records on shooting at Firebirds Wood Fired Grill Pima Co. Sheriff's Dept. releases 911 calls, records on shooting at Firebirds Wood Fired Grill Updated: Wednesday, May 3 2017 12:57 AM EDT2017-05-03 04:57:57 GMT (Source: Tucson News Now) The sheriff's department released dozens of 911 calls from restaurant-goers and employees, many of which were interviewed the night of the incident. The sheriff's department released dozens of 911 calls from restaurant-goers and employees, many of which were interviewed the night of the incident. Pima County tightens hands-free ordinance Pima County tightens hands-free ordinance Updated: Tuesday, May 2 2017 8:15 PM EDT2017-05-03 00:15:45 GMT (Source: Tucson News Now) The ordinance means drivers cannot use any handheld electronic device while driving unless they are using a hands-free set-up. The ordinance means drivers cannot use any handheld electronic device while driving unless they are using a hands-free set-up. BREAKING UPDATE: One injured in shooting at Mission Manor Park on south side UPDATE: One injured in shooting at Mission Manor Park on south side Updated: Tuesday, May 2 2017 8:09 PM EDT2017-05-03 00:09:47 GMT (Source: Google Maps) Authorities are responding to a shooting at Mission Manor Park on the south side of Tucson Tuesday afternoon. Authorities are responding to a shooting at Mission Manor Park on the south side of Tucson Tuesday afternoon. breaking UPDATE: Police search for suspects in fatal shooting UPDATE: Police search for suspects in fatal shooting Updated: Tuesday, May 2 2017 8:04 PM EDT2017-05-03 00:04:23 GMT One man was killed in the shooting, police say. The suspect has not yet been detained. One man was killed in the shooting, police say. The suspect has not yet been detained. BP agents find 1,100 pounds of marijuana near Patagonia BP agents find 1,100 pounds of marijuana near Patagonia Updated: Tuesday, May 2 2017 8:03 PM EDT2017-05-03 00:03:42 GMT Marijuana bundles found near hiking trail in Patagonia. (Source: Customs and Border Protection) The agents were walking a known smuggling route when they discovered an area that had been covered with debris, in an attempt to conceal it from detection.  According to the agents they looked closer and found 55 bundles of marijuana wrapped in cellophane.  The agents were walking a known smuggling route when they discovered an area that had been covered with debris, in an attempt to conceal it from detection.  According to the agents they looked closer and found 55 bundles of marijuana wrapped in cellophane.     Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Teen jumps into Bass Pro Shops aquarium Teen jumps into Bass Pro Shops aquarium Posted: Tuesday, May 2 2017 10:10 AM EDT2017-05-02 14:10:27 GMT Updated: Tuesday, May 2 2017 10:18 AM EDT2017-05-02 14:18:08 GMT The native fish in the signature Bass Pro Shops tank got quite a stir when an unidentified teen decided to pull the stunt. Teens at other stores across the country have posted the prank on social media. The native fish in the signature Bass Pro Shops tank got quite a stir when an unidentified teen decided to pull the stunt. Teens at other stores across the country have posted the prank on social media. Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:00 GMT +303 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search US Shopper Finds Chinese ‘Prisoner’s’ Cry for Help in Walmart Handbag © YouTube/Current Events Daily Life 02:24 03.05.2017(updated 03:37 03.05.2017) Get short URL 91403214 An American woman found a pleading note written in Chinese inside a purse she’d purchased at Wal-Mart. The writer was asking to be rescued from life inside an oppressive manufacturing facility. The Tucson, Arizona, woman purchased a handbag at the local Wal-Mart, and found a tiny, folded, handwritten note inside a zipper compartment. The note was written in Chinese, which she quickly had translated. President Trump Rejects Candidate Trump's Anti-Globalism Rhetoric "It actually stated that the person who wrote that was a prisoner in China," the woman told Tucson NBC-affiliate KVOA. She described the translation, which detailed, "Basically what their situation was and how they work long hours: 14 hours a day. And they don't have a lot to eat." The note underwent three translations by three separate Chinese speakers, who came to the same result each time. The American shopper, speaking with the television station, stated, "I don't have the means or the access to help in any way. So I think this was my way of putting in my two cents." "I don't want this to be an attack on any store," she added, "that's not the answer. This is happening at all kinds of places and people just probably don't know." A Wal-Mart spokesperson stated, "We can't comment specifically on this note, because we have no way to verify the origin of the letter, but one of our requirements for the suppliers who supply products for sale at Walmart is all work should be voluntary as indicated in our Standards for Suppliers." KVOA provided the translation of the note, which reads in full: "Inmates in the Yingshan Prison in Guangxi, China are working 14 hours daily with no break/rest at noon, continue working overtime until 12 midnight, and whoever doesn't finish his work will be beaten. Their meals are without oil and salt. Every month, the boss pays the inmate 2,000 yuan, any additional dishes will be finished by the police. If the inmates are sick and need medicine, the cost will be deducted from the salary. Prison in China is unlike prison in America, horse cow goat pig dog [indicating inhumane treatment, according to translators]." Letters such as this one have recently been documented in products purchased at US retailers Saks Fifth Avenue and K-Mart. At one point, a Chinese worker seeking rescue identified himself by signing the note and including a small color photograph and email address. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 214 Related: How Failed Capitalism Opened Pandora's Box, Unleashing Trump, Le Pen, Farage Is Capitalism to Blame for America's Police Brutality Problem? 'Survival is the New American Dream': Why US Youth Reject Capitalism Tags: Western capitalism, rebellion, workers' rights, anti-capitalism, globalisation, capitalism, strike, workers, prison, China, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:42South Korea Still Considers North Occupied Territory After Korean War 09:29Saudi Arabia Seeks to Develop Military Industry - Defense Minister 09:18April Oil Output Decrease Averages 258,600 Bpd - Russian Energy Ministry 09:03Magnitude 5.9 Earthquake Hits Central Asia - Seismological Centre 08:48Japanese Prime Minister Seeks to Amend Constitution in 2020All news Things That Americans Don't Know About: Oliver Stone on His New Film About Putin 22552 Missile Power: Armed With Kalibrs the Russian Navy Will Become Twice as Strong 21372 'Underwater Ghost': Pyongyang Threatens to Sink US Navy Submarine 16564 N Korea Poised to Make America's 'Worst Nightmare' Come True 15237 New Chinese Aircraft Carrier Potential Game Changer in Asia-Pacific 10910All news 'Underwater Ghost': Pyongyang Threatens to Sink US Navy Submarine 54 N Korea Poised to Make America's 'Worst Nightmare' Come True 43 Trump Says He 'Would Be Honored' to Meet With N Korea's Leader Kim Jong Un 38 In the Face of Washington's Threats, North Korea Readies Another Nuclear Test 31 Iranian 'Expansion' in Middle East Poses Threat to Russia – Netanyahu 26All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Met Gala 2017: Celebrities Show Off Jaw-Dropping Red Carpet Looks Tremendous Security Costs, Just Tremendous T-72B3, a Sporty Tank News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Green Stories» NYT Climate Op-Ed Starts Tempest in Teapot World's Loneliest Guy Gets Help From Tinder What Makes Up New Plastic Bottles? Not Old Ones, It Seems NJ Town's Iconic 600-Year-Old Tree Will Fall We're Living the Past's Climate Change Future 'Hotspot' of Plastic Trash Found in the Arctic Last Orca Born at SeaWorld Park Pesticide Maker's Letter to Trump Administration: 'Set Aside' Studies 10 US Cities With the Worst Air Pollution Scientists Head to River for Work, Find Lake Instead Surprisingly Popular YouTube Niche: Videos of Hikers Yellowstone Has to Euthanize 1 of 3 White Wolves Green / organic milk Go to Grid|Next Story Bad News About Your Supposedly Organic Milk The 'Washington Post' investigates one of the biggest organic farms By Evann Gastaldo,  Newser Staff Posted May 2, 2017 5:19 PM CDT 62 comments Comments In this Feb. 11, 2009 file photo, a shopper looks over the milk aisle at the Hunger Mountain Co-op in Montpelier, Vt.   (AP Photo/Toby Talbot, File) (Newser) – If you've ever purchased Great Value organic milk at Walmart, we have bad news for you: Per an in-depth investigation at the Washington Post, that supposedly organic milk is actually pretty similar to conventional milk. The Post investigated Aurora Organic Dairy, one of the largest organic operations in the US, which supplies the organic milk for the house brands at Walmart, Costco, and other big retailers. Its findings were pretty grim: In order to be certified as organic under USDA standards, cows must be allowed to graze freely on grass for a certain amount of time, and the Post's observations made it look unlikely that many of Aurora's cows are doing that. And it shows: Cows who graze make milk with a different chemical makeup than cows who are kept indoors and fed corn or other grains, but Aurora's milk tested at levels closer to conventional milk. The organic industry is massive, with $6 billion in organic dairy sales last year in the US, and organic producers can sell their milk for nearly double the price of conventional milk. But it also costs significantly more to produce organic milk, and if big dairies like Aurora are skirting USDA requirements, it gives them an unfair advantage over smaller producers who are doing things right. The Post delves into the USDA process for certifying products organic; in what the paper calls an "unorthodox" move, dairies are allowed to hire their own inspectors. In the case of Aurora, those inspectors performed their annual audit after grazing season was over, so they "were poorly positioned to know" whether the dairy was meeting the USDA's grazing requirements, per the Post. The full piece, which includes Aurora's response to the testing and a look at past run-ins the dairy has had with the USDA, is worth a read.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   20% Hilarious 10% Intriguing 31% Depressing 6% Brilliant 13% Scary 20% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 62 comments You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Next on Newser: Hotel Knows Name of Her Child's Father. She Doesn't Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 62 comments iq145 May 2, 2017 10:17 PM CDT How do companies keep getting away with this?: http://www.newser.com/story/176976/herbal-supplements-actually-rice-weeds.html http://www.newser.com/story/97382/coke-admits-vitaminwater-health-claims-are-bogus.html http://www.nytimes.com/2013/11/05/science/herbal-supplements-are-often-not-what-they-seem.html Veritas May 2, 2017 9:41 PM CDT Drank milk as a kid but the idea drinking it straight makes me want to gag. fedup taxpayer May 2, 2017 8:19 PM CDT if youre a calf then yes you should be sucking milk from your species... If youre a human and especially an adult human why would you want to constantly ingest a fluid packed with hormones, pesticides, herbicides, dioxins, cow blood... etc. etc. View all 62 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Missing Couple Found Dead in Belize 1 Did Jimmy Kimmel Just Doom the GOP's Health Bill? 2 Jimmy Kimmel Tears Up in Frank Monologue 3 Best-Selling Author Dies in Leap Off NYC Building: Cops 4 Bad News for Avocado Lovers Everywhere 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Army Releases Harrowing Pics Taken by Combat Photographer Before Her Death WILD VIDEO: Men Brawl on Japanese Flight Bound for U.S. Watch Out! Snake Bites Have Quadrupled in One State Kendall Jenner Was Wearing Pretty Much No Clothing at the Met Gala Tree Service Employee Attempts a Murder Straight Out of "Fargo" The 17 Coolest Bars to Drink at Around the World Life After Football: the Surprising New Second Careers of Former Players Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners 2 Police Officers Shot, Wounded In Chicago Seen At 11: Are Brighter Headlights Creating A Dangerous Distraction On The... Acorns, Mice Blamed For Rise In Lyme Disease In New York Go to CBS Local Is Lisbon's Hottest Hangout the Future of the Office? The Woman Reforming Education for Sin City's Immigrants How Finding a Pebble Transformed South Africa Go to Ozy Drunk dude taking a KO punch is hilarious for us, but not so much for his face Rare Newsletter Signup White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer stunned reporters by not giving a press... Go to Rare 10 Self-Sabotaging Things You’re Doing That Are Definitely Keeping You Single 11 Struggles You Endure Every Day When You’re A Quiet Overthinker Hillary Clinton Wants Trump To Tweet About Her For The Most Hillary Reason Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Home Create Account Log In Go Home News Weather Currents 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Interactive Weather Radar Rain Totals Severe Weather Alerts 3TV 360 Camera Network Good Morning AZ All Sections Print Big box stores account for lots of calls to police Posted: Thursday, February 9, 2017 7:04 PM EST Updated: Friday, February 10, 2017 11:26 AM EST By Morgan Loew BioEmail Connect Biography morgan.loew@cbs5az.com Follow @morganloewcbs5 PHOENIX (3TV/CBS 5) - Crime reports filed during the first month of 2017 show big box stores accounting for dozens of crime calls to Valley police agencies. But five Wal-Mart stores appear to stand out, as far as the number of calls. CBS 5 Investigates examined the online crime maps available through Phoenix Police, Glendale, Tempe, Mesa and Chandler. The maps show the number of calls for police service over a specified period of time. According to those maps, during January, the Wal-Mart  location at Glendale and 59th Avenue in Glendale produced 26 calls to police. The nearby Lowe’s home improvement store produced two calls. The Wal-Mart location at Bethany and 35th Avenue in Phoenix accounted for 16 calls, although the map does not indicate whether those calls were isolated to Wal-Mart, or the nearby Harbor Freight Tools. The Wal-Mart on Bethany and 15th Avenue in Phoenix accounted for 19 calls to police. The nearby Target accounted for 14 calls. The Wal-Mart on Elliot and Priest in Tempe accounted for 18 calls to police, while the Costco across the street accounted for two calls during the same time period. And the Wal-Mart on McDowell and 75th Avenue in Phoenix accounted for 16 calls, while the nearby Target accounted for six calls. Wal-Mart has been under pressure nation. It issued this statement:wide to reduce the number of crime calls its stores generate. “No retailer is immune to the challenge of crime. We recognize the importance of this issue at the highest levels of the company, and we are investing in people and technology to support our stores. We’re encouraged by a 35 percent reduction in calls to law enforcement agencies nationwide, on average, since we began implementing Restorative Justice and other crime deterrence programs. We’ll continue our outreach to law enforcement across the country as part of our ongoing commitment to meet our customers’ and associates’ expectations of a safe and enjoyable shopping experience.” Phoenix Police released the following statement when asked whether the stores drain resources: “Walmart has been, and continues, to be a strong community partner and law enforcement supporter.  The Phoenix Police Department recognizes the efforts of Walmart employees and leadership to minimize thefts and related criminal activity in and near their stores.  In reality, it is the criminals who choose to victimize retailers, consumers, and the community at large, who are responsible for the number of calls for service generated at any specific location. “ Copyright 2017 KPHO/KTVK (KPHO Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved. Social Connect Morgan Loew is an investigative reporter on the CBS 5 Investigates team. His reports have landed crooks behind bars and led to changes in state law. Click to learn more about Morgan . Morgan Loew CBS 5 Investigates He has exposed conmen who prey on the elderly and predators who target women and children. Morgan combines his legal training with the experience he’s earned over 20-years of news reporting in Arizona to break big stories and dig beyond the headlines. His stories about education, consumer scams and crooked politicians have gone on to make national headlines. Among his favorite investigations are the ones that take him undercover. In addition his hidden camera investigations on drug and human smuggling, Morgan infiltrated some of the most dangerous militia and vigilante groups in the southwest. Members were later charged with crimes that range from murder to child molesting. Over the years, Morgan’s work has appeared on CBS News, CNN, NBC, MSNBC, and NPR. Morgan won ten Rocky Mountain Emmy Awards, a regional Edward R. Murrow Award for investigative reporting, the Society of Professional Journalists’ First Amendment Award, and a commendation from the Humane Society of the United States. Morgan is a graduate of the University of Arizona School of Journalism, earned his Juris Doctorate at Concord Law School, teaches media law at the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication at Arizona State University, and is the president of the First Amendment Coalition of Arizona, Inc., which advocates for open records and open government. When he’s not working, Morgan enjoys camping, cheering for the Arizona Wildcats, and spending time with his family at their ranch in southern Arizona. Hide bio Tweets by @azfamily Can't Find Something? Go HomeNewsWeatherGood Morning AZAll Sections All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Frankly Media and . All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
About Us Newsletter Advertising Subscribe Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Fleet Owner Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close News Equipment Fleet Management Running Green Safety Technology Truck Stats FleetSeek Resource Centers Driver Management HD Pickup & Van Maintenance Powertrain Regulation Advertisement Home > Running Green > Green Fleet of the Year: Walmart Green Fleet of the Year: Walmart Using its size, a private fleet operation supports a corporate commitment to sustainability May 2, 2017 Jim Mele | Fleet Owner EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Elizabeth Fretheim (center) and Walmart associates receive the 2017 Fleet Owner Green Fleet of the Year from editor emeritus Jim Mele at ACT Expo in Long Beach, CA. Related Media Walmart targets gigaton of reduced emissions, big sustainability boost Green Fleet of the Year: NYC Fleet Walmart’s private fleet is not only large, with some 6,400 tractors and 61,000 trailers, but it’s also a near-perfect reflection of the giant corporation’s goals and commitment to social responsibility.  And it’s come to represent perhaps the most publicly visible strides the company has made as it pioneers meaningful corporate efforts to foster sustainability. Right after the devastation of Hurricane Katrina in 2005, the company’s corporate leadership began talking about the opportunity it had to leverage Walmart’s size and scale for good.  Acting quickly on that initial impulse, the company laid out a long-range sustainability effort with a three-part pledge: the company would re-engineer its entire organization to create zero waste, operate 100% with renewable energy, and sell products that sustain both people and environments. Those are lofty goals, ones that require contributions from every level of the retail giant’s global employees as well as its suppliers, but the company is well on its way to achieving them. Today, 75% of its global waste is diverted from landfills, 25% of its operations are powered by renewable energy sources, and overall the company has removed some 35 million metric tons of carbon emissions from its supply chain despite its continuing growth over the last 12 years. The fleet’s initial contributions to those goals have been massive.  As its first step back in 2005, the U.S. fleet operation pledged to double its efficiency by 2015. Easy to say, but much harder to achieve while still providing the core transportation functions Walmart depends on to maintain its retail dominance. Popular Now MercuryGate fires back, alleges ‘poor planning’ by J.B. Hunt Are you ready for blockchain technology? Volvo Trucks targeting 15% market share throughout North America “We built a business case around three legs of the stool—equipment, drivers and operational changes,” says Tracy Rosser, senior vice president of transportation.  The first leg was filling trailers. While that might sound like simply stuffing more things in trailers, “there are a lot of things upstream like consolidation of orders and making sure freight comes into distribution centers on time so we can get it on the right trailers,” says Elizabeth Fretheim, senior director of logistics sustainability. “It’s part science, a lot of training and a big team effort from everyone, including our suppliers, but if you get just one more case onboard a trailer, it adds up,” says Rosser.   Along with more cargo on each trail­er, Walmart under­took a major re­­engineering of its routing to cut out unproductive miles.  “We invested in optimization technology to route trucks and drivers as efficiently as possible,” says Rosser.  “Now we throw out the entire (routing) network every six months and rerun the optimization to make sure we’re running the least amount of miles possible.” The other two legs of the Walmart stool—drivers and equipment—are closely related.  The fleet specs the most fuel-efficient vehicles available, taking advantage of everything from full aerodynamic tractor and trailer packages to optimized powertrains with automated transmissions.  Maintenance, too, plays a crucial role in keeping tractors and trailers at maximum efficiency. But proper spec’ing and maintenance are meaningless without teaching drivers how to best exploit those capabilities. “Trucks have changed so much in terms of engines and other technologies,” says Fretheim. “They have to be driven differently, so we buy the best technology we can and then spend a lot of time with our drivers to help them maximize the efficiencies.” Rosser, who has over 30 years of experience in trucking, makes it a practice to ride in a randomly chosen truck once every quarter.  Recently, he was in a tractor pulling a full load up a steep grade outside Coleman, AL, and it didn’t sound to him like the engine was in the right gear.  “I didn’t hear any stress on the engine, and when I questioned the driver, he pointed to his tach,” he recalls. “He knew that his peak utilization was at 1,200 rpm and that he shouldn’t run over that pulling a hill.  When we stopped, he showed me his fuel economy log, which he’d kept for every day over the last six months.  When our drivers get behind something, they get behind it in a big way.” With that kind of commitment from everyone involved in Walmart transportation, the fleet met its ambitious goal of doubling freight efficiency by mid-2015, some six months ahead of schedule.  The payoff?  In fiscal 2016, Walmart’s private fleet delivered one billion more cases and drove 460 million fewer miles compared to 2005. “We reduced our carbon dioxide emissions by 650,000 metric tons, which is the equivalent of removing 140,000 cars from the roads, and saved nearly $1 billion,” says Rosser. But Walmart hasn’t just been working on freight efficiency; it’s also been prodding technological advances.  “We’ve seen incremental improvements [in truck technology] that have been important, but we really wanted to do something more revolutionary to show that there’s still a lot of room for even more,” says Fretheim. The most intriguing of those efforts was building a prototype tractor-trailer combination in partnership with Peterbilt Motors, Great Dane Trailers and Roush Engineering.  Called the Advanced Vehicle Experience, or AVE for short, this complete rethinking of the heavy-duty commercial vehicle featured a hybrid powertrain with a turbine generator, a narrow and highly aerodynamic driver’s pod, fully electrified auxiliary components, and extensive use of carbon fiber in both the tractor and trailer among other advanced technologies.    In addition to AVE, Walmart has invested in a range of advanced projects demonstrating various hybrid assist systems, natural gas and other developing technologies. But all that’s in the past.  What’s next for the Walmart fleet?  Last year, Walmart president and CEO Doug McMillon reconfirmed the company’s commitment to sustainability. Signing what are known as the Science-Based Targets set by the 2015 Paris Climate Agreement, he pledged that Walmart would reduce its absolute emissions 18% by 2025 even as it continues to grow its business around the globe. “He didn’t call out the fleet separately, but as a company we have to look at every lever we can pull to make that reduction, so we’ll be taking a new look at our operations,” says Fretheim.  That new look will not only include deeper collaboration with the fleet’s suppliers, but also with other carriers, she says, promising that there will be a major announcement from the fleet later this month. “Even though Walmart is large, in some areas we need even more demand to show the market there’s support for these technologies. We want to work with other people in the industry to drive market demand for the new technologies that will get us to our goal,” Fretheim says. And that’s how you leverage size for the common good. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Wal-Mart evaluating LNG Not overnight Pickens: Wal-Mart chief intrigued by natural gas 14 Multi-flavored Exel now SmartWay-approved Advertisement Current Issue 2017 Fleet of the Year Awards Electric Vehicles in Trucking Gamification of Trucking CURRENT ISSUE  / ARCHIVE Related Products Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook RSS Advertisement Resource Centers Hungry for more? Visit our Resource Centers for more! Advertisement FleetOwner.com News Equipment Fleet Management Fuel Regulations Running Green Safety Technology Truck Stats Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Fleet Owner Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook RSS Search FleetOwner.com Search: FleetOwner Magazine FleetOwner Related Sites American Trucker FleetSeek Trailer-Body Builders Bulk Transporter Refrigerated Transporter WardsAuto American Trucker Equipment Search Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Howard Hughes' former Tahoe estate for sale News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories NY governor declares emergency over Lake Ontario flooding Nine Pin Cidre Rosé 'drink of the summer,' InStyle declares Photos: Unusual pets of the Capital Region Outrageous recalls of the year (so far) Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Harvey continues Mets' misery History is in Shen's sights Yanks demolish Jays Thomas lifts Celtics in OT Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Car sales keep stocks in neutral Tech firms lead stocks higher Lure of online classes, but no degree Lawmakers find common ground on $1T plan Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories And back on the road she goes Eddie Angel brings E Street bass player to Troy's River Street Springsteen sideman Garry Tallent at Troy's Hangar on the Hudson $20 tickets for SPAC shows offered as kickoff to summer Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Patti LuPone, 'Chicago' among Proctors, Capital Rep additions 20 things you don’t know about me: Jene Luciani Best sushi in the Capital Region, according to Yelp Nipper, latest Albany public art project, needs artists Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives State Softball Rankings released State Boys’ Lacrosse Rankings released State Girls’ Lacrosse Rankings released Saint Rose set to renew Brubacher lease TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Dougherty: Golf governing bodies had to act on video Immigration, economy will be focus of St. Rose panel Ian Porter a consummate Renaissance man Editorial: Hold off on 'Textalyzer' Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog High & Low House of the Week: Craftsman in Greenfield Center Nisky HOTW under contract Realtors take pride in serving communities off the job Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Teachers eat free at Recovery Sports Grill on Tuesday, May 2 Live Nation offering $20 tickets to 20 upcoming SPAC shows Best (and worst) things to buy in May Coupons in your Sunday Times Union (April 30) MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/allwcm/article/Walmart-rolls-out-online-grocery-shopping-in-11115875.php Walmart rolls out online grocery shopping in Capital Region By Eric Anderson Published 4:47 pm, Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Halfmoon Walmart introduced online grocery shopping with store pickup at three of its Capital Region supercenters Tuesday, joining Price Chopper, Hannaford and ShopRite in offering the service locally. The move comes as food stores seek new ways to make shopping convenient and to save shoppers' time. Some, such as Price Chopper/Market32 and ShopRite, also offer limited home delivery services. Walmart's service is free but the minimum order is $30. Customers can place their order online or through Walmart's smartphone app. Orders may be placed up to seven days in advance. For same-day delivery, orders placed by 10 a.m. will be ready after 4 p.m., said Shannon Risley, store manager at Walmart's Route 9, Halfmoon supercenter. So far, about 600 of Walmart's nearly 3,300 supercenters nationwide offer online ordering and store pickup. In the Capital Region, the service is available at the stores on Route 9 in Halfmoon, Route 4 in East Greenbush, and off Freemans Bridge Road in Glenville. Amazon has been offering its Amazon Prime members home delivery with what it calls its Prime Pantry service, delivery of packaged food items, paper goods, beverages and beauty and grooming products, for $5.99 a box, although it waives the fee if their purchases include at least five qualifying items. Stores offering store pickup typically have reserved several spaces near the front entrance. At Walmart, spaces marked with orange signs line the north side of the store. Shoppers can call a number on the sign or notify the store through their app that they've arrived. Payment is made online when the order is placed. Perishable items are held in coolers or freezers until the shopper arrives. The goal is to get the order delivered and customers on their way within five minutes, said Jennifer Constable, e-commerce market coach at Walmart. Walmart trained "personal shoppers" who handpick the items requested online. The service went live Tuesday. Walmart is offering $10 off on a customer's first order, and $10 off if the customer refers a friend, who also gets $10 off the first order.   News Videos Most Popular 1 Manhunt for driver of stolen SUV after crash in East Greenbush 2 Drunk driver from Albany gets prison after repeat offenses 3 Defense witness agrees with prosecutor in Lake George crash 4 State Police to expand uniformed patrols in Albany, Schenectady 5 $20 tickets for SPAC shows offered as kickoff to summer 6 SEEN: Wildwood Spring Gala 7 A.M. Roundup: A tale of two energy initiatives View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
search-icon GOD LIFE CULTURE CURRENT PODCAST MAGAZINE STORE ABOUT SUPPORT STORE ADVERTISE CONTACT GOD LIFE CULTURE CURRENT SUBSCRIBE MAGAZINE PODCAST 91 A Woman Found a Horrifying Note From a Chinese Prisoner in Her Walmart Purse BY RELEVANT CURRENT / TRENDING May 02, 2017 994 TWEET A woman in Sierra Vista, Arizona purchased a purse from her local Walmart and reportedly discovered a note tucked on the inside written by a Chinese prisoner, detailing the horrifying conditions Chinese inmates work in. Walmart and other companies have come under fire before for selling products made in harsh working conditions overseas, but the note crystalizes that reality in a way few of us consider. A translation of the note reads: Inmates in the Yingshan Prison in Guangxi, China are working 14 hours daily with no break/rest at noon, continue working overtime until 12 midnight, and whoever doesn’t finish his work will be beaten. Their meals are without oil and salt. Every month, the boss pays the inmate 2000 yuan, any additional dishes will be finished by the police. If the inmates are sick and need medicine, the cost will be deducted from the salary. Prison in China is unlike prison in America, horse cow goat pig dog [literally translates to inhumane treatment]. The note was shared by Laura Wallace, whose mother-in-law bought the purse and found the note. Wallace told reporters she wasn’t trying to put Walmart on blast. “I don’t want this to be an attack on any store,” she said. “That’s not the answer. This is happening at all kinds of places and people just probably don’t know.” When reached for Walmart, they released the following statement: “We can’t comment specifically on this note, because we have no way to verify the origin of the letter, but one of our requirements for the suppliers who supply products for sale at Walmart is all work should be voluntary as indicated in our Standards for Suppliers.” For those of you who don’t speak that language, that’s corporate-ese for “not our problem.” SHARE TWEET SHARE TWEET DISCUSS TRENDING lsb-trending-x 1 BOOKS lsb-trending-share 2180 Here Are Rob Bell’s Thoughts on Where the Bible Came From 2 CULTURE lsb-trending-share 1491 Demi Lovato on Sobriety: I Couldn’t Have Done It Without God 3 FILM lsb-trending-share 1380 Newest Netflix Movie Takes on Religious Liberty 4 MUSIC lsb-trending-share 1311 Watch Gungor’s Powerful Video About Refugees 5 CURRENT lsb-trending-share 898 Christian Leaders Sign Letter Opposing Trump’s Proposed Foreign Aid Cuts RECOMMENDED FOR YOU CURRENT Former South Carolina Officer Who Shot and Killed Walter Scott Pleads Guilty CURRENT Footage Disputes Officers’ Account In Shooting Death of Unarmed Black Teen CURRENT A Woman Found a Horrifying Note From a Chinese Prisoner in Her Walmart Purse CURRENT ISSUE READ NOW SUBSCRIBE WATCH / LISTEN lsb-trending-x sfooter-listen-play RELEVANT PODCAST / E Episode 548: Jenn Johnson sfooter-listen-play THE RED COUCH PODCAST WITH PROPAGANDA AND ALMA / E Series Preview — Premiering May 17! sfooter-listen-play THE SHAUNA NIEQUIST PODCAST / E Series Preview — Premiering May 8 GET RELEVANT IN YOUR INBOX footer-email-icon Signing up agrees to our terms and use. ADVERTISE WITH US / WRITE FOR US ABOUT US / CONTACT US / SUBSCRIBER SERVICES TERMS OF SERVICE / PRIVACY POLICY © 2017 RELEVANT Media Group. All Rights Reserved FOLLOW US GET RELEVANT IN YOUR INBOX footer-email-icon Signing up agrees to our terms and use. ADVERTISE WITH US / WRITE FOR US ABOUT US / CONTACT US / SUBSCRIBER SERVICES TERMS OF SERVICE / PRIVACY POLICY © 2017 RELEVANT Media Group. All Rights Reserved
null
null
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Book review: ‘The Black Hand’ chronicles early Italian crime Book review: Oil wealth, greed, prejudice fueled murders of Osage Book review: ‘The Animators’: A touching portrait of female Man who rammed SAPD vehicle, damaged other cars during escape Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace Man who rammed SAPD vehicle, damaged other cars during escape DEA agent shoots suspect in narcotics investigation State House OKs bill to reduce handgun license fees Mobile home residents still feeling effects of relocation three US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Attack on US convoy kills 8 Afghans, wounds 3 US soldiers Georgia locals fed up over cluster of drug treatment centers Family want officer who shot black teen charged with crime Police say Chicago officers shot and wounded were targeted Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases Pioneer Energy Services produces strong revenue growth on 10th St. Anthony hotel names chef Stefan Bowers to lead food U.S. auto sales have ‘plateaued’ in 2017 IHeartMedia is expected to disclose insolvency concerns Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Baseball: Churchill, D’Hanis move up in final Tuesday’s high school softball, baseball results Pair of Longhorns featured as 1st-round picks in 2018 NFL mock UTSA-ex John Bormann makes The Show — for one at-bat Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate St. Anthony hotel names chef Stefan Bowers to lead food Avocado prices are at a record high — just in time for Cinco de 365 Days of Tacos: Week 17 roundup San Antonio chef nudged out for James Beard Award Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Book review: An old murder fragments a family in Don Chaon’s High-school students poety Book review: Evangelicals’ long road from the 1730 Great Book review: ‘The Black Hand’ chronicles early Italian crime Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Contest underway to find 2017 National Geographic Travel Photos: 'Epic fails' and rickety cardboard dinghies in New Yogis Head to Joshua Tree for Yogapalooza Memphis: 1 city, 2 days, 4 attractions Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla He’s exhibit No. 1 on raising the smoking age to 21 Language of hatred normalized by Trump On Alamo, delicately balance competing needs Your Turn: April 3 Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Ram dresses up the 1500 Sport model for 2017 with special, Audi A3 sedan for 2017 has turbo power, with a choice of front- Toyota Prius Prime plug-in hybrid arrives for 2017, with prices Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features Visa crackdown threatens seasonal help at US resorts Greece agrees to new bailout terms — and more austerity US factories expand at slower pace in April Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/entertainment/entertainment_columnists/jeanne_jakle/article/San-Antonio-novelist-talks-racy-new-11115403.php San Antonio novelist talks ‘racy’ new Hallmark movie By Jeanne Jakle Updated 9:24 pm, Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Photo: Crown Media Image 1of/10 Caption Close Image 1 of 10 Taylor Cole plays professor Harper Higgins and Steve Lund portrays Tom Stone in “The Art of Us,” Hallmark Channel's adaptation of a San Antonio author's novel. Taylor Cole plays professor Harper Higgins and Steve Lund portrays Tom Stone in “The Art of Us,” Hallmark Channel's adaptation of a San Antonio author's novel. Photo: Crown Media Image 2 of 10 San Antonio novelist Teri Wilson got cozy on the set with Steve Lund, the star of “The Art of Us.” San Antonio novelist Teri Wilson got cozy on the set with Steve Lund, the star of “The Art of Us.” Photo: Courtesy Teri Wilson Image 3 of 10 Vincent the dog is one of the central characters of “The Art of Us.” Vincent the dog is one of the central characters of “The Art of Us.” Photo: Crown Media Image 4 of 10 There’s a lot of kissing for a Hallmark movie between Taylor Cole as professor Harper Higgins and Steve Lund as Tom Stone. There’s a lot of kissing for a Hallmark movie between Taylor Cole as professor Harper Higgins and Steve Lund as Tom Stone. Photo: Crown Medai Image 5 of 10 The cover of Teri Wilson’s book, which has been turned into a Hallmark movie. The cover of Teri Wilson’s book, which has been turned into a Hallmark movie. Photo: Courtesy Of Teri Wilson Image 6 of 10 Wilson captured the film slate during the shooting of “The Art of Us.” Wilson captured the film slate during the shooting of “The Art of Us.” Photo: Courtesy Of Teri Wilson Image 7 of 10 One of the images caught by San Antonio writer Teri Wilson during her visit to the Canadian set of “The Art of Us.” One of the images caught by San Antonio writer Teri Wilson during her visit to the Canadian set of “The Art of Us.” Photo: Courtesy Teri Wilson Image 8 of 10 San Antonio novelist Teri Wilson and the cast of Halmark Channel’s “The Art of Us.” San Antonio novelist Teri Wilson and the cast of Halmark Channel’s “The Art of Us.” Photo: Courtesy Teri Wilson Image 9 of 10 Teri Wilson is excited about her cameo in the movie adaptation of her novel “The Art of Us.” Teri Wilson is excited about her cameo in the movie adaptation of her novel “The Art of Us.” Photo: Courtesy Teri Wilson Image 10 of 10 San Antonio novelist talks ‘racy’ new Hallmark movie 1 / 10 Back to Gallery Romance is thriving on TV thanks in part to a San Antonio woman whose novels keep getting picked up by Hallmark Channel. Longtime Alamo Heights resident, prolific author and mom Teri Wilson will see “The Art of Us,” her second book to be turned into a movie, on the small screen this month. What’s more, two other creations of hers also are in the works at Hallmark. “The Art of Us” is Wilson’s television follow-up to last year’s hit “Unleashing Mr. Darcy,” a ratings winner for Hallmark, which was released on DVD this week. It can be found online (Barnes & Noble, Walmart and Amazon) and in Walmart and Hallmark stores. “I’m really excited. It’s wonderful. I never thought it would come to this,” Wilson, 50, said of her latest venture into the world of film. “The first movie was so exciting. It never crossed my mind there would be a second.” The fact that Hallmark also has optioned Wilson’s “Sleigh Bell Sweethearts” for a Christmas movie, and talk of a sequel to “Unleashing Mr. Darcy,” makes the stars in her eyes shine even brighter. More Information Hallmark Movie Event What: A local celebration for adults (18 and over), honoring the upcoming movie adaptation of Teri Wilson’s novel “The Art of Us” on Hallmark Channel. When: 7-9 p.m. May 16 Where: Painting with a Twist at Artisan’s Alley, 555 W. Bitters Road. Cost: $45 per person. In return, everyone gets a signed copy of “The Art of Us” from Teri Wilson, who also will dish about the Hallmark movie. They also get an evening of wine, snacks and painting, the subject being a version of Van Gogh’s “The Irises.” Benefits: Part of the proceeds go to Hallmark’s Pet Project, which helps find homes for needy animals. Contact: To register, go to paintingwithatwist.com or call 210-570-9847. “I still can’t believe it. I make movies now!” “The Art of Us” debuts at 8 p.m. May 20 on Hallmark Channel. The film promises to be a bit racier than other fare on the wholesome network — well, racy by Hallmark standards. “I counted four kisses in the screenplay; that’s a lot for a Hallmark movie,” Wilson said. “Of course, one is a kiss on the cheek. A lot of my books are racier than what’s on the channel. They change some of it, make it more appropriate for Hallmark. Whenever I have a kiss toward the beginning of the story, Sydell (Albert, the executive producer of “The Art of Us”) tells me, ‘Teri, no kisses until the third act!’” Albert also is the executive producer who brought “Darcy” to the small screen. That one was inspired by Jane Austen’s “Pride and Prejudice,” while this one is a modern retelling of another classic — “My Fair Lady.” However, the character being molded in “The Art of Us” isn’t a Cockney flower girl named Eliza Doolittle, but Tom Stone (Steve Lund, “Reign”), an undiscovered artist with rough edges who lives on a houseboat. The professor doing the transforming is Harper Higgins (Taylor Cole, “The Originals”), a female version of “My Fair Lady’s” Henry Higgins. Her goal? To land a tenured position at Boston College so she can stop teaching painting to tipsy novices at the Art Bar — a wine-and-art hangout that’s modeled on Painting with a Twist in San Antonio — to pay her bills. A key part of her plan is being granted the job of curating a big gallery at the university. But when Higgins loses her showcase artist and can find no one else, she turns to her recently hired dog walker Tom, who she discovers is a very skilled painter. Transforming Tom into a credible, respected artist is going to take work, but Higgins feels up to the challenge. Complications arise, however, when the two fall for each other during the charade and they risk being outed by a competing professor. Like many of Wilson’s 23 novels, this one contains the formula that Hallmark clearly embraces: Man meets woman; woman finds man obnoxious; man and woman fall in love. “A lot of them start that way,” Wilson said. “Conflict makes for a good story. They go from enemies to falling for each other, which also creates possibilities for humor — something I also love.” Another favorite ingredient in Wilson’s stories is a dog, sometimes more than one. Her “Art of Us” features a doozy, a dachshund with lots of personality and only one ear. He’s named Vincent after, you guessed it, Van Gogh. In the movie, however, the pooch has been changed to a border terrier that has both ears but is still named Vincent. In fact, the canine character is singled out by Hallmark in a release about “The Art of Us.” Vincent is a good example of the global pet initiative by Hallmark’s parent company, Crown Media Family Networks. It’s committed to ending pet homelessness by using entertainment to show the joy animals bring to people’s lives. Wilson is hoping to help that initiative with a local Hallmark movie event on May 16 that benefits the channel’s Pet Project and also honors a local Painting with a Twist, which she acknowledges in her book as being an inspiration for its Art Bar. “I love Painting with a Twist. I like to paint and it’s fun. I’ve spent a lot of time there,” she said. As with her previous Hallmark movie, Wilson was invited to the Canadian set, staying in the same Vancouver hotel she used when she traveled to watch the crew film “Darcy.” She had a fantastic time with these actors, too, she said, taking a special shine to leading lady Cole. “Her charisma on film is amazing. Everyone on set was in love with her. She's from Texas (Arlington)!” Wilson also had her Hitchcock moment: a cameo in a climactic scene. She appears toward the end of the movie as a patron of the art gallery put together by Higgins. “The one in ‘Darcy’ was teeny,” she said. “But this time, I had six outfits to choose from, and they did my hair and makeup.” Will she ever set a book in San Antonio? “I was just talking about starting a new series that probably will be set in a big city in Texas,” Wilson said. “It’s another another modern retelling of a famous book. … I should set it in San Antonio because I live here and know the city.” Jeanne Jakle’s column appears Wednesdays and Sundays in mySA. jjakle@express-news.net      Catch every San Antonio area moment! Click to like mySA on Facebook. The Latest DEA agent shoots suspect in narcotics investigation in S.A. Ex-judge accused of trading legal services for drugs, sex Man who rammed SAPD vehicle, hit 9 other cars is 28 Police: 2 women arrested in sex sting at Boerne massage parlor Another TV show bites the dust These internships pay more than your job 'Uncontrollable skid' pins woman, 23, underneath big rig Popular 2000s rock group announces S.A. show UTSA-ex John Bormann makes The Show — for one at-bat La Vernia ISD to investigate employees’ connection with... Alamo plan criticized Southtown spot among S.A.'s perfect eateries S.A. restaurants with perfect inspections in March Food on floor found at S.A. spot featured on national TV Fast food breakfast items with the highest calories Fast-food workers reveal the items you should never order 30 secret menu items at fast food restaurants Mexico captures 'El Chapo's' right-hand man Video shows 'El Chapo's' son kidnapped by rival cartel Mexico's deadly 'El Chapo' humanized in TV drama Mystery object leaves 'smoky trail' in S.A. Is black 'cube' over El Paso a hoax? Email exchange between astronaut, feds on alien life revealed Recent Breaking News Here's what we know about UT-Austin stabbing suspect Kendrex... Police: Large knife, baseball bat used in China Grove couple's... Student slain in UT-Austin stabbing attack wanted to pursue... Latest News Stars turn out for Planned Parenthood gala honoring Clinton Comedian Jim Gaffigan's wife Jeannie has brain tumor surgery Luis Miguel arrested, released, on warrant from civil case Science Says: Kimmel baby's heart defect is common, fixable Wrestling icon 'X-Pac' arrested for meth, weed at LA airport Met Gala: Inside, it's hard not to step on someone's dress Pressure on Fox to change not likely to go away Musician collapses during birthday concert finale and dies The Latest: Mexican singer Luis Miguel released from custody Beachgoers will have to shake off loss in Swift's shore town Most Popular 1 23-year-old woman killed in crash with 18-wheeler on NE side... 2 1 dead, multiple injured in stabbing attack on UT-Austin campus 3 Police say UT stabbing suspect suffered from mental illness,... 4 Here's what we know about UT-Austin stabbing suspect Kendrex... 5 ‘Pitch’ Canceled After One Season on Fox 6 Photo of Tim Duncan jersey on fire ignites outrage 7 San Antonio TV reporter booked on DWI charge 8 Linkin Park announces San Antonio concert date 9 Woman killed in crash with 18-wheeler on I-35 access road 10 Two San Antonio women arrested in prostitution sting at Boerne... 11 'Eff. These. Spinners:' Teachers 'hate' the hottest toy in the... 12 Hotel near Convention Center facing foreclosure 13 Internet throws Spurs under the bus after Rockets' blowout win 14 Houston man rehabs his garage to create an epic man cave 15 Jimmy John's is selling $1 subs on Tuesday for 'Customer... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home CNY's Job Hunt Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports High School Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors NY Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu High School Home Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Boys Hockey Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Wrestling Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Boys Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Ice Hockey Field Hockey Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Girls Tennis Competitive Cheer Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Gymnastics Girls Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Subscribe to our YouTube channel Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales comments Cops: Robbers punched Wal-Mart employee, customer in Cortlandville Print Email Samantha House | shouse@syracuse.com By Samantha House | shouse@syracuse.com The Post-Standard Email the author | Follow on Twitter on May 02, 2017 at 12:52 PM comments Mary J. LeDucCortland County Sheriff's Office  CORTLANDVILLE, N.Y. -- Two robbers punched a Wal-Mart employee who tried to stop them from stealing from the store, deputies said. Then, as they fled from Wal-Mart with the stolen goods, one suspect hit a customer who happened to be walking into the Cortland County store, deputies said. Mary J. LeDuc, 20, and a 15-year-old girl were arrested minutes after the robbery on Monday evening, said Lt. Todd Caufield, of the Cortland County Sheriff's Office. The incident started with a shoplifting complaint. An employee at the Wal-Mart in Cortlandville approached LeDuc and a teenager around 8:20 p.m. after they were spotted trying to steal merchandise from the Bennie Road store, Caufield said. When the employee tried to speak to the suspects, LeDuc and the teenager punched the employee, he said. LeDuc and the girl ran into a customer as they fled from the store, Caufield said. One of the robbers punched the customer before running out of Wal-Mart, he said. The woman jumped into a car and drove away from the store, Caufield said. Minutes later, the car was stopped less than 3 miles away on Route 215 near Gallagher Road. The suspects were arrested, and the stolen property was found inside the vehicle, Caufield said. The customer was taken by TLC Ambulance to the Cortland Regional Medical Center. She was evaluated and treated for a head injury, Caufield said. The employee declined treatment. LeDuc, of Preble Road, Little York, was arrested and charged with fourth-degree grand larceny, fourth-degree conspiracy and second-degree robbery, all felonies. She was also charged with two counts of endangering the welfare of a child and third-degree assault, all misdemeanors, along with two counts of second-degree harassment, a violation. LeDuc is being held in the Cortland County Jail in lieu of $5,000 cash or a $10,000 bail bond. The teenager's case will be handled in family court, Caufield said. Her name was not released.   Crime in Central NY Police Blotter Search for arrests by Syracuse and Central New York law enforcement agencies and New York State Police. Map: Onondaga County crimes More Crime & Safety news » More News Topics Traffic: Construction & road conditions Weather: Latest news & forecasts Syracuse & Central NY obituaries Active Discussions Most Read About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Advance Media New York Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Submit letter, commentary Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Media New York. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Media New York. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 105% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 105% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Amazon Isn't Killing Physical Retail Terrible fourth-quarter results, a slew of store closures, and bankruptcies have led to the perception that brick-and-mortar retail is experiencing a slow death. However, opportunities abound for retailers willing to adapt and evolve. Daniel B. Kline and Sarah Priestley (TMFDankline) May 2, 2017 at 12:21PM With all-too-frequent news of store closings and bankruptcies for physical retail chains like Wet Seal and Sports Authority, it can be easy to buy into the myth that e-commerce is replacing physical retail -- but that's far from the whole story. On this Consumer Goods episode of Industry Focus, analyst Sarah Priestley and contributor Daniel Kline explain how the physical retail industry is still very much alive and kicking, and what investors need to know about the space. Find out why some retail stores are failing while others are growing, which retailers to watch, what investors should look for to see how well they're handling the transition into the post-Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) retail world, and more. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on April 25, 2017. Sarah Priestley: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. It's Tuesday, April 25, and we're talking consumer goods and exploring the supposed death of the retail industry. For today only, I'm your host, Sarah Priestley, and joining me in the studio all the way from sunny Florida is our Motley Fool contributor Dan Kline. Daniel Kline: Hey, Sarah! We've been talking about doing this for over a year. Priestley: We finally made it, but you have the B-list presenter today. I'm really sorry about that, but Vince is on vacation. Kline: It's funny. For our audience, I should probably point out that presenter means host. [laughs]  Priestley: Host, sorry. Kline: Normally Vince is the host, and Sarah is sitting as the host today. Priestley: Fantastic, thank you for the clarification that we are not on a chat show. I'll dive straight into what are topic for today is: the supposed death of the retail industry. Retail spending as a whole, according to the Census Bureau, is up 5% year over year, and up 17% in the last five years. But the conventional wisdom as you described it in one of your recent articles, is that the retail industry is kind of dead, it's dying. And there's a lot of enthusiasm for that, and I'll play devil's advocate here for just a minute and go into that. On the surface, there's a lot of evidence that backs up that point. In the past year or two, we've had bankruptcies from Payless, The Limited, Wet Seal, Gander Mountain, Sports Authority, and recently we're seeing a lot of news about store closures. Macy's (NYSE:M) is closing 100 stores, J. C. Penney (NYSE:JCP) over 100, Sears (NASDAQ:SHLD) -- 78 Kmarts, 26 Sears locations, and they've even admitted substantial doubt in their ability to keep the doors open. Kline: It's one of those things where what you see isn't what's actually happening. You walk around the mall -- we were talking about this upstairs -- the mall near me, the lower-grade mall, about a third of it has become the fake edifices where they put a vending machine and a "Coming Soon" sign, and there's nothing there, because a lot of stores have gone out. RadioShack is one you didn't mention, they've closed 1,000 or 1,100 on their way to complete oblivion, their second bankruptcy. You look and go, "Oh my god, mall retailers are closing." My Macy's closed, the Macy's I could walk to from my house literally closed. And it would seem like that makes sense. The narrative is, the internet is killing physical retailers. Priestley: Yeah. The Amazon effect, as people call it. Kline: And I believed it as well. And then I went to the Shoptalk conference. I mention this because this research came from a gentleman named Kasey Lobaugh from Deloitte. What he pointed out, and he only showed one quarter's worth of data, and the people who track retail data, National Retail Federation and others, they don't break out internet versus physical retailer sales. So, this is a bit elusive. But, what he said is, during the fourth quarter, the holiday season, the overall dollar growth of physical and online was about the same, it was $12 billion each. In terms of physical retail, which is much bigger, that turned a 2%-3% gain. On the online side, it was 13%-15% gain. But, the reality is, what we're seeing is, failing stores are closing, and there are plenty of chains that are taking their places. If you look in the discount space, Dollar General is opening 1,000 stores this year, and they opened 1,000 last year. Even chains that have a perception of struggling, like Target (NYSE:TGT), are opening and adding. Target is going into markets that Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) had decided to not go after, which is cities, and they're putting in 20,000-30,000-square-foot stores, about 20% the size of their regular stores. You're seeing fragmentation and a shift in retail. Today, there was a story that Warby Parker, they eyeglasses people who both of us would probably do well to visit, is opening more retail stores. So, you're absolutely seeing the Amazon effect killing certain retailers, but it's also creating opportunity for other retailers. Priestley: Absolutely. I think the retailers that are being rewarded are the ones that are actually listening to their customer and understanding what their customers want. As you quite rightly pointed out, retail as a whole is growing. E-commerce is growing at a faster rate, but e-commerce as a whole is growing. I think Moody's estimates the discount environment to grow 7% this year. Obviously, people are still going to the stores. It's not like we're going to be telling our grandchildren what a shop was like and staying inside all the time. So, why do you really think that some of these stores have it right, and what do you think investors should be listening out for? Kline: If you're Dollar General, you're competing on price, you're basically going in and saying, "Amazon might be as cheap or even cheaper, but I have it now." They have hit the sweet spot when it comes to pricing. But a lot of the chains that are working are ones that offer an experience. Best Buy has turned the corner, and part of the reason Best Buy succeeds when we just lost hhgregg is, when you walked into hhgregg, it was very 1980s retail experience. There were refrigerators over there, there were stereos over here, there were computers. There was nothing joyous or interactive about the store. When you walk into a Best Buy now, you can go play with a Nintendo Switch, you can go sit in a chair and try out different audio systems. There's stores within a store, which is a concept J.C. Penney is using, too. We've talked, I have a background in retail, I ran a giant toy store for two years. If you give people a reason to come in, it could be as simple as there's a coffee shop in my book store and people want coffee, if they have to walk by all your merchandise on the way to the coffee or on the way to play the Nintendo Switch or on the way to get a haircut at JCPenney or take their picture at Sears or wherever it happens to be, that's a chance to capture them as a customer. So, retailers have to think smarter. I think that's something that Macy's missed out on, and Sears really missed out on. You go to Sears now and they're struggling, and it's still hard to find the merchandise you want. They have not made them. And I buy clothes at Sears sometimes, they have not made the shopping experience easy. The alternative is, I can go to Amazon and say, "I want pants, I want this size and color," and in two days they show up, and if they don't fit, I'm supposed to return them but I don't, so Amazon just gets another pair of pants sales from me. Priestley: Absolutely. I was listening to a webinar that was done by the same guy from Deloitte, and one of the things he was mentioning was, the department store construct actually doesn't work well for a holistic, natural kind of shopping experience. The example that he gave, which I'm going to paraphrase, is that when you go to the luggage section, you may want to buy luggage for your vacation, and what would be great to have with this is women's summer dresses and bikinis and flip flops and all those kinds of things. But because they're territorial about the space allocation, they're incapable of being flexible to provide customers want. Kline: But you are seeing more of that. We talked about Target before. The new Target setup that they're starting to roll out, I think it's about a third of their stores this year, is going to have one entrance for Grab & Go. So, you walk in, you want a snack, you want a drink, maybe they've found that toilet paper is something that people just want to buy and leave, they need toilet paper -- that's a terrible example. The second entrance is going to be clothing and seasonal items and things people take more time to buy. So, as a retailer, you have to align your store to your market. It's very simple. If I walk into a liquor store, they've figured out a long time ago to put the gin next to the tonic, and that the olives should probably be somewhere close by. But when you walk into a Macy's, shoes and socks are not necessarily in the same place, or pants and belts, or to take it, as you did, to another level, where you go to these more esoteric connections. You need to see more dynamically changing stores, where they're seasonally really making moves to captivate customers. And you have to just make shopping fun. Priestley: Yeah, absolutely. I think another thing is, a lot of these retailers sell things that are so easily commoditized online. And like you said, if they don't have that experience element to the shopping experience, they're going to lose out. If you take Home Depot, for example, their stock is up 10% this year, which is completely different from the rest of the retail environment. They offer something that you really can't replicate online. They have experts who are going to give DIY-ers advice. You can't really sell lumber or deliver lumber and paving slabs that easily. And I admit that that's very difficult to transfer to clothes and things like that, but it's a similar principle. You're getting a lot more of a value proposition. Kline:There's also an immediacy. Obviously, if you're going to buy drywall at Home Depot, you're either going to pay them a fortune to deliver it. It doesn't really matter if you come into the store how you get it. But if your sink is broken and you need a plumbing piece, you don't want to wait for two days. And Amazon has some methods of dealing with that. They have a patent application on a truck that drives around that can 3D print parts like that. But until things like that exist, a lot of the demand at a store like Home Depot is, "It's Saturday and I'm free and I'm going to build a fire pit outside." Or, "Oh my God, my toilet doesn't flush anymore, I have to get the pieces to do that." But other retailers have to figure out how to make that happen. Do you buy clothes online? Priestley: No, I don't. I don't buy clothes online because I would like to try clothes on and feel them and everything else before. And what my husband believes is going to happen is that you almost have a showroom where you go and try the clothes on and then order them and they are delivered at home. I don't know if I buy into that, because I very much like to feel the weight of what I've bought when I've bought it. But, that's another possibility. Kline: I do a mix. I will go to a Kohl's or Macy's and I'll buy a shirt. And if I like the shirt, I will then by 10 more of the shirt online. I agree, especially with women's sizing, a small doesn't mean things the way, men's sizes are more exact in terms of inches and length. So, it can be a challenge. But I think the tools are eventually going to make it so you can virtually try things on. Priestley: That's true. I wonder how much they're going to catch on. I know there's a lot of tech disruption people are talking about. [Virtual reality], you can look at a screen and it will try on the clothes for you without you having to actually go into a changing room. I don't know how much they're going to catch on, and if that's really where the tech disruption is happening. I think the tech disruption is happening much more in terms of the granularity of information that you have over your consumers' social media campaigns, all those things that probably weren't available when these big stores were established. But, I really think, as you said, they could take lessons from these nimble start-up companies that have entered the market with zero barriers and are really cashing in on where the retailers are failing.  Kline: And I think one of the things you're seeing with Wal-Mart, which is another retailer that's had its struggles but is quietly growing and adding stores, is the true integration of "buy online, return in store." I buy from Amazon almost every day. And I joked earlier, but if I buy a shirt and it doesn't fit, the odds of me going through the trouble of returning it are very, very low. If all I had to do was walk to the mall and drop it off at the Amazon kiosk, that would be a lot easier. For now, Target, Wal-Mart, even Costco is playing with this a little bit, have that advantage that you can buy something digitally, and when it doesn't work out, it's a lot easier to return it than having to figure out how to get UPS to pick up at your house. Priestley: And that's really a small example of a bigger problem with this. Omnichannel, for a lot of the traditional retailer CEOs, really means you have your store and you have your online presence, whereas those things, those two things are basically integrated, they're essentially the same thing. We are online all the time, I can be in a Target store and checking on Amazon to do a price comparison. It's those kinds of things that I think they need to stop looking at it like, "5% of revenue is from mobile and 95% is from in store, so all my focus needs to go on the in store," and actually focus on the two things as an integrated experience. Kline: Marc Lore from Wal-Mart, who runs their digital operation, talked about this. I think more chains need to bring in digital-first people and empower then. Priestley: Absolutely, he came from Jet.com through the acquisition. Kline: And he created Quidsi, which is Diapers.com. He's been a serial success-failure. He's had companies that weren't making any money that scared Amazon. First Amazon brought Quidsi, and then Walmart bought Jet, which was a company losing money on $1 billion in sales. He's a really interesting case. When you inject him into this old line way of thinking at Walmart, he goes, "Wait a minute, we are not going to compete with Amazon by selling a Prime knockoff. It isn't going to work. So let's just give it away." You have to be willing -- this is a very tough thing for a retail CEO to deal with -- to have some bad quarters, because you're going to cut into your margins, you're going to do a lot of negatives. But if you can capture a customer and have a good experience, I bought some things online at Kohl's, and they shower you with discounts and all sorts of other ways to get you back, it was a pleasant experience and I would absolutely buy from them again. And I think that's what more of your Macy's and your other chains -- it might be too late for Sears, I'm not sure Shop Your Way, which they talk about being the future of the company, has any customers. But you really need to break everything and figure out, "I have this asset, these physical stores, how do I keep my customers a customer whether they're coming into that store or not?" Priestley: And on that point about the physical stores and the size, I'm interested to get your opinion on whether all of this space is still going to be saved, because I have an interesting statistic. The U.S. has six times more square feet per capita retail space than the U.K. And obviously, so that is the availability of space. But, that's a huge amount of retail space. Can all of this be used? Kline: No. It's too much. We talked a lot about this -- there's jokes on The Simpsons about the sad mall, but most communities have the sad mall, which maybe has the C-level Macy's or JCPenney's as the anchor, and it's the only mall that has some local stores, and maybe one of those places that sells $49 suits. I think you're going to start to see -- and, actually, we talked about this a little bit upstairs -- the new mall is going to push out the old mall. You're going to see closures. There's a demand for housing, so you're going to see a lot of conversions. We have too much retail space. There were a lot of articles this week about how difficult it's going to be to fill the 300-something hhgregg stores. There's only so many trampoline places that can go into a town, or movie theaters. And yeah, some malls can be anchored by grocery stores. But, no, we have too much space, and there's going to be an absolute pullback in that area. Priestley: The concluding thoughts on that basis, then, is that some are going to lose, but generally, if you can target your customer, if you can meet your customer where they're at, you can still make the most of the space that you have. Kline: Yeah. I think you have to do what JCPenney is doing and look at your stores, and maybe get rid of some of them. Or, change locations. Apple near where my mom lives, in Salem, Massachusetts, was in the mall. They've recently moved to an outdoor plaza, because they found that if you're going to get your iMac repaired, it's a giant pain to walk a 27 inch computer through the mall, drop it off, then come back and pick it up, whereas if they could locate in this lifestyle plaza, you can park right in front of the store, you can walk in, and it's a much easier shopping experience. So, I think stores and retailers need to examine on a store-by-store, location-by-location basis, does this location make sense? Can I make better use of the space? Can I bring in vendors or partners? Are there services? If I'm a JCPenney, should I double down on salons, should I put in a massage studio, should there be yoga at Barnes & Noble (NYSE: BKS)? Who knows what else. I've joked for years that Barnes & Noble should put in music lessons because it would be a very logical tie-in to what they do, and they already sell all the books. You should be looking at diversification and capturing people and going beyond shopping. There's very little that you need that it isn't easier to get from Amazon. So, if the experience isn't enjoyable, and there isn't a nice cup of coffee or a frozen yogurt or something that's part of the experience, then you aren't going to leave your house. Priestley: You said double down, that was the phrase you used on the concept, and I think that's exactly right. The problem with department stores now is they're trying to be everything to everybody, and have not really been successful anywhere. I think these companies need to know who their audience is, who their consumer is, and really facilitate what they want. Barnes & Noble yoga classes sounds ridiculous, but if Barnes & Noble's cafe has a lot of stay-at-home mothers and young students that might be interested in doing things like that, then it's a great idea. Kline: If you're Barnes & Noble, you're locked into leases, very long-term leases, in a lot of cases. And you used to stock music, DVDs. Priestley: Those things used to exist. [laughs]  Kline: You don't need those anymore. And while they've brought in games and some other sort of incidental retail, most Barnes & Nobles locations have big, empty spaces. So, what do you do with the space? You could make it a day care, you could make it a yoga studio, you could make it music -- you know, privacy places, whatever it is, figure out how to monetize that. Retailers use a formula where they look at, how many dollars is this square foot producing? If it's just picnic tables where people can read your magazines for free, it's not producing any dollars. There's a lot of low-impact ways -- bring in an outside vendor. What's compatible to book sales? Maybe women's shoes are up. Super logical. You find there's a correlation, maybe it's pet supplies. I don't know what the answer is. But, do those studies, and go to those vendors. If you go to Wal-Mart in certain markets, there's eyeglass places that are not Wal-Mart, there's Music and Arts, which is a chain of music retailers that specializes is mostly in elementary school kids and lessons. Find the things your customers want and bring them in. Even if it's just a breakeven, they're going to shop at you more. Costco worries about frequency of visits. The reason they essentially give away gas is because you're going to come to Costco more often, you're going to be more tied to them, you're going to renew your membership, maybe you'll buy more stuff. Every store needs to think that way.  Priestley: So, final thought, if I'm a Macy's or a Sears investor, what would you advise me to listen out to, and in the earnings call, what would you want to see from management? Kline: If you're a Sears investor, don't believe anything they're saying. It's a bit of a shell game. Vince and I have talked about this at least four or five times. If you have $2 billion in assets and $8 billion in debt, you might be able to use your assets for a certain amount of time to forestall your debt. But if you haven't fundamentally changed your business, which they have not, then you're in real trouble. Macy's is a different story. Macy's is a profitable company that's not as profitable, that's struggling. I would look at, are there really new ideas? Are they doing things differently? Are they making bold changes? I would like to see Macy's testing 10 concepts that seven of them sound crazy to see what they are. Maybe they're renting out birthday party clowns in one store, and they are putting an upscale cafes, which I think some Macy's actually have. But, find different things, try different things. Also realize that if you're Macy's, the negativity is partially because you are a publicly traded company, which is expected to grow, grow, grow. As a private company, which could happen, there has been some interest in buying them, they're a stable business that just needs to pivot. They're not a failing business the way Sears is. Priestley: OK. Well, that's great, thank you very much. Dan, do you have any more final thoughts? Kline: I'm just happy to have done this. And you got through it! Sarah was very nervous as we headed into this. Priestley: Well, I have big shoes to fill with Vince usually hosting this. Kline: Lots of jokes I could make about Vince's shoes there. But we look forward to having him back. Priestley: Listeners, that does it for this episode of Industry Focus. If you have any questions or you just want to reach out and say, "Hello," shoot us an email at industryfocus@fool.com, or tweet us @MFIndustryFocus. If you're looking for more of our content, subscribe on iTunes or check out the Fool's family of shows at fool.com/podcasts. As always, people on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear. For Dan Kline, I'm Sarah Priestley, thanks for listening and Fool on! Sarah Priestley has no position in any stocks mentioned. Daniel Kline owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Apple, Costco Wholesale, and Moody's. The Motley Fool recommends Home Depot. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline and Sarah Priestley (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info May 2, 2017 at 12:21PM Consumer Goods Stocks J.C. Penney NYSE:JCP $5.44 up $0.09 (1.68%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $946.94 down $-1.29 (-0.14%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $75.52 up $0.29 (0.39%) Target NYSE:TGT $56.16 up $0.39 (0.70%) Macy's NYSE:M $29.50 up $0.64 (2.22%) Sears Holdings NASDAQ:SHLD $10.71 up $0.49 (4.79%) Read More 3 Things You Didn't Know About McDonald's Corporation Coach Inc. Shows Progress in Its Turnaround Plan Why Shares of Nautilus Inc. Popped 11% Today Altria Falls Short on Falling Volume, Sluggish Sales Growth Rent-A-Center's First-Quarter Earnings Beat Drives Shares 12% Higher Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Amazon Isn't Killing Physical Retail @themotleyfool #stocks $JCP, $AMZN, $WMT, $TGT, $M, $SHLD
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:00 GMT, May 03, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica Harrowing note about Chinese prison labor found in Walmart purchase Published time: 2 May, 2017 16:42 Get short URL © Daniel Becerril / Reuters A purse bought at an Arizona Walmart came with a letter, purportedly from an inmate at a Chinese prison who communicated 14-hour workdays with no break and threats of violence for unfinished labor. The $25 bag, purchased at a Walmart in Sierra Vista, Arizona, came with a note hidden deep within a zippered pocket, according to Christel Wallace, who bought the purse earlier this year. Wallace found the note months later, in March, according to the Arizona Daily Star. Laura Wallace, her daughter-in-law, then took the note and posted it on Facebook in late April. The author of the letter wrote of "inmates in the Yingshan Prison in Guangxi, China" who work "14 hours daily with no break/rest at noon, continue working overtime until 12 midnight, and whoever doesn’t finish his work will be beaten." The inmates are underfed and underpaid, the writer added, and medical costs are deducted from their paychecks. "Being a prisoner in China is even worse than being a horse, cow, sheep, pig or dog in the US," the note says, according to a full translation by the Huffington Post. A Walmart spokesperson has asked Wallace to contact the company in order to help "verify the letter's authenticity," Huffington Post reported. Read more Nestle admits possibility of slave labor in its coffee supply chain "[W]e take allegations like this seriously," said Ragan Dickens, Walmart’s director of national media relations. "With the limited information we now have, it is difficult to verify the letter’s authenticity." The company told the Daily Star that the global retail giant has strict requirements for its suppliers. "I can tell you that one of our requirements for the suppliers who supply products for sale at Walmart is all work should be voluntary as indicated in our Standards for Suppliers," a spokesman said. The note should be exposed for the public's consideration, Laura Wallace told KVOA. "I don’t have the means or the access to help in any way. So I think this was my way of putting in my two cents," Wallace said. "I don’t want this to be an attack on any store ... That's not the answer. This is happening at all kinds of places and people just probably don't know." Yet, much is known about the common exploitation of prison and slave laborers around the world who supply corporate retailers with cheap goods. The director of China Labor Watch told the Daily Star that Walmart's sheer size and reach make the company one of the most notorious benefactors of involuntary work. Read more Wal-Mart, Red Lobster, Whole Foods and other retailers sell slave-peeled shrimp – report "Walmart are bad actors in the situation," Quiang Li said. "They set a very bad example for the other companies." In the US, discontent over unpaid and under-paid prison labor triggered a nationwide prison strike in September that included more than 24,000 inmates in at least a dozen states, according to strike organizers. Inmates protested a host of problems facing the incarcerated population, such as the low wages they receive for involuntary work that benefits the facilities where they are held and a long list of private companies that contract out labor to prisons. The 2016 prison work stoppage – planned to coincide with the anniversary of the Attica uprising in 1971, a seminal moment for the prisoners' rights movement in the US – became the largest such strike in US history. Where to watch Schedule ‘Just like a plantation’: Texas inmates go on strike over slave-like conditions ‘End prison slavery!’ 24,000+ inmates join nationwide jail strike (VIDEO) Santa Clara Jail inmates go on hunger strike to protest inhumane treatment ‘Concerned for his safety’: Alabama organizer of prison labor protest goes on hunger strike Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
null
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Heart-stopping new eyewitness video shows the moment police stormed in and shot dead San Diego pool party gunman after he killed one and injured seven others  Has Melania been hacked? First Lady's personal Twitter account 'likes' a post that mocks her marriage to Donald Trump backed up with infamous Inauguration clip Kim Jong-un may be planning to use his nuclear weapons to 'blackmail' the US into abandoning South Korea so he can take the country over, White House warns Manhunt underway after two cops are shot while sitting in their car 'in targeted attack' in Chicago's South Side  Adam Jones gets a standing ovation from Red Sox fans a day after he was racially abused at Fenway Park but black players including Yankees' CC Sabathia say they 'all know' what to expect at the stadium Soldier who conned his way into a free house and charity money using war story of injured vet who killed himself is sentenced to two years behind bars under the 'Stolen Valor' act Texas police officer who shot dead a 15-year-old boy with a rifle as he left a high school house party is fired Steve Bannon unwittingly reveals his VERY long White House to-do list while 'the great friend of the Jewish State' poses for a photograph with a visiting Rabbi  Trump was 'directly involved' in finding rogue National Park employee who tweeted disparaging pictures of his inauguration crowd Trump touts budget deal as he hosts the Air Force football team at the White House in front of Ivanka, presenting them with the Commander-in-Chief's trophy  'Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary': Trump responds to Clinton's blame game, claiming FBI director gave her a 'free pass for many bad deeds' 'Had the election been on October 27 I'd be your president': Hillary Clinton blames Russians, Comey and misogyny for painful loss - but boasts she still got three million more votes than Trump Hillary Clinton slams 'groups of men' for trying to decide the future of women's health protection as she is supported by Meryl Streep for the second time in 24 hours  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ivanka Trump's husband Jared Kushner sweetly hands out doughnuts to their Secret Service agents with daughter Arabella, after the couple's VERY early trip to the gym $120 million MORE is set aside for Trump family's security – including $23 million to protect Trump Tower, where the president hasn't set foot since he took office 'Come on Sean!' Furious reporters erupt when Spicer abruptly ends press briefing without taking any questions We won a great victory under the radar: Trump claims Dems gave him a 'down payment' on his border wall and didn't realize it Spot the difference! Our Mexican wall is 'see through' says the White House as it unveils picture of what used to be called a FENCE to show plan for Trump's 'beautiful' wall 'The only thing your mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin's c**k holster': Stephen Colbert branded a 'homophobe' for his 'below the belt' joke about President Trump Trump and Putin agree to 'end the violence' in Syria during a 'very business-like' phone call amid strained relations and discuss a potential summer showdown meeting Are you taking notes, Harry? Meghan Markle opens up about her love of roast chicken dinners, handwritten missives and movie marathons with wine in a revealing interview 'If you don't like the royals just do one and stay quiet!' Overwhelming response after vile internet trolls posted hateful comments about Princess Charlotte's birthday portrait William and Harry will share intimate memories of their mother for a TV documentary that promises to paint the 'definitive portrait' of Diana on the 20th anniversary of her death  Princess Diana's ex-bodyguard insists she would be ALIVE if she had kept her royal security after her divorce Previous Next The village time nearly forgot: Spa town that drew 10,000 people a year to its mineral springs in the 1800s is back on the map after falling into disrepair Sharon Springs used to be one of the best spa towns of the mid-1800s, attracting 10,000 visitors, including wealthy New York City families such as the Vanderbilts The town fell into disrepair as spas became less popular after the World Wars and the Great Depression Today there are still several abandoned hotels around the village, but Sharon Springs is making a comeback An investment company is currently renovating an old bath house and plans to restore two abandoned hotels to bring back the spa industry  By Ann Schmidt For Dailymail.com Published: 09:58 EDT, 2 May 2017 | Updated: 10:28 EDT, 2 May 2017 e-mail 4.5k shares 81 View comments It's classic small town America with a twist. The tiny village of Sharon Springs, New York, has only 614 residents and one main drag. There is one district school building for all 300 students in the village and a couple of cafes, restaurants and specialty shops. The biggest employer is the Wal Mart distribution center, though there is no actual Wal Mart in town. To the dismay of many residents, a Dollar General just arrived, though it is technically outside the tiny village's limits. Sharon Springs also hosts abandoned buildings - hotels and spas that in many cases had been left just as they were when they were used, with sheets still on the beds and dishes still on the tables. To an outsider, it might seem abandoned, but the little village in upstate New York is actually on its way up. Sharon Springs, New York, used to be one of the best spa towns of the 19th century, bringing 10,000 visitors to its four mineral springs. The village had many beautiful hotels where visitors could stay, but since spas fell out of fashion after the First World War, Sharon Springs almost fell into abandonment. Today many of the old hotels are still there but have fallen into disrepair like the Columbia Hotel, pictured Many wealthy people from New York City would come to Sharon Springs in the summertime to enjoy the baths and spas that the village had to offer. A group of men from New York City are pictured in 1888 outside the Pavilion Hotel, which has since been demolished Things weren't always like this for the village. It used to be one of the best resort towns of the mid-19th century, attracting 10,000 visitors to its four mineral water springs. At the time, mineral springs were used for medical treatments and in the summers wealthy families from New York City, including the Vanderbilts, would travel up to Sharon Springs for the spas. From 1836 to 1860, several large hotels were built in the village and many are still there today – though abandoned. Mineral baths became less popular in the 1890s, so the summer resort town started seeing fewer visitors, but it retained a large Jewish population because of social biases in rival spa town Saratoga Springs. Sharon Springs really started to deteriorate with the effects of the First World War and then the Great Depression. There was a brief surge in visitors after the Second World War when Holocaust survivors came to the village for the healing waters, but that wasn't enough to completely save the town. Today Sharon Springs is improving. Though it only has 614 residents and one district school building for all its 300 students, there are several cafes and specialty shops, like these pictured on Main Street, the busiest street in the village When Sharon Springs was at its height, the village hosted an annual 'Flower Parade', pictured around 1890, as well as other parades throughout the summer. Today Sharon Springs still hosts yearly festivals and events that draw thousands of people, like the 'Garden Party' in May, the 'Harvest Festival' in September and the 'Victorian Holiday Celebration' in December Sandra Manko, 77 is a life-long resident of Sharon Springs and the Vice President of the Sharon Historical Society. She told DailyMail.com that because of the changing cultural attitude of Americans after the World Wars and economic decline of the Great Depression, spas just weren't as popular as they used to be. 'The vacationing public was no longer interested in quiet leisure time pursuits that were offered here and the health treatments utilizing mineral waters weren't in vogue. 'People have pointed in many directions to lay the blame for Sharon Springs' failure to revitalize and some said it was leaders who lacked vision, some said it was greedy landlords who used their dilapidated facilities for tax loopholes and some said the local residents were apathetic, but even in the 1930s, Sharon Springs was in a position to give serious competition to Saratoga Springs.'  Sharon Springs has four different mineral waters that people were drawn to because of their different healing qualities. The village had sulfur, magnesia, chalybeate and 'Blue Stone' springs. Pictured is the Magnesia Temple made of cast iron and in the center under the roof is the fountain Inside the Magnesia Temple visitors could get magnesia water from the fountain, pictured in 1880. Magnesia water was known for its benefits for internal organs and according to Sharon Springs historian and native Sandra Manko, it acted as a laxative in full doses, but in smaller amounts it works as an antacid The Magnesia Temple, pictured in 1870, was on the grounds of the Congress Park Hotel, which was built in 1860 but burned to the ground in 1975. Today the Magnesia Temple is still there People are pictured gathered under a sulfur 'temple' in Sharon Springs in 1950. 'Temple' was just the term used for a building over a spring and the village had several Even though Sharon Springs had more and better mineral water treatments, it is hemmed in by hills and is farther from the capital than Saratoga Springs, which also had more room to expand. Today Saratoga Springs is a bustling city of 26,586.  'It was a matter of economics and political patronage that Saratoga Springs profited and Sharon Springs declined,' Ms Manko said. 'But to be realistic about it, it was probably changing times and the lack of funds that have combined to cause the demise of the Sharon Springs spa facilities.' It also didn't help that in the mid-1950s, the New York State Thruway, a set of highways throughout the state, was built. The system routed traffic away from the village, so fewer visitors than before happened upon Sharon Springs. As someone who grew up in the village, Ms Manko remembers that even as late as the 50s, summers were busy and hotels and bath houses were where kids got their summer jobs. In fact, future New York City mayor Edward Koch was a busboy at one of the hotels in the summer of 1946, at 22. But as the 50s passed, Ms Manko remembers the town fell into a steady decline that has only recently started to turn around. In the past 15 years or so people have been drawn to Sharon Springs for a variety of reasons, Ms Manko says. People are attracted to the history and the architecture of the village and subsequently some of the previously abandoned hotels have been bought and renovated. One of the things that has helped bring attention to Sharon Springs was a reality TV show that aired for two seasons in 2010 and 2011. The Fabulous Beekman Boys followed Josh Kilmer-Purcell and his partner Dr Brent Ridge as they ran the Beekman Farm and made things like goat milk soap and cheese. Today their mercantile company Beekman 1802 has become well-known. The Beekman 1802 store, pictured, is on Main Street in Sharon Springs Though Sharon Springs attracted thousands of visitors in the summers, the village retained a small population of residents. This family the Gardners, are pictured on the front porch of their house in 1888, which is still in Sharon Springs today. The Gardners built the largest hotel in Sharon Springs, the Pavilion Hotel and ran the Imperial Bath & Spa house from 1836 to 1940 There was also an attraction to farming life, as depicted by a reality TV show called the Fabulous Beekman Boys, which aired from 2010 to 2011. The show followed a couple from New York City, Josh Kilmer-Purcell and his partner Dr. Brent Ridge, as they ran the Beekman Farm, which they purchased in 2007. The couple still raise goats, pigs, chickens and a keep a llama and make products such as goat milk soap and cheese. And today their mercantile company, Beekman 1802 has become a well-known lifestyle brand. A Korean investment company called Sharon Springs, Inc. has also come to the village with the intention of opening a spa and resort on the property of the old Imperial Bath & Spa house and renovating two hotels, the Adler and the Columbia. The company bought the three properties in 2004, but plans for renovations weren't finalized and approved until last year. They are investing $9.5 million to renovate the bath house and construction on the site has already begun. Renovations on the two hotels are scheduled to follow the bath house. There are several reasons that Sharon Springs fell into disrepair. After the World Wars and the Great Depression spas became less popular and Sharon Springs didn't get as much funding from Albany as its rival spa town, Saratoga Springs, which is closer to the capital. Pictured is the abandoned Columbia Hotel Investment company Sharon Springs, Inc. has already started the process of restoring the abandoned Imperial Bath & Spa house and turning into a functioning spa facility. When the Imperial is completed, they plan to renovate the Columbia hotel and the Adler hotel, pictured The Adler Hotel, pictured, was the last large hotel to be built in Sharon Springs. It was built in 1926 and had 150 rooms, its own bath house, theater, ballroom and kosher kitchen. The Adler closed in 2004 and was one of the last grand hotels to be closed Sharon Springs also hosts festivals every year that draw thousands of visitors to the tiny village, like their spring 'Garden Party' in May, the 'Harvest Festival' in September and the 'Victorian Holiday Celebration' in December. The mineral water springs are still running and now that more investors have come to the village to restore some of the buildings and events are gaining more publicity, Ms Manko thinks that Sharon Springs is coming back. 'I think people will come here because people love to pamper themselves,' she said. 'I feel like [spas have] gained popularity and it all comes back – whether it's because you don't feel well or you just feel like pampering yourself, I think it's becoming more popular. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Stunning historic Tudor manor with 15th century palace ruins... A home fit for royalty: Inside the $48million,... The curtain will not rise again: Sad images show the fading... Share this article Share 'So I'm hoping that just as people 100 years ago, 200 years ago, were drawn here for the waters, I'm hoping the new venture of the new investors will bring crowds of people here once again.' But that's just in terms of visitors. Like any small town in America, there is a tension between growth in Sharon Springs and its survival. Residents want to retain the small-town atmosphere that makes it so well loved. But it's not perfect. Though knowing everyone can be nice, it can also cause friction. Many people in the village were born and raised there, but there are also plenty of transplants who came to start new lives.  Together it makes for a quirky little American village with interesting characters drawn to the prospect of renovating an old building, trying their hand at farming or just an escape from the fast pace of big city life. And the residents have been generally accepting to those who do their part, especially in order to help save the town. The Smith Empie and Smith building, pictured, was built in 1910. The building was first used as a clothes and souvenir shop, but went on to house a variety store, a mail order business and an art gallery at different times. In 1994 it was recognized on New York State's Register of Historic Places and the National Register Though Sharon Springs is trying to bring back the spas and resorts, a number of people have been drawn to the village for the change of pace from city life. Pictured is Spring House Spa on Main Street Even though there is revitalization in Sharon Springs, there are also many abandoned buildings and hotels, like the Columbia Hotel, pictured The Columbia Hotel, pictured, is surrounded by trees and boarded up. Sharon Springs, Inc. plans to restore the hotel, though previously there were reports that the hotel would be demolished completely  Local rumors say that the Adler Hotel, pictured, was the location for several horror films including The Shining, though the rumors have not been confirmed The Adler Hotel, pictured, is the third scheduled renovation for Sharon Springs, Inc's plans in the village. The Adler is one of the most famous hotels in Sharon Springs Though the Adler, pictured, has been boarded up, people will sometimes sneak in to take photographs of what was left behind after the hotel was closed in 2004, right before Sharon Springs, Inc bought the property This is possibly another spring 'temple' that is currently under construction. The waters in Sharon Springs are still there and residents hope that the revitalization of spas in the village will draw more visitors again    'It just screamed possibility': Sharon Springs Mayor Doug Plummer has worked for years to help revitalize the village and hopes to keep improving the town It was love at first sight. Doug Plummer and his husband Garth Roberts were visiting Sharon Springs for the first time in 1990, looking for a country house to spend their weekends away from their crazy New York City schedules.  As they were driving through the village for the first time, they passed the American Hotel, which had been abandoned for 30 years. Trees were growing through the porch and the roof had a giant hole, but Doug, who is known for his indecision, knew the moment he saw it that he wanted to buy the American. That wouldn't happen for another six years, but now that he and Garth have been running the American for 17 years, he wouldn't change a thing. 'Every time I walk into that damn thing, I just get feelings of euphoria,' he said. Doug Plummer, 56, pictured, and his husband Garth Roberts, 55, bought a house in Sharon Springs in 1990, which they renovated on weekends while they lived in New York City during the week. Eventually they got tired of their constantly moving lifestyle, so they settled in Sharon Springs in 1992 Today, Doug, 56, not only runs the American Hotel with his husband Garth, 55, he has also been the mayor of the village for the past four years. 'It's so funny that I say things like tax burden and I talk about sewer infrastructure all the time now and I just wanted to be pretty and popular. You know, that's all I wanted in life and then now I'm neither and I talk about sewer infrastructure all the time,' Doug says, laughing. Only 27 years ago, Doug and Garth were in New York City practically living the dream. Garth was a Broadway keyboard player, conductor and music director and Doug was an actor and caterer at Glorious Food. After Garth had spent a year on the national tour of Cats, the couple had saved up enough money to buy a weekend home upstate. They were looking for a fixer-upper and though Doug has his reserves about upstate New York, as they came to view houses in 1990, he said: 'My eyes opened to one of the most beautiful parts of the world.' After seeing a frightening-looking house outside the town of Cobleskill, Doug and Garth saw another just outside Sharon Springs. It was a hired man's home on a dairy farm and listed at $25,000, though they only paid $20,000 which would be $42,000 today. 'We just thought oh my god we could buy this with a personal check. Which is just insane and so we did,' Doug laughed. When they first drove through Sharon Springs in 1990, Doug saw the American Hotel, which was falling apart at the time, and knew instantly that he wanted to buy it and restore it. He and Garth did end up buying the hotel and renovating it. This year the American, pictured, is opening for its 17th season The American Hotel, pictured in about 1935, was built in 1847 in the style of Greek Revival. When Doug saw it in 1990, it had been abandoned for 30 years but now it is a fully-functioning hotel  After watching the American Hotel deteriorate for several years, Doug decided he couldn't live in Sharon Springs unless he and Garth could buy it and renovate it, which they did. They bought it in 1996 and it was open for business in 2000. Pictured is the lobby of the hotel For the next year, Garth and Doug would take the almost-four-hour drive upstate for the weekend to rebuild the house using Time-Life home renovation books as their guide. They continued to work their hectic New York City schedules during the week while Garth had another Broadway show. 'To be perfectly honest, it was wonderful,' Doug said. 'It was so much fun and we tore this house apart and then we put it back together. And in the meantime realized how much loved the country. We loved this wacky community of Sharon Springs. 'A year later we decided, let's move up there full time. You know the New York thing is great, but is this it? You know, you're always going to be going from a gig to a gig to a show to a show and' as Doug is talking, he breaks into song: "Is that all there is?" He goes back to talking: 'So we said – all these other people seem to lead perfectly wonderful lives up in the country, why can't we? And so we moved up here.' That was in 1992 and early on, Doug and Garth found their place. Even though small towns can be difficult to move into, Sharon Springs has a background of welcoming outsiders as long as they contribute. And that's just what Doug and Garth did. 'Instead of being like, "you know what you people oughta do?" We just kind of got here and said "do you mind if we help out and can we just hide here for a while? You have a great community that we want to be a part of". 'Seeing a village like this, it just screamed possibility… I looked at all these buildings and I just saw potential.' Now Doug and Garth have moved on to another renovation project: an old theater, pictured, with a Freemasons Lodge above it. The building is right across the street from the American Hotel When Doug and Garth renovated their first Sharon Springs house in 1991, they used Time-Life home renovation books to redo the entire thing and Doug, pictured inside the Freemason lodge, said: 'It was so much fun and we tore this house apart and then we put it back together' Before the hotel or the lodge, pictured, and theater, Doug and Garth opened a café in 1993 because Garth liked to bake. They called it the Rockville Café and Bakery and it quickly became the place to socialize in Sharon Springs Garth soon decided he wanted to open a café and bakery, which he and Doug did in 1993. They called it the Rockville Café and Bakery and it quickly became the place where people came to socialize. Around the same time, the American Hotel went up for sales tax, but the couple couldn't afford it after opening the café. Someone else bought it, but didn't do anything to restore it. Eventually Doug told Garth: 'We have to buy it and fix it or we have to move.' He couldn't stand watching the American disintegrate.  'At the time, buying it and fixing it seemed more cost-effective,' Doug laughed. 'In hindsight moving would have been a hell of a lot easier.' They bought the hotel in 1996 and got to work fixing the roof and the foundation. By October 2000, they brought in contractors to renovate the gutted building and eight months later the American was open for business. Now they're working on another restoration project: an old Freemason lodge and theater. When Doug and Garth moved to Sharon Springs, they tried to keep a helpful attitude. Doug said: 'Instead of being like, "you know what you people oughta do?" We just kind of got here and said "do you mind if we help out and can we just hide here for a while? You have a great community that we want to be a part of".' Pictured is the lodge above the theater Doug and Garth also helped to start a Chamber of Commerce and Doug is now the mayor, after serving on the village board. Pictured is a desk in the Freemasons lodge One of the things that Doug really loved about Sharon Springs is that with everything falling apart, he 'saw potential'. He added: 'Seeing a village like this, it just screamed possibility'. Pictured is a piano and music in the lodge Doug became Sharon Spring's mayor in 2012 and this year he is up for re-election. He plans to keep running because 'there's too much unfinished'. Pictured is a table with pamphlets in the Masonic lodge The couple also helped start a Chamber of Commerce and in 2005 Doug ran for election to the village board, eventually leading him to run for mayor in 2012. This year he's up for re-election. 'I'm going to run again because there's too much unfinished,' he said, adding: 'Just to keep the momentum going. 'It's been an amazing experience seeing this village rise like the phoenix… We look at the village and think, god it was just – wasn't it just last week it was a ghost town and now there's all sorts of activity.' And though there is and has always been the same tensions of small-town America, with bigotry and plenty of social and political disagreements, at its core, Sharon Springs is a close-knit community. 'It goes back to that thing – I might not like you, but if the baby's sick of course I'm going to be there with a dinner, we're all going to take turns making sure that you're taken care of. And that's what people do.' When he first got to Sharon Springs, Doug heard the village siren go off and was confused about what it was. Someone explained to him that at the end of the siren a different number of rings would go off to note what kind of an emergency it was, whether a fire, an ambulance or a car accident. 'Everybody kind of stops and listens and I thought "god, in New York all you do is think why is that so loud? And that's such a disruption". And here, chances are you know who that's happening to. So it brings it down to a very, very personal level. You know like, oh god I can't stand Mrs So-and-So, but oh my god, her husband has fallen. 'It takes a lot of the other petty stuff and brings it down to the thing that makes us all the same and kind of highlights the humanity that we all share.' Even though Doug says there is still more to do, he has seen a lot of progress from when he and Garth moved to Sharon Springs in 1992. He said: 'It's been an amazing experience seeing this village rise like the phoenix.' Pictured is the kitchen in the Freemasons lodge Doug added: 'We look at the village and think, god it was just – wasn't it just last week it was a ghost town and now there's all sorts of activity'. Pictured are pieces of silverware that were left behind after the Masonic lodge was abandoned Though the Freemasons lodge, pictured, was abandoned and Doug and Garth are renovating the building, there are still Masons in Sharon Springs   From comedy to academia and now sustainable farming: Jay Lavery, the 'Dancing Farmer' has pretty much done it all Jay Lavery is constantly busy on his 35-acre farm and three new baby goats make him busier. He tries to stay focused to discuss Sharon Springs, his home for the last three years, but with the crying kids, his protective dogs, and plenty to do, it can be hard. But Jay juggles the farm work and the conversation well. The 51-year-old became a farmer three years ago after turning down the chance to get his PhD in clinical psychology at Columbia University. He wanted to pursue his lifelong dream of running a farm, which he does now by himself. Though he sometimes has volunteers every once in a while, this summer is the first time he's getting full-time help from an organization called World Wide Opportunities on Organic Farms (WOOF). Jay was raised in upstate New York and against the common wisdom of his family and friends in his hometown, he moved to New York City where he worked as a German translator for United Airlines and moonlighted as a comedian. After a major back injury that left him unable continue that hectic lifestyle he discovered that he had dyslexia and ADHD – having spent his whole life thinking he just wasn't good at school. Jay Lavery, 51, pictured, moved to Sharon Springs three years ago so he could start start a farm using permaculture, a self-sustaining agricultural system After diagnosis and treatment, he went back to college and got his Bachelor's and Master's degrees. It was in his Master's program at Columbia where he first remembered his dream to farm. He had spent some time volunteering with an organization that creates green spaces and gardens on New York City rooftops. But what impacted him most was a drive he took through rural upstate New York. 'All of a sudden, all these memories of my dream being on a farm – I don't know what happened in that ride, but all of a sudden I had a huge problem when I went back (to New York City) because I couldn't get those dreams out of my head. 'I got to a point where I had to make a choice if I was going to do the PhD program which was probably about $170,000… or I could spend that money on buying a farm. So long story short, obviously, I took the option of buying a farm.' So after living in Manhattan's Upper West Side for 26 years, Jay turned away from a PhD in clinical psychology at Columbia and moved to a 35-acre farm just outside Sharon Springs. 'I'm not from a farming background,' he said. 'In fact, to this day I still have family and friends who think I'm totally insane.' But he doesn't regret his decision. Jay, pictured with his dairy sheep, runs the farm by himself, but this summer he will have full-time help for a few months. A volunteer from World Wide Opportunities on Organic Farms (WOOF) will be helping him out during one of the busiest times on the farm At the beginning of April, one of Jay's dairy goats had three kids, all pictured together. Besides dairy goats, Jay has dairy sheep, heritage turkeys and chicken, ducks and guinea fowl Admittedly, Jay got lucky with Sharon Springs. He sort of happened on the village while he was looking for very specific property where he would have his farm. Before buying the farm, he didn't really look into the community or what the people were like. 'I never thought that I would also have a love affair with the village and all of the residents and this community,' he said. 'When I have friends or family come and I bring them into the village… the one thing that I always get from any of the visitors that are with me, is that they can't believe that people are this friendly. They can't believe that people will meet you for the first time and act as if you've been a friend for a long time. 'And it's wild, I guess, for visitors to come but when you live here you're just totally used to it. I really do feel like they're my family. Which is very different, I guess, from other places… You definitely feel like it's a place where you want to just keep coming back and visiting all the time.' Jay decided to buy a farm in Sharon Springs three years ago instead of getting his PhD in clinical psychology at Columbia University. The PhD program wasn't funded and buying a farm was about the same price, so Jay went with his lifelong dream of running a farm. Pictured is one of Jay's dairy sheep Before he moved to Sharon Springs, Jay lived on the Upper West Side of Manhattan for 26 years. He didn't think he would fall in love with a place as much as he loved the Upper West Side, but because the people of Sharon Springs are so friendly, he feels like they are family. Pictured are Jay's heritage turkeys, which are free-range Though he's three years into running his farm, called the Permaculture Inn, Jay is still learning how to care for his dairy goats and sheep, his heritage turkeys and chicken and his ducks and guinea fowl. Because he runs the farm alone, as the weather gets warmer, Jay gets busier. Sometimes he'll go into the American for a drink after a long day, but typically he's too tired to do anything but sleep, especially since the triplet goats were born at the beginning of April. 'I'm still learning the farm part of it because it's not like you can just download a program,' he said. 'So it's been an interesting and terrifying experience all at the same time…. It's exhilarating and terrifying.'  One of Jay's main interests in farming is permaculture, an agricultural system meant to be self-sufficient between the plants and animals. His goal is to have visitors come to the Permaculture Inn for educational programs and this summer he'll have farm tours open to the public. 'I wanted a farm that people could come to and actually see how plants and animals should be grown and raised together – how family farms used to be. And the idea of permaculture actually uses nature to do a lot of the things that we have problems with. So rather than going to Home Depot and buying weed killer or something, we find alternatives that nature would use.' He had also hoped to have a bed and breakfast opened by now, but he admits: 'Of course dreams take a little bit longer than what you plan.' Jay, pictured with his two Great Pyrenees dogs Hudson and Mohawk, is still learning how to run his farm, the Permaculture Inn. 'It's not like you can just download a program,' he said In the past few months, Jay has been launched into internet fame after he posted a video to Facebook that went viral. In the winters, when Jay has a bit more free time and it's cold out, he'll occasionally play music in the barn and dance. In December he recorded himself dancing to Sia's Cheap Thrills and within two weeks online, the video had been viewed more than 7 million times. 'Up until… a silly barn dance video, it was almost impossible to get my family and friends to come and be interested in what I was doing. I had to beg and prod and do everything I could. They had no interest in what I was doing. Well now all of a sudden I do have a lot of interest and so now I'm still trying to figure out how to take advantage of that.' It's that time of the year for the Lets Move Challenge. Dancing is how I stay warm in the barn and I never know when I'm going to break out into a dance. But what most people don't know is that 15 years ago I had a traumatic back injury that caused me to have several back surgeries including a discectomy and a spinal fusion and never ending back pain. Dancing along with yoga and meditation are my only alternatives to pain medication. So I hope this can inspire anyone to move in spite of pain and I hope this puts a smile on your face for the New Year.Posted by Jay Lavery on Friday, 30 December 2016 Jay has also brought his fair share of attention to Sharon Springs after he posted a video to Facebook in December that quickly went viral. Occasionally in the winters, Jay will dance in the barn to keep himself warm and just for fun. Two weeks after he posted a video of himself dancing to Sia's Cheap Thrills, it had been viewed more than 7 million times. Pictured is another dairy goat on Jay's farm   'I've spent way over a million dollars and I haven't even scratched the surface': For two and a half years, Ron Ketelsen has been renovating the 135-room, Roseboro Hotel For Ron Ketelsen, moving from the metropolis of Silicon Valley to the quiet countryside of Sharon Springs was a bit of an adjustment. He had been in Silicon Valley for 17 years working as a human resource executive, but he wanted to get out of the city, open a bed and breakfast and possibly get into farming. He moved to Sharon Springs in October 2014 and soon bought the Roseboro Hotel, which gave him plenty of attention. 'You go from a metropolis to a village of about 600 people, [it's] very, very different. It is a unique village. Whenever you get into a very small village, everybody knows what everybody else is doing whether you like it or not. And so that's not always great… Having the largest building in town, I'm pretty visible. So everybody knows who I am. I found it to be very different. Some things good, some things not so good.' Ron Ketelsen, 59, pictured, moved to Sharon Springs from Silicon Valley after 17 years working as a human resource executive. He wanted to open a bed and breakfast and after seeing Sharon Springs in the TV show, the Fabulous Beekman Boys, he thought the village was a perfect place to relocate to At 59, Ron is still a human resource consultant for clients across the US on top of his work renovating the 135-room hotel. He is also the president of the Sharon Springs Chamber of Commerce and he raises about 80 rare animals on a friend's farm. And for all the changes in his life, his wardrobe switch makes him laugh. 'You would buy clothes at Macy's or very nice clothing stores. Now I buy my clothes at Tractor Supply,' he said. 'You go to put on a pair of pants and now it's like, gee, I wonder if I've got any manure on these pants, if I could wear them or not. So it's totally changed from when I was an executive in Silicon Valley where I wore suits all the time to now I wear jeans every day when I'm at home.' Ron discovered Sharon Springs after seeing the Fabulous Beekman Boys, the reality show that followed Josh Kilmer-Purcell and his partner Dr Brent Ridge on their farm near the village. 'It was intriguing to me that they had found this community to be a very interesting community, so I started checking into them a little bit more,' he said. '(The TV show) really highlighted a lot of their neighbors, so I got to know people and then got to be friends with people just through email and then found out more about the community and thought, wow, it looked like a really great place to locate to.'  One month before he moved to Sharon Springs, Ron bought the Roseboro Hotel, pictured in about 1930. It was originally two hotels, the Howland House and Rosenberg, that merged in 1905 Today the 135-room hotel is still in the process of being renovated. Ron has already invested 'way over a million dollars' himself and there is still a lot more work to be done And it has been good. When Ron bought the Roseboro in September 2014 just before he moved to the village, it had been up for sale for three years and people were getting worried it would fall into disrepair. 'I had a whole group of people who are thrilled to death that I bought it and they've been very supportive. They're always thrilled when somebody comes in to do some sort of renovation… Any time you're saving the town and bringing more people, that's a good thing.' But along with the encouragement from his small-town, he's also had some challenges, like the pressure from other residents to complete the hotel quickly, which isn't easy. 'I'm in this project all by myself and it is really expensive and very hard to do by yourself... They think you should have been done a long time ago. I've spent way over a million dollars myself and I haven't even scratched the surface yet. And it is hard to work full time and still keep everything else moving forward.' So far, Ron, pictured in the attic of the Roseboro, has already opened an antique store in the hotel and at the end of May he'll be opening a tea room, a gift shop and another antique shop next door. He hopes to have a full-service restaurant open by the end of next year and plans to convert the attic space into a penthouse Ron said: 'I don't think it will be open as a full service hotel for quite a long time… Because it was a summer resort, plumbing was all outside of the building. There was no heat. There's no insulation. It's very expensive to redo these buildings.' Pictured is the upstairs interior of the hotel Even though it's a costly and time-consuming task, Ron has enjoyed the project. It's the kind of thing he was looking for when he came to Sharon Springs two and a half years ago. 'It really allowed me to do a lot of the things I wanted to do. I could do events, I could entertain, I have a store. I could just do a lot of things in my facility, so that location really allowed me to do much more that I couldn't do probably in some of the other facilities. He has already opened an antique store in the Roseboro and at the end of May he'll be opening a tea room, a gift shop and another antique shop next door. He also hopes to have a full-service restaurant open by the end of next year after a Victorian house beside the hotel is renovated and the tea room moves there. But to open the entire hotel will take a lot more time. 'I don't think it will be open as a full service hotel for quite a long time,' he said. 'And the reason I say that is because there's 135 rooms and there were only 23 bathrooms… Because it was a summer resort, plumbing was all outside of the building. There was no heat. There's no insulation. It's very expensive to redo these buildings.' Ron has enjoyed renovating the Roseboro though. He said: 'It really allowed me to do a lot of the things I wanted to do. I could do events, I could entertain, I have a store. I could just do a lot of things in my facility, so that location really allowed me to do much more that I couldn't do probably in some of the other facilities.' Pictured is one of the hallways in the hotel Besides the hotel renovations, Ron also raises rare animals on his friend's farm, which he loves. He has a 'zonkey' – the offspring of a male zebra and a female donkey – four horses, a pygmy goat, an assortment of rare peacocks, rare chickens, red, blue and yellow pheasants, Sebastopol geese and mandarin ducks. 'In the summer people can come and they can see the animals. I'd like to have a better farm situation. Long term, I'd like a show farm where I can have these animals, I can have events on the farm that people would come and they would be sort of like a petting zoo, but with rare animals. That's kind of where I'm headed longer term.' And as far as Sharon Springs goes, Ron has already seen growth and improvement. 'It's on the verge of becoming a real resort destination,' he said. 'I think within the next two or three years it's really going to be – people are hearing a lot about it. It's gaining a lot of publicity. A lot of new people are coming, a lot of visitors. 'I only see that growing. We're continuing to do more events, so it is really, I think, on the verge of taking off and becoming a huge resort destination.' Historian and Sharon Historical Society member Nancy DiPace Pfau wrote a book about the history of the village and neighboring town called Sharon and Sharon Springs.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 4.5k shares Most watched News videos Plane crazy!: Men fight on airplane as distraught baby cries Scary moment a daring prairie dog approaches sleeping alligator Carnage on plane after passengers were 'spun around' in turbulence 'Erm, they will cost': Abbott's car-crash election interview Woman being hunted by police for picking up stranger's toddler Footage shows shark getting incredibly up close to boat 'My own ray of sunshine!' GMB's Laura Tobin announces her pregnancy DaddyOFive founders issue a public apology Montana Fishburne pees in front of cops during DUI arrest Emma and Cody have been returned to their biological mother MMA fighter wipes the floor with renowned Tai Chi practitioner Shocking footage shows aftermath of severe turbulence on Bangkok flight Can you spot what’s so incredible about these... In-flight fight night! Two men brawl on a plane before... Prince William is accused of 'hypocrisy' and cashing in... 'Doctors sent our girl home to die': Parents hit out over... Theresa May tears into Diane Abbott for failing to say... Good Morning Britain's weather presenter has Susanna Reid... 'If you don't like the royals just do one and stay... Father and son have a very close encounter with a 25ft... Fearless prairie dog taunts an alligator by SITTING on... Angry father gets his own back on council bosses who... PICTURED: Balcony at hotel where British woman on hen... PIERS MORGAN: The Met Gala is supposed to be the pinnacle... 'There was blood on the ceiling where people hit it':... How Madeleine McCann's parents refused to share... Inside the house of horrors where missing 16-month-old... EU DOUBLES Britain's Brexit divorce bill to £92billion... North Korea 'deliberately detonated missile during failed... Diane Abbott is mocked by Twitter users in a series of... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 81 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local News Mother, child clung to tree before rescue from Cape Fear River Local Politics Employee fired amid missing money probe in Wake deeds office Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Dew points nosedive to bring relief from humidity Weather 16 dead after tornadoes, floods ravage Midwest, South Weather A-Maze-ing 2017 weather photos DUALDoppler5000 Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Carolina Panthers Former UNC safety Tre Boston one of 5 Panthers waived Our Take Tudor: Pinson, Rowan fail to land Combine invitations Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Win Tickets to Poison, Extreme & Jackyl Our Take Pinson, Rowan fail to land Combine invitations Canes make first move of the offseason Bears put new twist on State-Carolina rivalry Next Episode: WEDNESDAY @ 7 PM Learn more! › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Auto sales fall 4.7 pct.; 7-year win streak may come to end Business Lawmakers to airlines: Improve service or Congress steps in Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislature after crossover - little good, plenty worthless DRAUGHON DRAWS: Open season on protesters? Editorial: NC Chamber is AWOL in fight for public schools Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Business Pay for news? More than half of Americans say they do Business The new fast food? Convenience stores add hot, cheap options 5 On Your Side Keep your bed at its cleanest with these tips 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel 5 On Your Side Consumer Reports: Side-effects tip scale against weight-loss drug Health Team Science says: Why are opioids so addictive? Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Raleigh singer seeks to pull Triangle music scene together Local News Since debut of '13 Reasons Why,' calls into Raleigh's suicide prevention hotline nearly triple Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Wake County school board approves budget proposal for 2017-18 school year Local News Fayetteville moves forward with plans for baseball park Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News 10:30a Lawmakers honor national champion Tar Heels basketball team Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › 59° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 59° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather 8 NC counties are under alert, including Wayne and Edgecombe counties. Details Published: 2017-05-02 11:44:00 Updated: 2017-05-02 11:44:00 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper $5 bonus when you join Swagbucks Tags: Freebies Posted 11:44 a.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17ygZ Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters More on this Swagbucks website Swagbucks has a great sign-up bonus for May! You have probably seen me write about Swagbucks here on the blog. It's a site where you earn points (called SB) for things you're probably doing online already, like searching, watching videos, discovering deals, shopping online and taking surveys. Then you take those points and exchange them for gift cards to places like Amazon, Starbucks, Walmart, Target, CVS, Domino's, PayPal cash and more! Unlike a lot of other rewards sites, you can cash out at any time, and they have gift cards for as little as 300 SB (The $3 Amazon gift card - every little bit helps)! This month, you can get a 500 SB bonus (worth $5 in gift cards) through this blog when you sign up! Here's how it works: 1. Sign up at Swagbucks.com HERE. Click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get a bonus. 2. Earn 300 SB points total before 6/1/17 and you'll get a $3 (300 SB) bonus! 3. If you spend at least $25 through the Swagbucks Shop section, you'll get another $2 (200 SB) bonus on top of the cash back you'll get from shopping. You must receive your shopping SB before July 1st to get the 200 SB bonus. If I am doing any online shopping, I go through the Swagbucks Shop section if the store is participating so I can earn SB points for every purchase. I've used the Swagbucks Shop section for online shopping at stores including Amazon, Kohl's, Walmart, Target, Groupon and more. I usually cash in my SB points for CVS and Sheetz gift cards which means I use my SB for free toilet paper, free bath & beauty products and free gas! New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events (which we post about here on the blog and Swagbucks posts about on their website in the Swagbucks Blog section. * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Recently, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. I used a coupon code for a percent off when I made the purchase and qualified for free shipping and got the SB points added to my account a couple weeks later. * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. . . Disclosure: This post may contain affiliate links and we appreciate your using them! This means that I may receive compensation from other websites I mention on this blog. Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com The "as low as" rate is at 3.96% APR (30 yr.) UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel 20% Off Skin Rejuvenation Products! Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments 2 Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Faye Prosser -WRAL Smart Shopper May 2, 1:13 p.m. Amomoftwo - WOW! Now that's some impressive Swagbucks earnings! I am so glad the program is working for you. It is probably my favorite online site for the same reason you mentioned: "such a great program for minimal work." Keep up the great swaggin'! lol QUOTE Report as abuse Amomoftwo May 2, 11:07 a.m. Thanks for always promo'ing Swagbucks! I just got my 5th $100 Amazon card using Swagbucks....such a great program for minimal work. QUOTE Report as abuse Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Pets Deadly snakes create fatal attraction in Wilmington Out and About Nightlife Photos Boys Lacrosse Boys Lacrosse: Panther Creek vs. Millbrook (May 2, 2017) Local News Professor: More shopping centers likely to go way of abandoned Wilson Mall Local News Wake superintendent to meet with groups after latest student racial incident Local News Two shot, injured near Green Road Park in Raleigh Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Pets 100K bees build 5-foot hive in Tennessee home @NCCapitol State officials honor late WRAL reporter Go Ask Mom Pool Time! Outdoor pools, spraygrounds prep for summer season Entertainment Tokyo jeweler offers gold Darth Vader masks for $1.4 million High School Sports 2017 HSOT Honors Go Ask Mom Six red wolf pups born at Museum of Life and Science Opinion A personal note: Void left by Mark Binker's untimely passing Go Ask Mom Raleigh community center hosts tea time with mom Out and About Out and About TV airs Wednesday Entertainment NY zoo's baby giraffe named Tajiri, Swahili for hope Out and About 23 Triangle events to check out this week Out and About Raleigh 'Oaks & Spokes Fest' celebrates bikes with fashion, film Documentaries Bitty & Beau's Coffee Out and About 10 spring festivals to check out in the Triangle Out and About Art of Cool Durham Pets K-9 3k walk benefits Wake County SPCA Local News Prepare to show more proof when you renew your NC license Local News Wake superintendent to meet with groups after latest student racial incident Political News Clinton blames misogyny, FBI, Russia, herself for 2016 loss Local News Store owners, shoppers worry about future of Raleigh shopping mall Business As malls struggle, Northgate is getting creative Political News White ex-officer pleads guilty in black man's slaying SmartShopper What's for dinner Tuesday? @NCCapitol Free the mimosa: Restaurant industry pushing Sunday morning liquor bill SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 5/2 SmartShopper Swagbucks Team Challenge starts today SmartShopper $5 bonus when you join Swagbucks SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Pets Deadly snakes create fatal attraction in Wilmington Out and About Nightlife Photos Boys Lacrosse Boys Lacrosse: Panther Creek vs. Millbrook (May 2, 2017) Local News Professor: More shopping centers likely to go way of abandoned Wilson Mall Local News Wake superintendent to meet with groups after latest student racial incident Local News Two shot, injured near Green Road Park in Raleigh Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Pets 100K bees build 5-foot hive in Tennessee home @NCCapitol State officials honor late WRAL reporter Go Ask Mom Pool Time! Outdoor pools, spraygrounds prep for summer season Entertainment Tokyo jeweler offers gold Darth Vader masks for $1.4 million High School Sports 2017 HSOT Honors Go Ask Mom Six red wolf pups born at Museum of Life and Science Opinion A personal note: Void left by Mark Binker's untimely passing Go Ask Mom Raleigh community center hosts tea time with mom Out and About Out and About TV airs Wednesday Entertainment NY zoo's baby giraffe named Tajiri, Swahili for hope Out and About 23 Triangle events to check out this week Out and About Raleigh 'Oaks & Spokes Fest' celebrates bikes with fashion, film Documentaries Bitty & Beau's Coffee Out and About 10 spring festivals to check out in the Triangle Out and About Art of Cool Durham Pets K-9 3k walk benefits Wake County SPCA Local News Prepare to show more proof when you renew your NC license Local News Wake superintendent to meet with groups after latest student racial incident Political News Clinton blames misogyny, FBI, Russia, herself for 2016 loss Local News Store owners, shoppers worry about future of Raleigh shopping mall Business As malls struggle, Northgate is getting creative Political News White ex-officer pleads guilty in black man's slaying SmartShopper What's for dinner Tuesday? @NCCapitol Free the mimosa: Restaurant industry pushing Sunday morning liquor bill SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 5/2 SmartShopper Swagbucks Team Challenge starts today SmartShopper $5 bonus when you join Swagbucks WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     NES Classic Stock Continues To Surface At These Stores In May Posted: May 2 2017, 7:48am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     The Nintendo NES Classic is not sold out yet. Here is where shoppers can find it today. Updated. The discontinued NES Classic Edition can still be found in stock on May 2nd. Officially the NES Classic is history, according to a Nintendo statement, but retailers are still getting new inventory. Don't Miss: Find a Nintendo NES Classic in stock Today there are over 115 Walmart stores and 77 Target stores flagged to have the NES Classic in stock as of 8:45am ET. The number of stores that have the NES Classic in stock is much lower than on the weekend. Target and Walmart have been restocking the NES Classic since mid last week. New NES Classic stock is keeps arriving on the first of May.  iStockNow issued in stock alerts for Walmart and Target stores across the Nation. We have cross referenced the iStockNow alerts with the BrickSeek. On BrickSeek stores are also showing the NES Classic units in stock at select stores including the Target store in Brooklyn Fulton St, showing 4 NES Classic available. Reseller prices for the NES Classic are still around $270 as arrival of new NES Classic stock is keeping prices in check. The lowest priced Nintendo NES Classic console sells for $275 plus shipping on amazon.com. Prices might stay at this level and not explode. Some predict that the NES Classic could fetch $500 once the inventory is completely sold out. The reseller prices have been over $300 a week ago, right after the announcement that Nintendo stops making the NES Classic. Now prices came down quite a bit amidst the new NES Classic Edition stock. The $59.99 Nintendo NES Classic Edition console launched on November 11 in stores and online. The supply was extremely constraint in stores and especially online. On April 13, Nintendo announced to stop production of the NES Classic Edition. Nintendo said that the last shipments of the NES Classic arrive through April. We keep spotting though the $59.99 NES Classic Edition in May. The palm-sized NES console, retailing for $59.99 list price, features the classic Nintendo NES controller many geeks have grown up with. The retro console comes pre-installed with 30 classic NES games including Super Mario Bros., Pac-Man, Metroid, Donkey Kong, The Legend of Zelda and Kirby's Adventures. The NES Classic Edition system is a miniaturized version of the groundbreaking NES, originally released in 1985. The ability to mod the NES Classic and install an unlimited number of games has renewed the hype around the retro console. The latest hack enables the NES Classic to store 2,500 games. The 80s retro console launched on November 11, 2016. As of Aprl 27, 2017, Nintendo has sold 2.3 million NES Classic Edition. Read the latest Nintendo NES Classic updates and find other hard to find products with The Tracker. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Fidget Spinner Hype Reaches Critical Point 15 hours ago, 8:32am CDT Fitbit Smartwatch Leaked With Wireless Headphones 18 hours ago, 5:54am CDT Fidget Spinner for MLB, NBA, NFL, NHL and NCAA Teams Released 19 hours ago, 4:59am CDT LG G6 Mini Leaks 22 hours ago, 2:19am CDT Met Gala 2017: Top 20 Best Dressed Celebrities 13 hours ago, 11:02am CDT Porsche Cayenne Sets New Guinness World Record by Towing Airbus A380 15 hours ago, 9:05am CDT Apple Q2 2017 Earnings Release Is Not about the Numbers 15 hours ago, 9:04am CDT Watch Vin Diesel in Dodge The Brotherhood of Muscle Ads 16 hours ago, 8:22am CDT Why Amazon, eBay, Target and Google Maps Stop Supporting Apple Watch? 16 hours ago, 8:08am CDT Calcium Star Discovered by Astrophysicists 16 hours ago, 7:30am CDT First-gen Apple Watch Warranty Extended for Another Year 18 hours ago, 5:58am CDT Wild MacBook Pro 2017 Rumors Tip No Touchbar and No Physical Keys 18 hours ago, 5:40am CDT MIT's WiGait Helps Diagnose Cognitive Decline and Cardiac Disease by Measuring Walking Speed With Wireless Signals 19 hours ago, 4:51am CDT Apple Siri Home Device Is High End 19 hours ago, 4:43am CDT Google And Other Big Brands Pouring Millions Into Travel Tech 22 hours ago, 1:53am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Tracker by I4U News (beta) Featured News The Best Gadgets of 2017 iMac Pro is in the Works   NES Classic In Stock only at These Last Stores Nintendo Switch in Stock at GameStop and Target Now. Best Buy and ToysRUs Friday Technology News Fidget Spinner Hype Reaches Critical Point 15 hours ago, 8:32am CDT Fitbit Smartwatch Leaked With Wireless Headphones 18 hours ago, 5:54am CDT Fidget Spinner for MLB, NBA, NFL, NHL and NCAA Teams Released 19 hours ago, 4:59am CDT LG G6 Mini Leaks 22 hours ago, 2:19am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Met Gala 2017: Top 20 Best Dressed Celebrities 13 hours ago, 11:02am CDT Porsche Cayenne Sets New Guinness World Record by Towing Airbus A380 15 hours ago, 9:05am CDT Apple Q2 2017 Earnings Release Is Not about the Numbers 15 hours ago, 9:04am CDT Fidget Spinner Hype Reaches Critical Point 15 hours ago, 8:32am CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » R$D key to Walmart's Amazon battle Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal R&D key to Walmart's Amazon battleSujit John & Shilpa Phadnis The $486-billion company's traditional promise has been that they offer the lowest price on any product. That requires the company to keep a close track of prices offered by every competitor, both online and offline. | TNN | May 2, 2017, 09.09 AM IST (Representative image) BENGALURU: As Walmart intensifies its battle with Amazon, its R&D centre in Bengaluru is providing some its crucial firepower. Several of its most important technology platforms — those that ensure its prices are the best, its customers' online carts carry items that can be efficiently delivered, and products are delivered from places at the lowest possible logistics cost — are being developed here. Walmart's CTO for US stores and e-commerce Jeremy King told TOI that one of the first technology teams that the company built here was to do the competitive analysis of prices. "They have been really successful. Now we are building the new-generation version of this. We have acquired a number of companies recently (Jet.com, Modcloth, Shoebuy, Moosejaw) all of which have added millions of new products. So we have to scale the system," he said. The $486-billion company's traditional promise has been that they offer the lowest price on any product. That requires the company to keep a close track of prices offered by every competitor, both online and offline. "Just collecting the data from all the competitors is itself a huge problem. Collecting that and matching with our prices is a huge machine learning problem. Some people might be selling it in packs of, say six, so we have to figure out what the price of one is. And do this across millions of items," King said. Online publication Recode wrote last month that Amazon has a similar algorithm one that works to match or beat prices from other websites and stores. It finds the lowest price per unit or per ounce for a particular product, even if it is a huge bulk-size pack, and applies it across the same type of product on Amazon. Over the past year, Walmart has stepped up efforts to counter the $136-billion Amazon. Last summer, it bought online retailer Jet.com for $3 billion. Since then it has made acquisitions of several smaller online players. In January, it announced a free two-day shipping to home and stores on more than two million items, provided the customer spends at least $35. Walmart established its Bengaluru centre five years ago, and it has already grown to 1,200 people, with 500 being added in just 2016. King said Walmart's sourcing engine is also built in India. "If I'm in California and I order an iPhone case and a glass, where should I ship it from? The iPhone case is in California, but the iPhone case and the glass are in Colorado. So should I ship those in one box? And if you have ten or fifty items in your basket, and there are trucks coming from such and such places, it's about as complex a machine learning project as you can get," King said. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web 100 Things to Do in Bryce Canyon National Park Utah.com Think Spring at These Colorful Connecticut Garden Spots! Connecticut Tourism Get 2 Weeks of Prezi Free When You Sign Up Today! Prezi More from The Times of India 250 sexual assault survivors got Rs5.20 crore cash benefits Canada, Africa could be new IT hubs for Indians HC reserves verdict in Kirnapure killing case From the Web More From The Times of India 30 of Hollywood's Tallest WomenMy Daily Viral 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,..TheFinancialWord.com Your Questions About HIV Treatment, Answered (Video Guide)HealthiNation 3 Ways Volunteering Can Change Your LifeUnited Ways Watch: The Biotech Market Could Become The Next "Gold Rush..Finance Spotlight For Vitality Biopharma Ram Jethmalani offers to defend Arvind Kejriwal for 'free' Youth’s suicide: Kin seek reinvestigation LACs of tiger reserves exist only on paper ‘Mahagenco theatre fest shows staffers’ dedication’ OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular We don't need what Pakistan produces: China envoy Government gives Army free hand to avenge Pakistan's mutilation act: Sources Why foreign tourists are marrying Rishikesh boys Living With ED? These Things Could Be Causing It Ad: WebMD Real Estate Act comes into effect The much-awaited Real Estate Act comes into force from Monday with a promise of protecting the right of consumers and ushering in transparency but only 13 states and Union Territories have so far notified rules. Petrol, diesel prices to be revised daily in 5 cities from today Petrol and diesel prices will be revised on a daily basis from today in select towns in sync with international rates, much like it happens in most advanced markets. From around the Web Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her Country Livingly Wilson’s Heart, A Thriller Not For The Faint Of Heart Oculus Rift 4 Best Balance Transfer Cards The Simple Dollar More From The Times of India HC rejects contempt plea over Pali’s inclusion in UPSC exams Assam seeks German assistance to revamp its power sector I wish an Indian breaks my record soon: Chef Manohar Read MoreWalmart's R&D centre in BengaluruwalmartshoebuymodclothJet.com Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Latin America, Canada, Africa and Nordic nations are becoming new Indian IT hubs Govt to review UAE bilateral deals Xander buys Shriram SEZ for Rs 2,290cr in Chennai's largest FDI realty deal SBI cuts deposit rates by up to 50bps, other banks may follow 1R&D key to Walmart's Amazon battle 2Latin America, Canada, Africa and Nordic nations are becoming new Indian IT hubs 3Govt to review UAE bilateral deals 4Xander buys Shriram SEZ for Rs 2,290cr in Chennai's largest FDI realty deal 5SBI cuts deposit rates by up to 50bps, other banks may follow Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends RERA Act 2017 Manoj Tiwari Live Score: GL vs RPS Erdogan India Visit KC Patel Terror attack in Kulgam MI vs RCB GL vs RPS WWE Payback 2017 Sonika Chauhan Baahubali 2 collection day 3 Baahubali 2 collection day 2 services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Turkish President Erdogan Modi Triple Talaq RERA Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Tollywood News Kollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics Sundar Pichai IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table MI vs GL Donald Trump Baahubali 2 Collection xXx Bahubali 2 Collections Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/25/17 - 5/1/17) Matthew Sholtz View All Posts 2017/05/01 12:44pm PDTMay 1, 2017 7 Plus 1 on G+ 16 Share on Facebook 48 Share on Twitter Total Shares71 Applications Best Apps/Games/LWPs Of The Week News Roundups Videos Article Contents 1 Featured App 1.1 Paralign - Aligning Thoughts 2 Apps 2.1 Walmart Grocery 2.2 HISTORY Vault 2.3 Mobile Witness 2.4 Shadow Running 2.5 iRig Recorder 3 2.6 Wemogee 3 Manufacturer And Tie-In Apps 3.1 Samsung Marshmallow 4 Know A Worthy New App? Let Us Know! Welcome to the roundup of the best new Android applications that went live in the Play Store or were spotted by us in the previous week or so. Please wait for this page to load in full in order to see the widgets, which include ratings and pricing info. Looking for the previous roundup editions? Find them here. Featured App Paralign - Aligning Thoughts Today's roundup is presented by Paralign - Aligning Thoughts from Paralign.me. Finding like-minded individuals can often be a difficult task. This is especially true when you want to reach out, but are wary of the judgment of your peers. Luckily, there is Paralign, a new community-driven mood and thought tracker that connects you with compatible anonymous users. Through the Paralign app, you can open an avenue of therapeutic discussion where both parties can explore their similar mindsets in an intuitive and helpful manner. You can also explore various guided meditations and helpful quotes in order to change your mood into one that is more focused and empowered. Whether you are looking for help or are offering it, Paralign gives you medium in which to explore your thoughts and feelings in a productive way. -- Paralign is an AI-driven thought and mood tracker. With every thought, it connects you to people who have been there in the past, letting you know you are not alone. It also creates a universe of mindfulness content, inspiring quotes, and guided meditation; all tailored to the thought. Join our supportive community and empower yourself to be genuine and authentic about what you’re thinking and how you’re feeling. Download QR-Code Paralign - Aligning Thoughts Developer: Paralign.me Price: Free+ Apps Walmart Grocery Android Police coverage: Walmart Grocery is a new Android app for all your food shopping needs Walmart Grocery is a new release for Android that simulates the experience of Walmart's Grocery website. Essentially, this is an app that allows you to order your groceries online. The catch is that you will need to drive to the store to pick your items up. So while this is worlds better than having to step foot inside of a Walmart, you will still need to put forth some effort to receive your stuff. This app also comes with the caveat that a Walmart employee will be picking and packing your meats and produce. A scary thought indeed. You can install Walmart Grocery today as a free title with no advertisements or in-app purchases. -- Let us do your grocery shopping. Get the same low prices as your Walmart store. Order from your device, then pick up your items and fresh produce. You can also pick up your groceries at a time you decide is more convenient. Use our check-in feature so your order will be ready and waiting when you arrive. See if we deliver to your door. Download the app and enter your ZIP Code to find out. Download QR-Code Walmart Grocery Developer: Walmart Price: Free HISTORY Vault A&E Television Networks Mobile just published their HISTORY Vault app for Android. It is a monthly subscription video service that streams history related shows and documentaries from the History channel. What is nice about this release is that it gives you a chance to watch shows that are focused on learning about history, instead of the reality shows that normally fill the channels on-air lineup. There is a free 7-day trial that you can sign up for through the app. Please keep in mind that HISTORY Vault will start to auto bill you at $4.99 a month after the 7-day free trial is over. While this is a free title with no advertisements, you will be unable to access its content until you sign up for the free trial. -- Unlock HISTORY Vault to explore the greatest stories in history including ancient civilizations, the World Wars, space exploration and everything in between. Start your 7-day free trial and then pay only $4.99 per month to watch commercial-free, full-length videos with no TV provider needed, through automatic renewals. New videos are added weekly. Topics range from ancient civilizations to the World Wars to space exploration…and everything in between. Here’s a peek at some of the featured Collections available in HISTORY Vault: Download QR-Code HISTORY Vault Developer: A&E Television Networks Mobile Price: Free+ Mobile Witness Mobile Witness is an interesting new app that allows you to record audio, video, and location data. This information can then be used as a record of proof for many different types of situations. You can even set the app to automatically upload its data to the cloud or even your own server. This way there is no worry of losing any of your recorded content, even if your device gets lost or destroyed. There are no advertisements to worry about with this release. Even better, the only in-app purchase included with Mobile Witness costs $2.49 and it is used solely for donation purposes. -- Mobile Witness is an application for collecting potential evidence through your mobile phone by continually recording and safely uploading location, audio, or video footage. Recordings will even continue whilst the screen is turned off. Normal recording applications are not suitable for evidence gathering tasks as they make sounds upon starting the recording and stop recording when the screen is turned off. Alternative upload strategies such as cloud backups fail in situations where the phone may be damaged as they will only upload completed recordings. Download QR-Code Mobile Witness Developer: Beanpod Price: Free+ Shadow Running Many popular running and exercise apps have become bloated. Even if the bloat is not bothersome to you, their high monthly subscription fees can also be an annoyance. Shadow Running offers an app that is a bit easier to use than its competition. You simply record your runs through GPS to then challenge yourself and your friends to complete the same run in less time. There are even audio cues during these excursions to alert you as to how much time you are leading by or running behind. Shadow Running is still currently in testing as an unreleased app, but you can pick it up today for free with no worry of in-app purchases or advertisements. -- Shadow Running is a GPS based, audio running App. Race against previous runs or compete with friends in daily challenges. Plug in your headphones and get audio updates on your progress as you run. The App shows you how far you are ahead or behind your previous runs. Create a group and race against your friends recorded runs with updates as you run. Plug in your headphones and get audio updates from the App while you're running. Compete against your friends in daily distance runs. Win trophies and climb the leader board. Download QR-Code Shadow Running (Unreleased) Developer: Geek Beach Price: Free iRig Recorder 3 iRig Recorder 3 is an audio and video field recorder app for Android. Not only does it allow for plenty of recording options, but it also has a built-in audio and video editor. On top of that, it's compatible with iKlip stands and mounts. This way you have a plethora of recording tools at your disposal. iRig Recorder 3 is offered as a free application that does not contain any advertisements. However, there are in-app purchases included that range up to $7.99 per item. Luckily, all of the IAPs are used to extend the functionality of the app through new effects and editing tools. -- iRig Recorder 3 is a completely redesigned powerful, flexible and easy-to-use audio and video recording app for Android. It provides you with a professional stereo audio and video recording tool that you can use anytime and anywhere your mobile life takes you. Use its powerful recording, editing and export features to create and share great sounding audio and video while on the go. iRig Recorder 3 is extremely simple to use: click on the “record” button at the bottom of the screen to immediately start recording. To capture and monitor video, simply click on the camera icon then tap record. But don’t let iRig Recorder 3’s streamlined design fool you… iRig Recorder 3 is a full-fledged, professional audio and video recorder that lets you edit waveforms, apply creative and professional effects as well as share your recordings with the rest of the world. Download QR-Code iRig Recorder 3 Developer: IK Multimedia US, LLC Price: Free+ Wemogee Wemogee is a communication app built for sufferers of communicative disabilities. It allows for an easy and cheap way to communicate through emoji. Even though the design is well thought out, some issues currently make it difficult to use. The main sticking point is that the sign-up process is pretty confusing. While there are only a few fields to fill out, if you miss something as simple as adding a picture to your profile, you will be unable to register. This makes the process doubly complicated as there is also an issue with receiving your verification code. Hopefully, once the bugs are settled, the app will become useable but until then it is a bit of a mess trying to sign up for the service. On the plus side, Wemogee is completely free to install, and there are no advertisements or in-app purchases to worry about. -- This project was created in order to restore the possibility for aphasia sufferers to communicate easily and quickly with their friends and family. In fact, Samsung WemogeeTM performs a dual function: for chatting with people far away and communication support for face-to-face interactions. Through the translation of text to emoji and vice versa, the app allows the person affected with aphasia to communicate only through images. Samsung WemogeeTM is based on a library of more than 140 phrases: in collaboration with a team of speech therapists, a list of the most common phrases in informal chat was defined, relating to basic needs as well as to their emotions. These words were then translated into logical sequences of emojis. Download QR-Code Wemogee Developer: 3x1010 s.r.l. Price: Free Manufacturer And Tie-In Apps Samsung Marshmallow Android Police coverage: Samsung's new parental control app Marshmallow has nothing to do with Android Marshmallow Samsung Marshmallow is a parental control app specifically for Samsung device users. It uses gamification as a way to bestow good smartphone habits in your children. By allowing the child to choose a usage plan and its subsequent rewards, you are allowing them their own agency. This way you are not lording over them, which helps the child grow on their own. Samsung Marshmallow is completely free to use and it contains zero advertisements or in-app purchases. -- Samsung Marshmallow is a smartphone management, parental control app that helps a child develop healthy smartphone usage habits based on self-control. Using Samsung Marshmallow, a child learns how to use a smartphone naturally by making his or her own smartphone usage plan, achieving goals, and getting rewarded. Also, parents can use the Marshmallow app to talk about smartphone usage habits with their children. Download QR-Code Samsung Marshmallow Developer: Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Price: Free Know A Worthy New App? Let Us Know! If you have an application in mind for the next issue of the roundup, feel free to send us an email and let us know. Important: there are 2 requirements in order for the app to be considered, listed below. the app's launch date has to be no longer than 2 weeks ago it has to be original, ground-breaking, well-reviewed, interesting, fun, etc - the cream of the crop Now, if and only if the above requirements have been satisfied, fire up an email to this address: [email protected] . 1 sponsored placement per week is available (your app would be featured at the top and marked as sponsored) - please contact us for details. Tags Android Applications apps best Games live wallpapers LWPs new recommended tablet top video worthy subscribe ... Previous Story The 5 best things about the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ ... Next Story Leaks of Fitbit's latest watch show the spirit of the 80s is alive at Fitbit Trending 259 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 97 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 469 Opinion: Even if you can, you probably shouldn't buy a Google Pixel anymore 2017/05/01 2:09pm PDTMay 1, 2017 Comments Karan Shah I've been using an app called amoled mnml wallpapers, and it's pretty decent for my taste. Matt S. Looks nice. Do you happen to know what the IAPs are for? Karan Shah The dev says there is no IAP, and that it's open source. Haven't encountered any yet so perhaps he's right? Matt S. Oh wow yeah, the Play Store seems to have a real issue with displaying that an app or game has IAPs when they actually do not. Nice to know it is open-source, may have to give it a try. C Dot Elliott Heres my fav app now I highly recommend this app https://youtu.be/igLi46JneL8 Jacquelineabigby My last paycheck was $22500 for working 12 hours a week online.Start earning $97/hour by working online from your home for few hours each day with GOOGLE... Get regular payments on weekly basis... All you need is a computer, internet connection and a litte free time... Read more here !sk123c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs413TopLivingGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sk123c:....,..... Follow Android Police 1.49M 467k 142k 113k Latest Deals 49 [Update: Free Google Home] Pre-orders for the unlocked LG G6 are live on B&H for $599.99 2017/05/02 6:30pm PDTMay 2, 2017 8 [Update: gone from Amazon] Deal Alert Pick up a 64GB/4GB Moto G4 Plus for $200 at Amazon and B&H, the lowest price we've ever seen 2017/05/02 11:24am PDTMay 2, 2017 75 [Deal Alert] MX Player Pro is down to 10 cents in a few countries 2017/05/02 5:09am PDTMay 2, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $15 off at Newegg with additional $20 gift card 2017/05/02 3:30am PDTMay 2, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Bragi's truly wireless earbuds, The Dash, are $100 on Woot for a refurbished pair ($200 off) 2017/05/02 2:32am PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 167 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 12 Under Armour Sport Wireless Heart Rate review: A great step in the right direction 2017/04/30 2:43pm PDTApr 30, 2017 27 UE Wonderboom review: a super adorable waterproof speaker that sounds great 2017/04/30 8:08am PDTApr 30, 2017 6 EZVIZ Mini 360 Plus review: An adorable 360-degree camera, but a little light on features 2017/04/29 12:35pm PDTApr 29, 2017 51 Sonos Playbase review: The speaker to rule the living room 2017/04/22 8:00am PDTApr 22, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 6 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/25/17 - 5/1/17) 2017/05/01 12:44pm PDTMay 1, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/19/17 - 4/25/17) 2017/04/25 6:29pm PDTApr 25, 2017 1 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/18/17 - 4/24/17) 2017/04/24 1:15pm PDTApr 24, 2017 11 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 21 [Update: Out of beta] Snapchat 10.4 beta lets you add friends to the home screen, if they have a Bitmoji 2017/05/02 7:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 1 Amazon FreeTime Unlimited service no longer exclusive to Kindle devices, now available on the Play Store 2017/05/02 7:06pm PDTMay 2, 2017 6 Play Store v7.8 prepares to add pre-registration rewards, settings for Instant Apps, Play Protect, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/02 5:46pm PDTMay 2, 2017 2 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 16 AutoVoice for Chrome can add Google Assistant voice commands to your PC 2017/05/02 11:11am PDTMay 2, 2017 Blast from the Past 413 1 Year Ago Today Google Keyboard Gets A Huge Update To v5.0 With One-Handed Mode, Optional Key Borders, New Gestures, And More [APK Download] 2016/05/02 11:23am PDTMay 2, 2016 51 2 Years Ago Today [APK Teardown] Play Music v5.9 Hints At Smarter Way To Handle Multiple Devices On The Same Chromecast 2015/05/02 12:15pm PDTMay 2, 2015 143 3 Years Ago Today Google Drive App Updated To v1.3 – Now Requires New Docs And Sheets Apps For Editing Capability [APK Download] 2014/05/02 6:27pm PDTMay 2, 2014 34 4 Years Ago Today [New App] XonoMail Beta Promises Smart Automatic Organization Of Multiple Email Accounts 2013/05/02 8:05pm PDTMay 2, 2013 1 5 Years Ago Today [New App] CNNGo Gives You Travel Info About Asia, Also A Little Bit Of Info From The Rest Of The World 2012/05/02 10:07pm PDTMay 2, 2012 23 6 Years Ago Today Nexus One Owners, It's Your Turn - Download Android 2.3.4 Now (GRI40 -> GRJ22) 2011/05/02 10:46pm PDTMay 2, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today Google Acquires BumpTop, Will The Ingenious UI Make It To Android? 2010/05/02 1:57pm PDTMay 2, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 167 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 49 Google Phone 9.0 prepares to add Android O's Notification Channels, picture messaging, post-call messages, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/05/02 5:00am PDTMay 2, 2017 6 Play Store v7.8 prepares to add pre-registration rewards, settings for Instant Apps, Play Protect, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/02 5:46pm PDTMay 2, 2017 16 AutoVoice for Chrome can add Google Assistant voice commands to your PC 2017/05/02 11:11am PDTMay 2, 2017 75 [Deal Alert] MX Player Pro is down to 10 cents in a few countries 2017/05/02 5:09am PDTMay 2, 2017 Last 7 Days 469 Opinion: Even if you can, you probably shouldn't buy a Google Pixel anymore 2017/05/01 2:09pm PDTMay 1, 2017 27 Kodi 18 will support Leanback suggestions and Google voice search on Android TV 2017/04/28 7:56pm PDTApr 28, 2017 54 Google App 7.1 beta is testing a search bar in the notification panel and may begin showing pollen counts [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:12am PDTApr 26, 2017 146 Opinion: Google should fix its erratic reminder system 2017/04/26 2:15pm PDTApr 26, 2017 26 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 Last 30 Days 259 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 97 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 469 Opinion: Even if you can, you probably shouldn't buy a Google Pixel anymore 2017/05/01 2:09pm PDTMay 1, 2017 105 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 314 Google's messaging mess is about money, not making your life easier (opinion) 2017/04/21 10:51am PDTApr 21, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 161 queries | 0.701s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Startups LATEST NEWS Indian Army opens speculative fire along LoC Oil tanker overturns at Kolkata airport, no casualty reported FBI chief and Vladimir Putin cost her election, says Hillary Clinton Farmers uncertain about future as yields failed to cover input costs Kulgam cash van attack mastermind identified As US, China find common ground on North Korea, Kim Jong Un looks at Russia for alternative Pakistan's ISI chief visits Afghanistan: Reports Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money Biz Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›Startups 11:26 AM | 03 Maymarket stats SENSEX 29,917-4.57 NIFTY 50 9,3161.80 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,575-7.00 USD/INR 64.13-0.08 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW R&D key to Walmart's Amazon battle By Shilpa Phadnis , TNN | Updated: May 02, 2017, 08.40 AM IST Post a Comment Over the past year, Walmart has stepped up efforts to counter the $136-billion Amazon. Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You BENGALURU: As Walmart intensifies its battle with Amazon, its R&D centre in Bengaluru is providing some its crucial firepower. Several of its most important technology platforms--those that ensure its prices are the best, its customers' online carts carry items that can be efficiently delivered, and products are delivered from places at the lowest possible logistics cost--are being developed here. Walmart's CTO for US stores and e-commerce Jeremy King told TOI that one of the first technology teams that the company built here was to do the competitive analysis of prices. “They have been really successful. Now we are building the new-generation version of this. We have acquired a number of companies recently (Jet.com, Modcloth, Shoebuy , Moosejaw), all of which have added millions of new products. So we have to scale the system,“ he said. The $486-billion company's traditional promise has been that they offer the lowest price on any product.That requires the company to keep a close track of prices offered by every competitor, both online and offline. “Just collecting the data from all the competitors is itself a huge problem. Collecting that and matching with our prices is a huge machine learning problem. Some people might be selling it in packs of, say six, so we have to figure out what the price of one is.And do this across millions of items,“ King said. Online publication Recode wrote last month that Amazon has a similar algorithm ­ one that works to match or beat prices from other websites and stores. It finds the lowest price per unit or per ounce for a particular product, even if it is a huge bulk-size pack, and applies it across the same type of product on Amazon. Over the past year, Walmart has stepped up efforts to counter the $136-billion Amazon. Last summer, it bought online retailer Jet.com for $3 billion. Since then it has made acquisitions of several smaller online players.In January , it announced a free two-day shipping to ho me and stores on more than two million items, provided the customer spends at least $35. Walmart established its Bengaluru centre five years ago, and it has already grown to 1,200 people, with 500 being added in just 2016. King said Walmart's sourcing engine is also built in India. “If I'm in California and I order an iPhone case and a glass, where should I ship it from? The iPhone case is in California, but the iPhone case and the glass are in Colorado. So should I ship those in one box? And if you have ten or fifty items in your basket, and there are trucks coming from such and such places, it's about as complex a machine learning project as you can get,“ King said. (This article was originally published in The Times of India) Comments(0)Add Comments R&D key to Walmart's Amazon battle To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Walmart to open 50 new stores in India soon Wal-Mart looks at online presence, Amazon considers offline stores Walmart evaluating FDI guidelines on food retail in India: CEO Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores READ MORE ONwalmartiPhoneAmazon Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Could You Discover Photos of Your Ancestors? Ancestry Experienced Travelers: Join Today to Share Your Insights o.. USA TODAY NEW YORK How A Smart Home Helps You Get To Work On Time Alarm.comMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times This game will keep you up all night! Pirates: Free Online Game Inspire a brighter future with five FREE digital stories. PNC No gamer should miss this free game Vikings: Free Online Game Earn a Master's Degree at DePaul University College of Computing and Digital Media Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi Tata just unveiled its first sports coupe - TaMo RaceMo Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Amit Shah is a traitor, Hardik a patriot: Arvind Kejriwal Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Considering a job switch? Why it pays to work at a startup even if it fails Amazon to add 7 new warehouses in India, hire 4,000 people Why eBay buyout & Flipkart's likely acquisition of Snapdeal are grim news for sellers Uber brings food delivery app UberEATS to India; to compete with Zomato, Swiggy Paytm sells over 30 kgs of 'Digital Gold' More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebMCD Election Result|RERA Bahubali 2|BSE Sensex DD vs SRH|Gold rate today Sensex Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Site Menu News Reviews Interviews Videos Features Festivals Japan Cuts All Festivals... Hollywood News Reviews Interviews Videos Features Indie News Reviews Interviews Videos Features International Africa Asia Europe Latin America Middle East UK, NZ & Australia US & Canada Weird News Reviews Interviews Videos Features Search Post on Overlook Coverage All Reviews Comedies Hollywood Reviews Indie Videos How ScreenAnarchy Works May 1 2017, 12:30 PM Blu-ray Review: THE AUTOPSY OF JANE DOE Is Laid Bare Through June 27, Scream Factory's The Autopsy of Jane Doe has an exclusive, yet bare bones, Wal-Mart release. Michele "Izzy" Galgana Associate Editor; New England Sign-In to Vote Tweet 0 Submit 2 Andre Ovredal's (Troll Hunter) excellent horror film, The Autopsy of Jane Doe, comes out tomorrow, May 2. Scream Factory is releasing the film, but they're doing things a little differently this time around; Wal-Mart has the exclusive right to sell the Blu-ray/DVD combo package until June 27, when it comes out everywhere else. (Seriously, Scream Factory doesn't even have a page for the film on their website, not even a "coming soon" placeholder page.)  The Autopsy of Jane Doe was a huge hit on the festival circuit, garnering plenty of awards. If you were lucky enough to see it with one of those audiences, you'll know why. Ovredal directs with a masterful hand, combining a mostly one-setting film with a sense of dread and claustrophobia that's rarely done so effectively. Jennifer Lynch's Chained comes to mind as another recent example. If we're going old school, I'd also say that The Autopsy of Jane Doe lives in the same house as Alien, with its dead serious, haunted house vibe.   In the story, father-son morticians played by Brian Cox and Emile Hirsch are about to lock up for the night when the sheriff (Michael McElhatton) wheels in a strange corpse. Found unearthed in the basement of a house -- that's also the location of a gruesome crime scene -- the deceased is an ethereally beautiful (Olwen Kelly) girl with not a mark on her. The only gripe I have with the film is that Hirsch's girlfriend (played by Ophelia Lovibond) is wasted.  *** SPOILER WARNING *** She's only in the film long enough to establish a relationship, disappear, and then come back during the bloody finale for no reason other than to die. *** END OF SPOILER ***  It's a minor thing because it's a small role, but when you're female and you see characters of your gender onscreen whose only purpose is to further the emotions of the male lead, you see it ALL THE TIME and it becomes grating.   Anyway, my personal feelings there don't take away my enjoyment of the rest of the film. Before long, a series of creepy events unfold in tandem with the autopsy --- and its very strange findings. Blood spurts out when it's not supposed to, and the morticians find odd markings on inner flesh, a tooth wrapped in an ancient cloth, and oh, so much more. The bells. If you've seen the film, a chill might have just gone down your spine. If you haven't, you'll get to discover this extraordinary piece of filmmaking. I'll say no more, except that this device freaks a lot of people out, and it's effective as hell.  The disc itself -- I only viewed the Blu-ray, not the corresponding DVD that came with it -- is bare bones. A recent Canadian release offers Ovredal's new short film The Tunnel, which is also an award winner, along with a TIFF Midnight Madness q&a, and alternative cover art. The Scream Factory disc only offers trailers and TV spots, which is nothing like the distributor's usual full-on treatment of their titles, as they usually overflow with great bonus features. In short, the film is incredible, and it looks and sounds great here; however, the release left me wanting much more in the way of supplementary materials. Will The Autopsy of Jane Doe scare you senseless? Check out the trailer below.  Sign-In to Vote Tweet 0 Submit 2 Do you feel this content is inappropriate or infringes upon your rights? Click here to report it, or see our DMCA policy. More about The Autopsy of Jane Doe Monsterfest 2017: Seventh Edition Now Open For Submissions And The Travelling Road Show THE AUTOPSY OF JANE DOE: In Select Canadian Cinemas This Wednesday One-Eye I thought the first hour was superb. Then it kind of descends into a whole bunch of 'house of horrors' cliches and gets pretty silly. Still, a very enjoyable movie. Rollo Tomasi Agreed. The ending was lack-luster. blog comments powered by Disqus Be An Anarchist! Subscribe to Screen Anarchy Trending Posts 1 0 May 2 2017, 9:00 AM by Andrew Mack ScreenAnarchy Exclusive: The International Premiere of the MEXICO BARBARO 2 Trailer 1 0 May 1 2017, 7:00 AM by Todd Brown THE NILE HILTON INCIDENT: Watch The Trailer For The Sundance Winning Egyptian Thriller 2 0 May 1 2017, 12:00 PM by Shelagh Rowan-Legg Review: THE HANDMAID'S TALE, Powerful and Terrifying Television 1 0 May 2 2017, 10:30 AM by Andrew Mack DEATH ON SCENIC DRIVE: Death Becomes Her in New Trailer For Gabriel Carrer's Next Horror Flick 1 0 May 1 2017, 9:30 PM by Kurt Halfyard Hot Docs 2017 Review: DO DONKEYS ACT?, Perhaps the Strangest Piece of Animal Activism Ever Made Recent Posts 1 0 May 2 2017, 11:41 PM by Ryland Aldrich Overlook 2017 Awards Wrap: HOUNDS OF LOVE Wins Big; As Did All Attendees 1 0 May 2 2017, 7:00 PM by Shelagh Rowan-Legg THE ENDLESS, COLOSSAL, THE BAR and More at Neuchâtel 2017 0 0 May 2 2017, 6:30 PM by Christopher Webster KILL SWITCH Trailer: Dan Stevens' World Implodes in Sci-Fi Thriller 0 0 May 2 2017, 4:00 PM by Todd Brown Crowdfund This! Macarena Gomez And The Owlman Star In Lawrie Brewster's THE BLACK GLOVES 1 0 May 2 2017, 2:00 PM by Kurt Halfyard Hot Docs 2017 Review: PACMEN Is Exquisite Schadenfreude Recent Comments 5 hours ago by Justin Benson on “THE ENDLESS, COLOSSAL, THE BAR and More at Neuchâtel 2017” 6 hours ago by dustin chang on “Have Your Say: Pick Actor Siblings Who Aren't Siblings!” 6 hours ago by Ben Umstead on “Have Your Say: Pick Actor Siblings Who Aren't Siblings!” 6 hours ago by dustin chang on “Have Your Say: Pick Actor Siblings Who Aren't Siblings!” 8 hours ago by Ray Smyth on “Have Your Say: Pick Actor Siblings Who Aren't Siblings!” More... Leading Voices in Global Cinema Todd Brown, Toronto, Canada Founder and Editor Peter Martin, Dallas, Texas, USA Managing Editor Ryland Aldrich, Los Angeles, California Festivals Editor James Marsh, Hong Kong, China Asian Editor Ben Umstead, Los Angeles, California U.S. Editor MORE... Be An Anarchist! Twitter Facebook RSS Subscribe to Screen Anarchy About ScreenAnarchy Contact ScreenAnarchy Privacy Policy User Agreement Advertise on ScreenAnarchy Community Guidelines All content © 2004-2016 ScreenAnarchy LLC.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN EVENTS APPS News News Decatur Huntsville Sand Mountain Shoals Live Stream The Healthy WAAY Techguy I-Team Manhunt Monday Submit News Weather Weather Main Radar Weather 101 Weather Watchers Weather Nation Live Severe Weather Guide WeatherCall Weather Blog Weather Classroom Sports Sports Main High School Football Bowl Coverage Video Live Stream and Radar All Videos Redstone Redstone Redstone 75th Anniversary Space Space Tech Tech TV Shows TV Shows TV Listings Dream Home Cooking Law Line Guerrilla Politics TN Valley Pros TN Valley Pros Community Million Dollar Investment Hometown Heroes MedCall Summer Break Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN Events Apps Contact Us About Us WATCH LIVE 4:30-7 am 11 am 5 pm 6 pm 7 pm 10 pm Weather Nation 57° Huntsville, AL (35801) Today Except for a few afternoon clouds, mainly sunny. High 83F. Winds SSE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms. Low 62F. Winds SSE at 15 to 25 mph. Chance of rain 60%. Updated: May 3, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation News News Decatur Huntsville Sand Mountain Shoals Live Stream The Healthy WAAY Techguy I-Team Manhunt Monday Submit News Weather Weather Main Radar Weather 101 Weather Watchers Weather Nation Live Severe Weather Guide WeatherCall Weather Blog Weather Classroom Sports Sports Main High School Football Bowl Coverage Video Live Stream and Radar All Videos Redstone Redstone Redstone 75th Anniversary Space Space Tech Tech TV Shows TV Shows TV Listings Dream Home Cooking Law Line Guerrilla Politics TN Valley Pros TN Valley Pros Community Million Dollar Investment Hometown Heroes MedCall Summer Break WATCH LIVE 4:30-7am 11am 5pm 6pm 7pm 10pm Close 1 of 2 Photo: Decatur Police Surveillance shows what police believe is the theft suspect's car. Have you seen this man? Police are looking for this Decatur Walmart theft suspect Travis Leder tleder@waaytv.com Travis Leder May 2, 2017 Updated 9 hrs ago 0 Photo: Decatur Police Decatur police are looking for a man who is accused of taking a shopping cart full of merchandise from a local Walmart. Police say this man, who has yet to be identified, entered the Decatur Walmart at 2800 Spring Court April 13. Investigators say surveillance video shows the man taking a large amount of merchandise, putting it in a shopping cart and escaping through a fire exit door. +1  Surveillance shows what police believe is the theft suspect's car. Police believe this suspect left the Walmart driving a newer model white Cadillac sedan shown in this photo. Decatur police ask anyone with information on this suspect to call 256-341-4846. Travis Leder Follow Travis Leder Close Get email notifications on Travis Leder daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Travis Leder posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Travis Leder Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Tennessee Kidnapping AMBER Alert tipster receives $10,000 reward Documents: Tennessee teen abused by mom before kidnapping by teacher Man who found Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas to get reward Tad Cummins to return to Tennessee to face charges Counselor explains Elizabeth Thomas's possible thought process Prosecutors: Tad Cummins wanted to flee to Mexico with Elizabeth Thomas Tad Cummins due in court for Elizabeth Thomas disappearance Psychologist talks warning signs of sexual abuse and road to recovery Attorney: Elizabeth Thomas reunited with family Cummins' family lawyer releases statement following arrest of Tad Cummins Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles TVA urges boaters to stay off of the Tennessee River UPDATE: Jackson County inmate still at large after another escapee captured Florence man indicted on rape and sodomy charges UPDATE: 1 dead after tree falls on woman in Lincoln County Officers: Woman agreed to swap sex for $25, chicken McNuggets UPDATE: NWS confirms Sunday tornado south of Eva 7 inmates to be charged in Marshall County jail disturbance Teachers arrested, accused of bullying 11-year-old girl UPDATE: Man surrenders to police after shooting, standoff near Old Madison Pike How to lose weight without dieting Images Videos Commented Two dogs killed in attack in Harvest neighborhood within 10 minutes of each other (3) UPDATE: Jackson County inmate still at large after another escapee captured (2) UPDATE: Huntsville considering turning Joe Davis Stadium into 10,000-seat amphitheater (2) TVA to eliminate handguns from nuclear power plant security (2) VIDEO: Possible looting at fire-damaged Dollar General caught on camera (1) UPDATE: Suspects behind Huntsville meth lab previously accused of child endangerment (1) You won't hear a weather warning siren in Sylvania today -- or ever again (1) Some GOP lawmakers push against Oklahoma anti-abortion bills (1) Shoals lawmaker calls for former governor Bentley aide Rebekah Mason to be investigated (1) ABC Poll: 96 percent of Trump supporters would still vote for him today (1) WAAY to Win a Keurig! Watch Liz at 4:30-6 am for the day's high and a chance to win a brand new K50 Keurig Coffee Maker and 2 WAAY Mugs! Hometown Heroes Nominate someone you think is deserving to be called a Hometown Hero! Star99 App download Stream Today's Best Music Anywhere with The Star 99 streaming app. One Million Dollar Community Investment Non-profits can apply for a portion of the $1 million dollars in the form of “media grants” that we will award on a regular basis. Traffic Center For traffic news and updates follow us at the traffic center.  Connect with Us Join our many social media apps. Connect with our talent and follow for news updates.  Weather Nation 24 hour live streaming weather service.  Email Newsletter Sign-up for our newsletters and stay informed.  RoadWAAY Warrior For local traffic updates and road way information.  TN Valley Pros Tennessee Valley Pros where you'll find access to the leading experts in the Huntsville, AL area. Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Events May 3 OLLI at UAH Spring Term Wed, May 3, 2017 — all day Annual membership $16 and an $85 course fees covers up to four courses. May 4 OLLI at UAH Spring Term Thu, May 4, 2017 — all day Annual membership $16 and an $85 course fees covers up to four courses. May 4 The Enrichment Center Golf Classic Thu, May 4, 2017 @ 11:00 am May 4 The Enrichment Center Golf Classic Thu, May 4, 2017 @ 11:00 am May 4 Huntsville Summer Gallery Tour @ Lowe Mill A&E Thu, May 4, 2017 @ 5:00 pm Free May 4 Margs at the Museum Thu, May 4, 2017 @ 6:00 pm $25.00 May 4 Madison County Democratic Women's JFK Scholarship Dinner Thu, May 4, 2017 @ 7:00 pm $50-100 May 4 Gary Nichols In Concert Thu, May 4, 2017 @ 7:30 pm $25 May 5 OLLI at UAH Spring Term Fri, May 5, 2017 — all day Annual membership $16 and an $85 course fees covers up to four courses. May 5 Harlequin Jazz Band Concerts on the Dock Fri, May 5, 2017 @ 6:00 pm $5 donation May 5 the Retrovales & Owls and Other Animlas Fri, May 5, 2017 @ 7:00 pm $5 donation May 6 The Hornet Hero 5K and 1 Mile Fun Run Sat, May 6, 2017 @ 8:00 am May 6 Hosta Society of North Alabama Hosta Sale and Workshops Sat, May 6, 2017 @ 8:00 am Free May 6 Hosta Society of North Alabama Hosta Sale and Workshops Sat, May 6, 2017 @ 8:00 am Free May 6 1864 Reenactment Base Ball Game @ Lowe Mill A&E Sat, May 6, 2017 @ 12:30 pm Free Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates For daily news updates and when Breaking News occurs. Manage your lists Sections News Weather Sports Trending Contests Videos Redstone Space Tech Million Dollar Community Investment Online Features Services Full TV Episodes Team About Contact Employment Contact Information waaytv.com 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL 35801 Phone: 256-533-3131 Email: newsroom@waaytv.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 WAAY-TV, 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Fort Smith City Administrator admits city should have told citizens about recycling problem Year-to-date Arkansas tax revenue up 0.4%, below the budget forecast by $87.5 million Swath of Pocahontas underwater, more flooding predicted throughout Northeast Arkansas Lawmakers wrap-up key bills of special session after long debate on $103 million contingency fund Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fort Smith City Administrator admits city should have told citizens about recycling problem Year-to-date Arkansas tax revenue up 0.4%, below the budget forecast by $87.5 million Swath of Pocahontas underwater, more flooding predicted throughout Northeast Arkansas House Speaker files resolution to outline impeachment proceedings, lawmaker says Judge Griffen is target Lawmakers wrap-up key bills of special session after long debate on $103 million contingency fund Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith City Administrator admits city should have told citizens about recycling problem Swath of Pocahontas underwater, more flooding predicted throughout Northeast Arkansas CBID votes to allow demolition of 80-year-old building in downtown Fort Smith The city of Fort Smith has sent almost 1,500 tons of recyclables to landfill Video / Podcasts AG Rutledge says mid-May the earliest that new Arkansas execution schedule could be set in motion Senate President Dismang shares thoughts on healthcare, taxes and executions TB&P Daily: Rex Nelson and Richard Bearden share stories on the life and legacy of former Congressman Jay Dickey TB&P Daily: John Brummett on Arkansas executions and playing tennis at the White House with Jay Dickey U.S. Rep. Bruce Westerman says healthcare reform has to happen Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail ATRI releases list of 6 research priorities for 2017 The Supply Side: Wal-Mart suppliers could see new opportunities with Lidl P.A.M. first quarter earnings fall 22%, revenue rises 5% Trucking industry pushes feds for hair testing guidelines for drug testing Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Swath of Pocahontas underwater, more flooding predicted throughout Northeast Arkansas BusinessNortheast ArkansasTalk Politics by George Jared (gjared@talkbusiness.net) 4 hours ago 113 views  0 SHARES Share Tweet Pocahontas flooding (Source: Air Evac Lifeteam 02 - Paragould via Facebook) Floodwaters topped the primary earthen levee along the Black River in Pocahontas Tuesday, swamping the city’s eastern side. U.S. 67 connecting the city to points east has been shutdown, and a slew of businesses including the town’s Walmart Supercenter and McDonald’s were inundated by water in the early afternoon. The river is now predicted to crest at 31.5-feet, more than three feet higher than the all-time record set in 2011 when the town was decimated by floodwaters. Officials have kept a wary eye on an Arkansas Highway and Transportation construction barge near the U.S. 67 bridge. AHTD officials told Randolph County Judge David Jansen the barge is tightly secured. If the barge were to turn loose in the swirling waters, it could damage or destroy peers on the old bridge that is still in use. If the bridge were significantly damaged or destroyed, it would make the worst flood in Randolph County history even more damaging, Jansen said. “They say it’s secure, so we will have to wait and see,” the judge said. “Right now, our focus is on saving lives and keeping our people safe.” Jansen doesn’t think the river will crest at 31.5-feet for one ominous reason. As water rushes over the levee it will degrade and breaches or holes will form. More water will be released and it should help stabilize the water levels, but that means the water will envelop the surrounding area, he said. There are more than 100 county roads under water and the damage is impossible to estimate at this juncture, he said. Gov. Asa Hutchinson visited the region Tuesday. He toured flooded areas in Randolph, Sharp, and Lawrence counties, according to information released by his office. He encouraged residents in the flood’s path to heed warnings and evacuate. “There is no reason to put first responders in danger,” A.J. Gary, director of the Department of Emergency Management said. “We can’t stress enough the importance for people to evacuate.” Randolph County Chamber of Commerce Executive Director Tim Scott told Talk Business & Politics the economic impact will be “astronomical.” There are more than 500 businesses in Pocahontas and the surrounding county, and virtually all will be affected by the floods. Even if those businesses aren’t in the direct path of water, customers cannot get out to shop or work, and that will devastate the local economy. He owns a local radio station, and the water has risen five feet in his own building. “Who can fathom what we are going through right now?” Scott asked rhetorically. “If you would have told me I’d be off the air for a week because of a flood, I’d tell you that you were nuts. It happened in 2011, and it could happen again now. This will probably be much worse than 2011.” The area’s largest employer, Peco Foods will likely be shut down for at least several days, Scott said. It employs about 1,000 workers and the company needs several hundred more. Each day the plant processes 200,000 chickens, or about 1.4 million per week, Scott said. Its primary customer is Buffalo Wild Wings, he said. A lot of production has been moved to the company’s Batesville plant. The Pocahontas processing plant sits on a plain not far from the levee. The plant itself was built on higher ground, but Scott doesn’t know if that will keep the waters away. Attempts to reach Peco officials have been unsuccessful. If the plant were down for an extended period, it would result in millions of dollars in lost wages. How the company will deal with these issues is uncertain. Even if the plant isn’t flooded, it sits on U.S. 67 and the last flood shut the highway down for more than a week, meaning workers couldn’t get to work even if they wanted, he said. At least 300 people have been evacuated from eastern Pocahontas, according to official estimates. About 150 homes have received some damage and the numbers are expected to rise. Along Pace Road, one of the hardest hit areas, the state unemployment office, the county jail and the state health department office are located. Scott said those buildings will receive significant damage. More bad news may be on the way in the form of more rain. The National Weather Service is predicting showers for Wednesday and possibly Thursday. It will also rain in southern Missouri, the source of the flood waters on the Black River. What will happen once the waters flow south is anybody’s guess. In 2011, communities throughout Northeast Arkansas were damaged or destroyed by floods that started along the Black River in Pocahontas, and the cleanup took years and the economic impact was hundreds of millions of dollars. Jansen has dealt with his share of natural catastrophes. Before the record floods in 2011, the county had a near record flood in 2008 that swamped many parts of Pocahontas. A once in a generation ice storm paralyzed the county and surrounding counties in 2009. Many were without power for weeks after the entire electrical grid was damaged by heavy ice accumulations. “It’s going to be a record, that’s all I can say,” Jansen said. “We can’t control mother nature.” Comments comments Previous post House Speaker files resolution to outline impeachment proceedings, lawmaker says Judge Griffen is target Next post Year-to-date Arkansas tax revenue up 0.4%, below the budget forecast by $87.5 million Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Laura Andress Recruiting ‘outside the box’ Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, drug money, ‘far away eyes,’ and gum and trinkets Barbara Taylor Delegation can boost enterprise value Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Latest Popular Fort Smith City Administrator admits city should have told citizens about recycling problem 3 hours ago Year-to-date Arkansas tax revenue up 0.4%, below the budget forecast by $87.5 million 4 hours ago Swath of Pocahontas underwater, more flooding predicted throughout Northeast Arkansas 4 hours ago House Speaker files resolution to outline impeachment proceedings, lawmaker says Judge Griffen is target 5 hours ago Lawmakers wrap-up key bills of special session after long debate on $103 million contingency fund 6 hours ago Broker, City Director Keith Lau launches plan for new development in downtown Fort Smith  4,334 views Southwestern Energy plans to double drilling in Moorefield Shale in north-central Arkansas 4,268 views For banker Johnny Allison, there’s nothing like a little Cuban credit, opportunity and hospitality 2,047 views Weldon, Williams & Lick to expand in deal with Florida ticket company 1,999 views Winery owner makes plunge into Arkansas’ burgeoning cheese industry 787 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
North Dallas Gazette The North Dallas Gazette provides information and African American community news and events. Home NDG Entertainment NDG Art Reviews NDG Gossip NDG BookShelf Contest Holiday Community Updates Allen Carrollton Frisco Garland Irving McKinney Plano Richardson Politics National Politics Local Politics Op Ed NDG Marketplace About Us Reflection of a Leader Birth of Minority Opportunity News October 2000 – MON Says Farewell To Dallas History Making Dates Irving–Carrollton NAACP Honors North Dallas Gazette at Banquet Board Members Awards Further Recognition Contact North Dallas Gazette Staff and Team Advertising Digital Marketing Print Advertising Subscriptions Archives 1992 to 1999 Archives 2000-2009 Archives 2010-2019 Archives 2016 Archives 2017 Archives You are here: Home / Politics / Op Ed / False Reality: 11 Things I learned after serving 15 years in federal prison False Reality: 11 Things I learned after serving 15 years in federal prison May 1, 2017 No Comments Author Clifford ‘Spud’ Johnson at a recent book signing (Courtesy photo) By: Clifford ‘Spud” Johnson I have been home for 27 months after completing a 15 year and 11 month sentence in federal prison for conspiracy to distribute 16.5 kilos of crack cocaine. Going to prison for the very first time in my life without actually getting caught for selling drugs was hard enough for me. I mean yes, I did sell drugs but the federal conspiracy charge is so broad that a person does not need to be caught selling drugs as long as they have enough proof against you to make the charge stick. As I mentioned, doing time was hard for me but I made the best of it by penning several novels and signing a book deal with Carl Weber’s Urban Books- America’s largest African American book distributor. Yes, I went from distributing drugs to distributing books. With that accomplishment under my belt I felt I was ready for society for certain. I mean my books are in Walmart, Barnes & Noble and all major retail store, the sky is the limit right? NOPE! Like us on Facebook for the latest news Upon my release, I had to address and I am still addressing issues that no counseling class the federal government provided could have ever prepare me for. I chose to document this in hopes that it can help someone who will have to address these same issues after being released from federal and state prison. I chose 11 because the number 11 has always been a number that has been special to me. I’ll explain that at a later. So here they are.   (1) Support System My support system was tremendous. I mean no man could ever have been as blessed as I was upon my release. I had family and loved ones who took care of me in every way. This included buying me clothes, providing me with a cell phone, and bringing me food to the halfway house. Everything I needed was given to me. Cool! But as I look at it now it was not really cool because I took that for granted and every time something got rough for me I had my hand out expecting family and friends to give – give – give. Their generosity became a crutch I felt would lead me to making bad decisions. Thankfully, I had some tough love given to me from Tezlyn Figaro who woke me up! Thank you Tezlyn, with your words of encouragement and patience I was able to get me to a point (finally) where I had to man up and take care of myself. My point, please don not come home and take for granted the blessings your loved ones give, accept them humbly and get yourself your own! Trust me you will love the feeling.   (2) Technology WOW is all I can say to start this. I left in 1999 and returned in 2015 to a world so fast for me that I was terrified. I mean the simple stuff like using a cell phone freaked me out. I thought I could just get a smart phone take it in a room and figure it out. WRONG! Even though it is now so simple to me, at first it had me actually scared. I didn’t know how to tap the phone to make the keys show. I didn’t know how to check my emails on my phone. I had hell sending a text! This may not be too uncommon to those who have knowledge of this, but to those who have left in the 90s to return to this hi-tech world – it is a straight trip. Cash ruled my world, to come home and get a debit card was strange to me. But I got it now LOL. However, the technology changes by the day and I’m still learning and trying to keep up!   (3) Battling Temptations I was blessed by family and friends and so many other ways. I was blessed enough to get a job 16 days after my release. I know this is sad to say, but this was the first job I ever had and I was 45 years old. All I knew was the hustle from the streets, but now I was in what I like to call the Johnny Square world. So, I had to be able to adapt to it. I had to be Johnny Square for the first time in my life and I was scared to death. Could I do this? Will I be able to get used to getting up going to work for eight hours a day for $11.25 a hour? You damn right I could! And I did it. I mean I was scared true, but I embraced my fears and went to work proudly every single day. On time and worked overtime without issue. I felt real good about myself and was quite proud. Up until payday. Every time payday came instead of being happy about the honest money I’ve earned I felt like WTF!? I used to blow this on Jordans, clothes and clubbing. I would look at my check and be like fuck this, I gotta get my hustle on. But after a day or so that would fade because I would think about standing up at four o’clock count in the feds and be like nope, no fucking way am I ever doing that again. So I put those temptations to rest and kept right on working and loving it. Does the temptation ever go away? NO. I refuse to fall for the temptations of the game because I know what it will lead too and I’ve come too far now to fail. My point is you have to dig deep into your inner soul, pray hard every single night and stay focused on your freedom. God is so good always believe that.   (4) Managing Check to Check Managing money was also a hard one for me because I was used to having what I want — when I wanted it. But my money wasn’t long and I learned quickly that fact was real. You have to set yourself up a budget quick fast and in a hurry once you see what you are making. If you do not those temptations I spoke on will eat at you until you break. MANAGE WHAT YOU EARN! PLEASE DO THIS ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   (5) The Simple Things I was amazed at how the simple things in life that no one who has been to prison, even think about, had me shocked. Going to the grocery store, Walmart or the mall was so fascinating to me. Everything and everyone seemed to move so fast! While I was on my federal vacay I dreamt of how it would feel like to walk in the mall and go shopping. I couldn’t wait! Yet it took me literally two years before I actually did it! It was like being around so many people made me nervous. Weird right? I mean how can I feel like that when I had just did 15 plus years around 2,000 or more men every day. Trust me it is not the same. My point is this will take time, but you will gradually adjust and when you do it is going to feel great!   (6) Family Dynamics Everyone’s family dynamics are different. However, for those who left young kids when you went to prison, you will have some heavy challenges to face when you return home, My sons were 5 and 2 years old when I left. They were 18 and 21 when I returned. Having to acknowledge them as young men was very difficult to me. I did not want to come home and be strict and tough on them. Yet I did not want to be too soft either. It’s a fine balance you have to face. The best advice I can give is try to form the best communication you can with your kids.   (7) Pride Pride sometimes can be good and bad. For me it was a little of both. It felt so good when I got approved for my 2008 Impala. The first car I owned without using ill-gotten gains. I worked hard for my money and I appreciated and loved my car! Yes, it is seven years old but it is my pride and joy! I take care of my car in every way. Funny, because before I went to prison I had new whips like it wasn’t nothing. Lowriders, big rims loud music and all that, but now that is the last thing I think about. Even if I could afford that stuff it does not mean nothing to me anymore. I am more focused on being able to pay my rent on time and take care of my bills. And that’s what makes me so proud of myself. I’m taking care of me and love it! I will not fake it with you though, sometimes pride puts me in a bad way. When I am around people I tend to think I don’t look as good as them, because I may have on less expensive clothes or whatever. I try to shake it off but it’s not easily done. I know it’s because I was used to having the best of the best but I’m not in the 90s anymore! Those days are over! And I keep reminding myself of that every single day. You have to in order to overcome the negatives that come from pride like that. Again, I pray and keep the faith and God has held me down. TRUST IN HIM!   (8) Pride 2.0 Pride and ego combined can be so detrimental to you and that takes prayer and a whole lot of thinking. If you don’t think before you move ,your ego can get you twisted fast and I’ve had some close encounters that scared me to death. Respect, is something that is demanded when on the other side of the fence, but what we deem respect inside —  is totally different outside in the REAL world. I’ve had to learn quickly and I beg you to do the same. Someone can say something you think is disrespectful and you will snap quick if you don’t think before you respond. I’ve almost had a fight with my boss at work because of my ego and simple mind state I brought home from prison. So PLEASE don’t let your ego or false pride as being a man do this to you because it will lead you into a wreck fast!   (9) Past Guilt Your homeboys, friends, homegirls, family, kids whomever will try to put you on a mean guilt trip in someway or the other. Especially if you were the bread winner when you were home. Don’t let that happen! The past is the past and you can’t go back in time, you only can live in the now. That false sense of obligation will be detrimental to everything you are trying to accomplish now. I’m not saying do not be there for your love ones, but if you can’t do something for them don’t let anyone guilt you. It will hurt you in more ways than one. TRUST ME!   (10) Health Most of us when we return home from prison are in the best physical health of our lives. The foods we consumed in prison can affect your appetite greatly once you are free. You are going to want to eat everything up under the sun, because you missed so much. I’m currently going through severe stomach issues because of that so be careful and take your time adjusting to the food of the free world because it is so rich that it can mess you up fast!   (11) My Dreams Lastly, one of the most important to me is my dreams. All you did while in prison was dream of how you would live and enjoy the rest of your days. Those dreams can come back and haunt you like the worst nightmare you’ve ever had in your life. I mentioned how I’m a published author with books in Walmart and all that, so my dreams were on a major scale. I mean I was thinking I was going to come home and be this big time best selling author. WRONG! Reality hit me in the head. I have a lot to learn about a business I thought I knew inside and out. It took a lot of talks with my confidante (Tez again) for me to wake up and see that the work has to be put in before those grand dreams can ever come. It is much more than me selling books it is about branding and public relations. Huh? These things were so foreign to me. My point in closing is that it is ok to dream just don’t confuse your dreams with reality because it’s real out here. The only way you will make it as a Johnny Square is patience, focus and prayer. God Bless, Clifford ‘Spud’ Johnson Author Clifford Spud Johnson book titles can be found in America’s largest retail stores such as Wal-Mart, Barnes and Noble, Books a Million and Amazon. For more information please visit http://www.cliffordspudjohnson.com.  Related Posts Dallas man’s sentence commuted by President Obama Quicken Loans’ lawsuit accuses DOJ of abuse of power Obama spotlights the race factor in the war on drugs Release Low-Level, Non-Violent Drug Offenders Curtis Report:Chicago my kind of town (not) Conservatives critical of African American Museum ignoring Justice Clarence Thomas National Urban League calls Wal-Mart’s break with ALEC a victory for social responsibility African American community continues to commit or allow the on-going economic exploitation Filed Under: Op Ed, Latest News Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website NDG Current Edition – April 27, 2017 (Click here) Now playing on NDGTV Get social Email Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter YouTube Email Newsletter Sign up below! Please ignore this text box. It is used to detect spammers. If you enter anything into this text box, your message will not be sent. Email Address* powered by FireDrum Search NDG Website Categories Categories Select Category Sis. Tarpley Legal Financial News Justice Lead Story NDG Entertainment Cover Allen NDG Area Politics Cover Story Op Ed Entertainment Calendar Front Page Carrollton NDG Entertainment Latest News NDG BookShelf National Politics Cedar Hill Business NDG Art Reviews Local Politics Coppell Education NDG Gossip DeSoto Health Contest Duncanville People in the News Holiday Frisco Crime Dining Garland Politics Travel Irving Community Updates Lancaster Community Calendar McKinney Community Spotlight Murphy Environment/Green Plano Religion Richardson National Black History Shopping ads Opportunities Resources Uncategorized Market Place Market Place Marketplace Market Place NDG “Around Town” Allen Event Center ALW Entertainment American Airlines Center AT&T Performing Arts Center Bass Performance Hall Dallas Children's Theater Dallas House of Blues Dallas Symphony Orchestra Dallas Theater Center Eisemann Center Gexa Energy Pavillion Granada Theater The Kessler Majestic Theatre Plano Balloon Festival Bishop Arts Theater The Black Academy of Arts and Letters Verizon Theater VIP Realtor Consultants Black Press Links Arizona Informant Chicago Defender Indianapolis Recorder LA Sentinel New York Amsterdam News Oakland Tribune San Diego Voice and Viewpoint Skanner News in Portland The New York Carib News Houston Style Magazine The New Journal & Guide - Norfolk, VA Ads © Copyright 2015 North Dallas Gazette – All Rights Reserved. Log in Get weekly updates from NDG Please ignore this text box. It is used to detect spammers. If you enter anything into this text box, your message will not be sent. Email Address* powered by FireDrum CLOSE MENU Bookmark NDG Entertainment Community Updates Politics NDG Marketplace About Us Advertising Archives
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 48° Cloudy High: 57° | Low: 44° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: A special report Nation & World Politics More in Politics Politics Gov. LePage Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards Red Sox College Sea Dogs Maine Red Claws Outdoors Community More in Community Celebrations Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Source Food Books Things to Do MaineToday.com Sudoku Crossword Real Estate More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Local Offers More in Local Offers test Obituaries Jobs Auto More in Auto New Cars Index Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted Yesterday at 1:37 PM Updated at 12:06 AM increase font size Review of big dairies raises doubts that some ‘organic’ milk is the real thing An unorthodox inspection system appears to allow farms to fall short of organic standards without being detected. By Peter WhoriskeyThe Washington post Share Comment Read Article The High Plains dairy complex reflects the new scale of the U.S. organic industry: It is big. Stretching across miles of pastures and feedlots north of Greeley, Colorado, the complex is home to more than 15,000 cows, making it more than a hundred times the size of a typical organic herd. It is the main facility of Aurora Organic Dairy, a company that produces enough milk to supply the house brands of Wal-Mart, Costco and other major retailers. Bobby Prigel, owner of Prigel Family Creamery, leads cows to a barn in Glen Arm, Md. Organic dairies are required to allow cows to graze daily in the growing season, which Prigel does religiously but some large dairies may not. Matt McClain/The Washington Post Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → “We take great pride in our commitment to organic, and in our ability to meet the rigorous criteria of the USDA organic regulations,” Aurora advertises. But a closer look at Aurora and other large operations highlights critical weaknesses in the unorthodox inspection system that the USDA uses to ensure that “organic” food is really organic. The U.S. organic market now counts more than $40 billion in annual sales and includes products imported from about 100 countries. To enforce the organic rules across this vast industry, the USDA allows farmers to hire and pay their own inspectors to certify them as “USDA Organic.” Industry defenders say enforcement is robust. But the problems at an entity like Aurora suggests that even large, prominent players can fall short of standards without detection. With milk, the critical issue is grazing. Organic dairies are required to allow the cows to graze daily throughout the growing season – that is, the cows are supposed to be grass-fed, not confined to barns and feed lots. This method is considered more natural and alters the constituents of the cows milk in ways that consumers deem beneficial. But during visits by The Washington Post to Aurora’s High Plains complex across nine days last year, signs of grazing were sparse, at best. Aurora said their animals were out on pasture day and night, but during most Post visits the number of cows seen in pastures numbered in the hundreds. A high-resolution satellite photo taken in mid-July by Digital Globe, a space imagery vendor, shows a typical situation – only a few hundred in pastures. At no point were there any more than 10 percent of the herd out. In response, Aurora spokeswoman Sonja Tuitele dismissed the Post visits as anomalies and “drive-bys.” The milk produced also provides evidence that Aurora cows do not graze as required by organic rules. Testing conducted for the Post by Virginia Tech scientists shows that on a key indicator of grass-feeding, the Aurora milk matched conventional milk, not organic. Finally, the Post contacted the inspectors who visited Aurora’s High Plains dairy and certified it as “USDA Organic.” Did their inspectors have evidence that the Aurora cows met the grazing requirement? It turned out that they were poorly positioned to know. ARE CONSUMERS MISLED? The inspectors conducted the annual audit well after grazing season – in November. That means that during the annual audit, inspectors would not have seen whether the cows were grazing as required, a breach of USDA inspection policy. “We would expect that inspectors are out there during the grazing season,” said Miles McEvoy, chief of the National Organic Program at USDA. He said that the grazing requirement is “a critical compliance component of an organic livestock operation.” If organic farms violate organic rules, consumers are being misled and overcharged. In the case of milk, consumers pay extra – often double – when the carton says “USDA Organic” in the belief they are getting something different. Organic dairy sales amounted to $6 billion last year in the U.S. The failure to comply with organic standards also harms other farms, many of them small. Following the rules costs extra because grazing requires more land and because cows that dine on grass typically produce less milk. Whether an organic dairy is grazing its herd is relatively easy to see, especially if roads criss-cross their pastures. It is more difficult, however, for outsiders to judge whether a dairy is following other organic rules – such as those regarding hormones and organic feed. Ten years ago, after a complaint from a consumer group, Aurora faced USDA allegations that it breached organic rules regarding grazing and other issues. The USDA charged that Aurora was in “willful violation” of organic standards, but a settlement agreement allowed them to continue to operate. There have been no charges since then. But some small organic dairy farmers say that the new, large organic dairies that have popped up in the Southwest are violating standards. On one-day visits to several large organic operations in Texas and New Mexico, a Post reporter saw similarly empty pastures. It was difficult to determine where their milk winds up on retail shelves, however, and so no chemical tests were pursued. “About half of the organic milk sold in the U.S. is coming from very large factory farms that have no intention of living up to organic principles,” said Mark Kastel of the Cornucopia Institute, a Wisconsin-based nonprofit group representing thousand of organic farmers. “Thousands of small organic farmers across the United States depend on the USDA organic system working. Unfortunately, right now, it’s not working for small farmers, or for consumers.” WHAT DOES THE LABEL MEAN? The “USDA Organic” seal that appears on food packaging – essentially a USDA guarantee of quality – was created by federal rules in 2000. Until then, convincing customers that a product was “organic” could be a murky proposition – everyone relied on informal definitions of “organic” and informal measures of trust. The “USDA Organic” seal changed that, standardizing concepts and setting rules. It has proven a boon: Organic food sales rose from about $6 billion annually in 2000 to $40 billion in 2015, according to the Organic Trade Association. The integrity of the new label, however, rested on an unusual system of inspections. Under organic rules, the USDA typically doesn’t inspect farms. Instead, farmers hire their own inspectors from lists of private companies and other organizations licensed by the USDA. An inspector makes an annual visit that is arranged days or weeks in advance. Only 5 percent of inspections are expected to be done unannounced. To keep the inspectors honest, the USDA reviews the records of each inspection outfit about every 2½ years. This inspection system saves the USDA money because it doesn’t have to hire many inspectors. The compliance and enforcement team at the USDA National Organic Program has nine people – one for every $4 billion in sales. At the other end of the scale from Aurora are many small dairies who have come to rely on the USDA Organic label, investing in the opportunity it represents, believing in its promise. Several years ago, for example, Bobby Prigel, a fourth-generation dairyman with a 300-acre spread of rolling pastures and white plank fences in northern Maryland, made the switch. With milk prices declining and feed costs rising, Prigel figured he had to try something different. The herd had been in the barn area for decades, munching feed. One day he shooed them out to pasture. Here’s the funny thing, he said: His cows seemed confused. Though cows are natural grazers – like the wild aurochs they descended from – the grazing instincts of his cows had been dulled. “They didn’t really know how to graze at first – they didn’t know how to bend down and get grass with their tongues,” Prigel said one day during a break on his farm. Nor were they accustomed to walking much. THE COST OF BEING ‘ORGANIC’ Prigel, meanwhile, had to make economic adjustments. Producing milk according to the “USDA Organic” standard costs more. To begin with, organic cows cannot be given hormones to stimulate milk production. And any feed or pasture for the cows must be organic – that is, grown without most synthetic pesticides. Second, to be considered organic, cows must obtain a certain percentage of their diet from grazing. Prigel is a purist and feeds his herd entirely from the pasture, but most organic dairies supplement the pasture with corn, soybeans or other grains, even during the grazing season. The grazing requirement makes milk more costly to produce because it requires a certain amount of pasture land and because a grazing cow produces less milk than one eating a grain diet optimized for milk production. With grass-fed cows, “there’s just not nearly as much milk,” Prigel said. On the upside, a farmer can sell certified organic milk for almost double the price of conventional, and there are other benefits, too: The milk is measurably different, and according to the USDA, it improves cow health and reduces the environmental impacts of agriculture. Moreover, because grazing is natural cow behavior, some believe it is more humane. “Cows aren’t supposed to stay inside and eat corn,” Prigel said. The growth of mega-dairies that skimp on grazing and produce cheap milk appears to be crushing many small dairies, some analysts said. “The mom and pop – the smaller traditional family dairies – who are following the pasture rules are seeing their prices erode,” said Hardin, The Milkweed editor. “It is creating a heck of a mess.” Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared A good bad year: Doping’s effect on harness racing Off-track betting takes a piece, and a hit, from gambling in Maine Twelve years and $112 million in state funds have failed to save harness racing in Maine RSU 9 board sets $33.9M budget, 3.51 percent increase over last year Reiter, DeAngelis share the spotlight Three-alarm Waterville fire at community support agency draws crews from several communities Skowhegan motorcyclist dies in Monmouth crash Winthrop woman who killed 67-year-old in crash tells judge, 'I'm not a lost cause' Wiscasset couple taking fireworks lawsuit against ‘Big Al’ to high court New England Patriots 1st pick in 2017 draft has close family ties to Maine Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Colby College plans $200 million athletic complex with first Olympic-size pool in Maine Winslow schools' lockout lifted after police nab burglary suspect in area Three-alarm Waterville fire at community support agency draws crews from several communities Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us SHOPPING Tale of 2 Tides - is bargain detergent really a deal? Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1942089" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A five-gallon bucket of Tide detergent, with Vietnamese text, sells for $24 while a standard box is $13 for just one-third the size. (KFSN) KFSN By Corin Hoggard Tuesday, May 02, 2017 05:32PM FRESNO, Calif. -- The deal is hard to beat. Smart & Final's five-gallon bucket of Tide laundry detergent sells for $24. Walmart's biggest box is about one-third the size for $13, so the bucket is quite a bargain - about a 40 percent discount. But a closer look suggests it may not be exactly what you think. "I thought about buying it, and then I did my research," shopper Alex Pike said. Pike found the bucket a couple months ago and thought it was a great deal, but she decided something looked unusual, so she gave it a closer look. Some of the writing is in Vietnamese. When we peeled back a sticker, we found out it's only supposed to be sold in Vietnam. Procter & Gamble produces Tide. And when people started asking about the big buckets on social media, the company said its products don't come in five-gallon buckets for retail sale. "Being a cloth diapering mother who goes through detergent like crazy, having a five-gallon bucket for real cheap was a good deal," Pike said. A spokeswoman told ABC13's sister station Action News they have two issues with the big buckets - one is the possibility of counterfeit sales. Police in LA arrested several people last year for buying and selling fake Tide in orange five-gallon buckets. The other is a Procter & Gamble product intended for professional use in Vietnam, but it's hitting store shelves here in the United States. The spokeswoman says "P&G does not sell or authorize anyone else to sell products in five-gallon buckets to the general public." A Smart & Final spokeswoman said the company can assure customers the product is genuine. They say it "is legally imported for distribution in the United States and is safe to use." FoodMaxx sells the same buckets, and they also say they import the buckets from Vietnam. But Tide's makers say the product is meant to be used in Vietnam where the washing conditions are different than in the US, so the product may not be what American consumers are used to buying. So, we wanted to see how it compared to this typical Tide detergent. We asked the chemists at BSK Associates to find out whether the products are the same on a molecular level. We checked for phosphates, a powerful cleaning agent companies stopped using in the U.S. because of environmental concerns. EMBED More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1942479" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Action News bought Tide in the five-gallon bucket and Tide in a smaller container and asked chemists to examine them down to a molecular level and see what they found. "This one also claims there's no Orthophosphate 38, so we're actually going to test the levels," Ian Huh with the lab said. And they checked for other possible differences as well. Procter & Gamble said they don't control the supply chain for the Vietnamese product, so the formula may be different and consumers like Pike may not get the results they usually get from Tide. Action News Anchor Corin Hoggard went to Smart & Final and bought Tide in the five-gallon bucket and Tide in a smaller container and asked the chemists to examine them down to a molecular level and see what they found. They started with a couple assumptions. "I wasn't sure if it was counterfeit or not, but if it was counterfeit I was anticipating there would be some kind of phosphate in it," Huh said. Manufacturers eliminated phosphates in American detergents more than 20 years ago because of environmental concerns, but the chemical compounds are not illegal in California, and they're considered a strong cleaning agent. But the spectrophotometer showed no phosphates in either product. In fact, it showed the bucket and the box both contained the same elements and compounds but in different amounts. "There was six times more surfactin in the five-gallon bucket," Huh explained. Surfactins are cleaning agents. In this case, the analysis showed a high amount of sulfates in the Vietnamese Tide. The chemists say the higher levels mean Tide from the bucket might have a different effect on your clothes than the domestic Tide. "It can result in potentially taking color out from your clothes," Huh said. The American Tide had more aluminum in it, which chemists say is often used as a water softener. So, with those results in mind, is the bucket a bargain to Alexandria Pike? "I would not go back and buy that bucket, knowing that it could dull your clothes because, in the long run, I'm not just washing my clothes," she said. "I'm washing clothes for three or four other people." The chemists, on the other hand, wanted what was left in the big bucket - but just for their whites. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: shoppingshoppingconsumerCalifornia Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KFSN-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. SHOPPING Check This Out Houston Teen with rare disease gets special trip to Disney Store SPONSORED: Goodwill Houston Luxury shoe brand Jimmy Choo goes up for sale More shopping SHOPPING Teachers, grab your Teacher Appreciation Week deals! Which eye makeup brand stands up to the heat? Digital Deal of the Day See these hot hair gadgets put to the test More Shopping Top Stories Katy teen identified as victim of UT campus stabbing Severe storms possible in Houston Wednesday Man with pellet gun prompts security scare at local college Finding these rare coins could help you score big GOOD EVENING, FRIENDS: Dave Ward signs off Police: Suspect in UT stabbings had mental health trouble Sister of slain mother: 'You cannot be silent' Show More 8 people have been killed by METRO trains in 5 years What you need to know about Harrison Brown Former Marine and girlfriend found strangled in Belize Police change account of fatal shooting of teen near Dallas Father of 7 killed while trying to sell iPhone to teens More News Top Video Father of 7 killed while trying to sell iPhone to teens Former Marine and girlfriend found strangled in Belize Sister of slain mother: 'You cannot be silent' GOOD EVENING, FRIENDS: Dave Ward signs off More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Milk from large dairies, including Colorado’s… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Rockies Mailbag Broncos sign Jamaal Charles Civic Center EATS returns Map: Colorado oil and gas wells $13M Denver penthouse Red Rocks concert in 2017 Business Milk from large dairies, including Colorado’s Aurora Organic Dairy, may not be as organic as you think Grazing practices at larger “organic” dairies produce milk that is almost identical to conventional milk in tests of fat types Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Craig F. Walker , The Denver Post Harvester Faith Hernandez works in the milking parlor at Aurora Organic Dairy in Platteville, CO on January 16, 2016. Jorge Ribas, The Washington Post A frame grab from video drone footage over Aurora Organic Dairy in Greeley, Colo. A close look at Aurora and other large operations highlights critical weaknesses in the unorthodox inspection system that the USDA uses to ensure that "organic" food is really organic. Matt McClain, The Washington Post Cows are seen at Tejas Dune, LLC in 2015 Muleshoe, Texas. There were no cows visibly grazing around the dairy when the photo was taken. Matt McClain, The Washington Post. To enforce the organic rules, the USDA allows farmers to hire their own inspectors to certify them as "USDA Organic." Industry defenders say enforcement is robust. Matt McClain, The Washington Post Bobby Prigel, owner of Prigel Family Creamery, lays on a hammock after eating lunch at his home in Glen Arm, Md. Matt McClain, The Washington Post Bobby Prigel, owner of Prigel Family Creamery, rounds up cows for morning milking at Bellevale Farm in May in Glen Arm, Md. Many small dairies have come to rely on the USDA Organic label, investing in the opportunity it represents, believing in its promise. Show Caption of Expand By The Washington Post PUBLISHED: May 2, 2017 at 3:37 pm | UPDATED: May 2, 2017 at 7:25 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Wade Phillips discusses difficult Broncos departure, surprise retirements, his new book, more Wendy Bergen, Denver TV personality and philanthropist, dead at 61 $13M Denver penthouse — atop city’s tallest residential building — on the market for first time Deadly Firestone explosion caused by odorless gas leaking from cut gas flow pipeline Here’s a map of every oil and gas well in the state of Colorado Keillor: Late-night driving, right-hand thinking The High Plains dairy complex reflects the new scale of the U.S. organic industry: it is big. Stretching across miles of pastures and feedlots north of Greeley, Colorado, the complex is home to more than 15,000 cows, making it more than a hundred times the size of a typical organic herd. It is the main facility of Aurora Organic Dairy, a company that produces enough milk to supply the house brands of Walmart, Costco, and other major retailers. “We take great pride in our commitment to organic, and in our ability to meet the rigorous criteria of the USDA organic regulations,” Aurora advertises. But a closer look at Aurora and other large operations highlights critical weaknesses in the unorthodox inspection system that the USDA uses to ensure that “organic” food is really organic. The U.S. organic market now counts more than $40 billion in annual sales, and includes products imported from about 100 countries. To enforce the organic rules across this vast industry, the USDA allows farmers to hire and pay their own inspectors to certify them as “USDA Organic.” Industry defenders say enforcement is robust. But the problems at an entity like Aurora suggests that even large, prominent players can fall short of standards without detection. With milk, the critical issue is grazing. Organic dairies are required to allow the cows to graze daily throughout the growing season – that is, the cows are supposed to be grass-fed, not confined to barns and feed lots. This method is considered more natural and alters the constituents of the cows milk in ways consumers deem beneficial. But during visits by The Washington Post to Aurora’s High Plains complex across nine days last year, signs of grazing were sparse, at best. Aurora said their animals were out on pasture day and night but during most Post visits the number of cows seen on pasture numbered in the hundreds. A high-resolution satellite photo taken in mid-July by Digital Globe, a space imagery vendor, shows a typical situation – only a few hundred on pasture. At no point were there any more than 10 percent of the herd out. Related Articles May 2, 2017 For your new professional look, buy less — but buy better May 2, 2017 Pug Ryan’s Brewing Co. sold to Breckenridge Brewery veteran May 2, 2017 McDonald’s accused of gouging franchisees on $3 billion rent May 2, 2017 Apple can’t ignore Microsoft’s slick, new laptop May 2, 2017 Auto sales tumble; 7-year win streak could come to an end In response, Aurora spokesperson Sonja Tuitele dismissed the Post visits as anomalies and “drive-bys.” The milk produced also provides evidence that Aurora cows do not graze as required by organic rules. Testing conducted for the Post by Virginia Tech scientists shows that on a key indicator of grass-feeding, the Aurora milk matched conventional milk, not organic. Finally, the Post contacted the inspectors who visited Aurora’s High Plains dairy and certified it as “USDA Organic.” Did their inspectors have evidence that the Aurora cows met the grazing requirement? It turns out that they were poorly positioned to know. The inspectors conducted the annual audit well after grazing season – in November. That means that during the annual audit, inspectors would not have seen whether the cows were grazing as required, a breach of USDA inspection policy. “We would expect that inspectors are out there during the grazing season,” said Miles McEvoy, chief of the National Organic Program at USDA. He said that the grazing requirement is “a critical compliance component of an organic livestock operation.” If organic farms violate organic rules, consumers are being misled and overcharged. In the case of milk, consumers pay extra – often double – when the carton says “USDA Organic” in the belief they are getting something different. Organic dairy sales amounted to $6 billion last year in the U.S. The failure to comply with organic standards also harms other farms, many of them small. Following the rules costs extra because grazing requires more land and because cows that dine on grass typically produce less milk. Whether an organic dairy is grazing its herd is relatively easy to see, especially if roads criss-cross their pastures. It is more difficult, however, for outsiders to judge whether a dairy is following other organic rules – such as those regarding hormones and organic feed. Ten years ago, after a complaint from a consumer group, Aurora faced USDA allegations that it breached organic rules regarding grazing and other issues. The USDA charged that Aurora was in “willful violation” of organic standards, but a settlement agreement allowed them to continue to operate. There have been no charges since then. But some small organic dairy farmers say that the new, large organic dairies that have popped up in the Southwest are violating standards. On one-day visits to several large organic operations in Texas and New Mexico, a Post reporter saw similarly empty pastures. It was difficult to determine where their milk winds up on retail shelves, however, and so no chemical tests were pursued. “About half of the organic milk sold in the U.S. is coming from very large factory farms that have no intention of living up to organic principles,” said Mark Kastel of the Cornucopia Institute, a Wisconsin-based nonprofit group representing thousand of organic farmers. “Thousands of small organic farmers across the United States depend on the USDA organic system working. Unfortunately, right now, it’s not working for small farmers, or for consumers.” — The “USDA Organic” seal that appears on food packaging – essentially a USDA guarantee of quality – was created by federal rules in 2000. Until then, convincing customers that a product was “organic” could be a murky proposition – everyone relied on informal definitions of organic and informal measures of trust. The “USDA Organic” seal changed that, standardizing concepts and setting rules. It has proven a boon: Organic food sales rose from about $6 billion annually in 2000 to $40 billion in 2015, according to the Organic Trade Association. The integrity of the new label, however, rested on an unusual system of inspections. Under organic rules, the USDA typically doesn’t inspect farms. Instead, farmers hire their own inspectors from lists of private companies and other organizations licensed by the USDA. An inspector makes an annual visit and it is arranged days or weeks in advance. Only five percent of inspections are expected to be done unannounced. To keep the inspectors honest, the USDA reviews the records of each inspection outfit about every 2 1/2 years. This inspection system saves the USDA money because it doesn’t have to hire many inspectors. The compliance and enforcement team at the USDA National Organic Program has nine people – one for every $4 billion in sales. McEvoy acknowledged that having farmers choose their inspection companies is “fairly unique” within the USDA, but he noted that rising sales show that consumers “trust the organic label.” Others have doubts. Cornucopia publishes its own scorecard of organic dairies because, its officials say, the USDA has failed to weed out the bad. “Consumers look at that cartoon label on organic milk with a happy cow on green pasture with a red barn, but that’s not always the reality,” said Katherine Paul of the Organic Consumers Association. “What we’ve said all along is that organic milks are not created equal, and your results show that.” — Matt McClain, The Washington Post.Bobby Prigel, owner of Prigel Family Creamery, leads cows to a barn for morning milking in Glen Arm, Md. Prigel is a purist and feeds his herd entirely from the pasture, but most organic dairies supplement the pasture with corn, soybeans or other grains, even during the grazing season. At the other end of the scale from Aurora are many small dairies who have come to rely on the USDA Organic label, investing in the opportunity it represents, believing in its promise. Several years ago, for example, Bobby Prigel, a fourth-generation dairyman with a 300-acre spread of rolling pastures and white plank fences in northern Maryland, made the switch. With milk prices declining and feed costs rising, Prigel figured he had to try something different. The herd had been in the barn area for decades, munching feed. One day he shooed them out to pasture. Here’s the funny thing, he said: his cows seemed confused. Though cows are natural grazers – like the wild aurochs they descended from -the grazing instincts of his cows had been dulled. “They didn’t really know how to graze at first – they didn’t know how to bend down and get grass with their tongues,” Prigel said one day during a break on his farm. Nor were they accustomed to walking much. Prigel, meanwhile, had to make economic adjustments. Producing milk according to the “USDA Organic” standard costs more. To begin with, organic cows cannot be given hormones to stimulate milk production. And any feed or pasture for the cows must be organic – that is, grown without most synthetic pesticides. Second, to be considered organic, cows must obtain a certain percentage of their diet from grazing. Prigel is a purist and feeds his herd entirely from the pasture, but most organic dairies supplement the pasture with corn, soybeans or other grains, even during the grazing season. The grazing requirement makes milk more costly to produce because it requires a certain amount of pasture land and because a grazing cow produces less milk than one eating a grain diet optimized for milk production. With grass-fed cows, “there’s just not nearly as much milk,” Prigel said. On the upside, a farmer can sell certified organic milk for almost double the price of conventional, and there are other benefits, too: The milk is measurably different, and according to the USDA, it improves cow health and reduces the environmental impacts of agriculture. Moreover, because grazing is natural cow behavior, some believe it is more humane. “Cows aren’t supposed to stay inside and eat corn,” Prigel said. — The grazing season typically runs from spring until the first frost and to evaluate the Aurora operation, The Post visited the High Plains dairy complex nine days during that period – three in August, three in September and three in October. Roads criss-cross the farm allowing a view of their fields. In addition, in July, a satellite for Digital Globe snapped a high-resolution photo of the area. Each of those ten days, only a very small portion of the 15,000 cow herd was seen on pastures. Many more were seen in feed lots. In response, Aurora officials said that during the grazing season the cows are on pasture both day and night. Maybe, they said, on those days, the cows were elsewhere, being milked or otherwise tended. However, the Post visited at different times of the day, sometimes twice in a day. Because the cows are milked in shifts, thousands of them should be out at any given time, farmers said. Aurora did say that they stopped their grazing season on September 30, so it’s not surprising no cows were seen on the three days in October. It’s unclear why Aurora decided to end their grazing season then, though, because the first frost was not until October 20 in that area, according to weather records. To see whether a lack of grazing was apparent in the milk, the Post turned to Virginia Tech dairy science professor Benjamin Corl, who analyzed eight different milks, some organic, some not, and all bottled during grazing season. He performed the tests without knowing the brand names of the samples. Grass-fed cows tend to produce milk with elevated levels of two types of fat. One of the distinguishing fats is conjugated linoleic acid or CLA, which some regard as the clearest indicator of grass-feeding. The other is an “Omega-3” fat known as alpha-linolenic acid. Both have been associated with health benefits in humans, although the amounts found in milk are relatively small. Another type of fat – linoleic acid, an Omega-6 fat – tends to be sparser in milks that are pasture fed. The results: Prigel’s milk stood out for its grassy origins. It ranked at the top for CLA and was a distant last for linoleic acid. The milk from Snowville Creamery, another brand that boasts of pasture-grazing, ranked second for CLA. “Those two milks stood out like sore thumbs,” said Corl, who “You can tell those animals have been on grass.” At the other extreme were the conventional milks – from 365 and Lucerne. They ranked, as expected, at the bottom for the fats associated with grass feeding and at the top for the fat associated with conventional feeding. Large organic brands – Horizon and Organic Valley – ranked roughly in between the extremes for two of the three measures. As for Aurora’s milk, despite its the “USDA Organic” label, it was very close to conventional milk. On two of the three measures, CLA and linoleic acid, they were pretty much the same as conventional milk. On the third measure, alpha-linolenic acid, Aurora ranked slightly better than the conventional milks, but below the other USDA organic samples. The milk tested by the Post had been processed at Aurora’s Colorado processing plant, according to the number stamped on the bottle. More than 80 percent of the milk that Aurora sells is produced at its own farms; it also purchases milk from other dairies, according to the company. It wasn’t the first time that Aurora milk has tested poorly for signs of grass feeding. In 2008, the Milkweed, a dairy economics report compared Aurora’s milk to other organic milks. Of 10 organic milks ranked for the fats associated with grass feeding, Aurora’s was last. “There has been an obvious failure by USDA to enforce the organic pasture standard,” Pete Hardin, editor and publisher of The Milkweed, said in a recent interview. — Tuitele, the Aurora spokesperson, dismissed the milk tests and declined to comment in depth on them because they were “isolated” and because there are “so many variables that are unknown.” She suggested that Aurora milk may have tested differently, not because of a lack of grazing, but because Colorado pastures may have different plants. But milks from the Rocky Mountain region and those from the Mid-Atlantic vary a little, according to a 2013 study of organic milks published in PlosOne – not enough to explain the gap in the results. Aurora’s inspectors also stood by Aurora’s milk. While most inspectors are private organizations, Aurora hired staff from the Colorado Department of Agriculture, which it pays about $13,000 annually. When asked about the Aurora inspection being done after grazing season, an official with the Colorado Department of Agriculture initially suggested that other audits may have been conducted at High Plains last year. But Tuitele later wrote that the November visit was the only audit of its High Plains complex last year. Aurora and their inspectors have been under scrutiny before. About 10 years ago, the USDA launched an investigation into Aurora’s organic practices. By April 2007, USDA said it identified “willful violations” of organic rules by the dairy. Aurora had, among other things, for three years “failed to provide a total feed ration that included pasture.” The USDA proposed to revoke Aurora’s organic status. It also also proposed to suspend the Colorado Department of Agriculture from certifying organic livestock “due to the nature and extent of these violations.” Four months later, though, the case was resolved. Aurora pledged to make improvements and was allowed to continue operating. It issued a press release saying that the USDA had “dismissed the complaints…following an extensive review” – a finding contrary to the view at USDA, which issued a press release saying “the complaint was not dismissed.” It noted that the consent agreement called for Aurora to “make major changes.” For its part, the Colorado Department of Agriculture agreed “to make several changes in its operation,” including hiring more personnel and staff training, according to a USDA press release. Aurora also settled a related class action lawsuit for $7.5 million in 2012, and said it did not admit wrongdoing. Since then, Aurora, already gargantuan, has continued to grow. In recent months it has been considering an expansion in Columbia, Mo., that may rely on milk from as many as 30,000 cows, according to local media coverage. The growth of mega-dairies that skimp on grazing and produce cheap milk appears to be crushing many small dairies, some analysts said. “The mom and pop – the smaller traditional family dairies – who are following the pasture rules are seeing their prices erode,” said Hardin, The Milkweed editor. “It is creating a heck of a mess.” Will Costello contributed to this report. Tags:  Colorado Department of Agriculture food More Business News science U.S. Department of Agriculture Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business Colorado orders thousands of wells, miles of pipelines inspected after Firestone explosion May 02, 2017, 9:44 pm Gov. John Hickenlooper ordered oil and gas operators throughout Colorado to inspect thousands of wells and miles of associated pipelines to prevent a repeat of a fatal home explosion in Firestone . For your new professional look, buy less — but buy better May 02, 2017, 6:04 pm Congratulations on your graduation. Your professional life awaits. That includes impressing a new boss, controlling your own impatient ambition and learning that networking is an art, not a contact sport. And that what you wear matters. The Gathering Spot in Wheat Ridge: Business Q&A May 02, 2017, 5:44 pm When sisters Kelly Russell and Layne Nickel made the decision to be stay-at-home moms, they also decided to make a business out of it — The Gathering Spot in Wheat Ridge. Business Q&A: Volcano Asian Cuisine, Greenwood Village May 02, 2017, 5:09 pm Contrary to popular belief, Volcano Asian Cuisine is not closed — it’s just relocated. The restaurant has also expanded their menu since moving. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
× Like what you're reading? Never miss a thing with the HuffPost Canada Business newsletter!   Sign me up for the Daily Brief, too. Newsletter may include personalized content. Learn more. View mobile site Canada Business Edition: ca Show/Hide عربي (Arabic) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Region: ALL Show/Hide All Canada Alberta British Columbia Québec (en français) Follow Newsletters Get Canada BusinessNewsletters Email address Enter Email Address iOS app Android app More Desktop Alerts $USERNAME Desktop Notifications Profile Settings Logout FRONT PAGE Politics Don Meredith's Former Staff Want Inquiry Released Despite Expulsion Recommendation 0 Harjit Sajjan Skips Veterans Fundraiser Amid Operation Medusa Controversy 14 Repeal Key C-51 Measures, Public Safety Committee Urges Liberals 2 N.S. Liberal Leader Stephen McNeil 'Devalued' Female Candidates, Tory Rival Says 0 Go to Politics More in Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Salute Politics Videos You Might Also Like US Politics UK Politics Business Google Wi-Fi Launches In Canada 0 The 10 Best Jobs In Canada For 2017 Aren't All In Tech 0 'Secret' TPP Trade Meetings Being Held In Toronto This Week 0 Trump Who? EDC Doubles Canada's Export Growth Forecast 0 EU Trade Deal Will Make Average Canadian $220 Richer: PBO 11 Go to Business More in Business Working Poor Joint Venture Sunny Freeman Business Videos You Might Also Like Tech TechCrunch WorldPost Emmanuel Macron And Marine Le Pen Win First Round Of France’s Presidential Election 0 Activist Kuki Gallmann Shot At Her Kenyan Ranch 0 France's Political Parties Are Banding Together To Stop Le Pen 0 North Korea, With Characteristic Bluster, Threatens To Sink U.S. Aircraft Carrier 0 Lebanese Activists Protest 'Stone Age' Rape Law With Haunting Public Art Piece 0 Go to WorldPost More in WorldPost Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis You Might Also Like Travel Impact Parents DaddyOFive YouTube Channel Creator Temporarily Loses Custody Of Children 0 Met Gala 2017: Celebrity Offspring Then And Now 0 Princess Charlotte's Birthday Makes For A Doubly Royal Celebration 0 Jimmy Kimmel Tearfully Recounts Newborn Son's Heart Surgery 0 These Behind-The-Scenes Pics Of Moms' Lives Are Almost Too Real 2 Go to Parents More in Parents Apparently Parents Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Weddings Living How To Build Confidence At Work By Stepping Outside Of Your Comfort Zone 0 'Come From Away,' Musical Set In Newfoundland, Nominated For 7 Tony Awards 0 Priyanka Chopra On Why Calling Women Of Colour 'Exotic' Is Offensive 5 5 Ways To Manage And Prevent Asthma 0 Sarah Paulson's Expression When She Sees Madonna At The Met Gala Is Priceless 0 Go to Living More in Living 2 Minutes To Transform Apparently I'm Sold Canada Say it. Make it. Eat it. Like A Tourist Living Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Style Talli Osborne Gives Us The Ultimate Lesson In Embracing Inner And Outer Beauty 0 2017 Met Gala: The 10 Best Beauty Looks From The Red Carpet 0 Zendaya's 'Fro At The Met Gala Gave Us All A Little Hair Envy 1 Gluten-Free Makeup: 7 Brands Hot On The Trend 0 Go to Style More in Style Style Videos Beauty Fashion Celeb Style Wedding Style Best And Worst Dressed Skincare You Might Also Like Style (U.S.) Weddings Entertainment Fyre Festival Organizers Hit With $100 Million Lawsuit 0 Ryan Seacrest Officially Joins Kelly Ripa As Co-Host Of 'Live' 0 Tom Hanks Got 'Screwed' During 'Secret' Vacation With The Obamas 0 Katy Perry's Comment About 'Old Black Hair' And Barack Obama Causes A Stir 0 Francis Ford Coppola Says 'The Godfather' Wouldn't Get Made Today 0 Go to Entertainment You Might Also Like Music Celebrity TV Moviefone Arts J.K. Rowling Finally Apologized For Killing Off Severus Snape 0 Here Are The 2017 Tony Award Nominations 0 This Is Rei Kawakubo, The Designer Breaking Down Binaries At The Met 0 New Font Is Dedicated To The Queer Activist Behind The Rainbow Flag 0 Bernie Sanders Is Writing A Book For Progressive Teens 0 Go to Arts You Might Also Like Books Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Religion Alberta Edmonton Humane Society Puppies Destroy Beautiful Smash Cake 0 Go to Alberta More in Alberta Alberta Politics Alberta Business Rachel Notley Calgary Edmonton BC B.C. Voters Stand With Frustrated Woman Who Told Off Christy Clark 0 Vancouver Home Sales Tank 26%, So Of Course Prices Spike 0 Go to BC More in BC B.C. Politics B.C. Business B.C. Good News B.C. RCMP Vancouver Vancouver Housing You Might Also Like B.C.Videos All Sections News Canada Politics Canada Business US Politics US Business World Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Daily Finance Entertainment Entertainment Music TV Celebrity Comedy Arts Books Moviefone Life & Style Living Style Home Healthy Living Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce HuffPost 50 OWN Quiet Revolution Tech & Science Tech Science Green Techcrunch Engadget TUAW Joystiq Voices Impact Women Black Voices Latino Voices Queer Voices Religion College Teen Outspeak Local Quebec (French) Calgary Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Mapquest Patch.com Our Mobile Apps: iPhone iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Business Working Poor Joint Venture The Home Stretch Business Videos B.C. Voters Stand With Frustrated Woman Who Told Off Christy Clark Walrus Makes A Rare Visit To Newfoundland's Northern Coast Opera-Singing Uber Driver In Toronto Deserves A 5-Star Rating Despite Possible Expulsion, Senator's Ex-Staff Say Harassment Report Still Needed Rugby Players Are No Match For Stubborn Canada Goose Police Photo Sums Up Why You Can't Assume Your Drugs Are Safe Murdered Ontario Cab Driver Had A Big Heart: Friends Ontario Father Guilty Of Sex Assault Claimed He Was Just 'Touchy Feely' Sajjan Skips Veterans Fundraiser Amid Controversy Talli Osborne Threw Away Her Prosthetic Limbs And Started To Feel Beautiful YouTube Star Loses Custody Of Kids Over Controversial Videos Vancouver Home Sales Tank 26%, So Of Course Prices Spike These Are The Secrets To Building Confidence At Work This Is What Happens When You Give Puppies A Smash Cake Previous Story Next Story Google Wi-Fi Launches In Canada HuffPost Canada  |  By Sarah Rieger Email Posted: 05/02/2017 3:47 pm EDT Updated: 05/02/2017 3:47 pm EDT Share Tweet 0 Email Comment tumblr stumble reddit ADVERTISEMENT Google's mesh Wi-Fi system has launched in Canada. Google announced Friday that it will be available for $179 for one router, or $439 for three from the Google Store, Best Buy, Staples and Walmart. Mesh Wi-Fi is a modular system that's meant to put an end to those pesky dead spots that can crop up around a home. Instead of a traditional, single router, mesh systems like Google WiFi place a few connections around the home. The points work together to make sure all areas are covered, bypassing doors and thick walls, and to ensure multiple devices in different rooms all are connected to a strong signal. It can be a big boost from using a router with an extender, which can degrade speed. Plus, it's designed to be more attractive than most routers, meaning it can be left out rather than tucked away in a closet (which definitely doesn't help boost the signal). Currently only two of Google's three major competitors for mesh Wi-Fi — NetGear's Orbi and Linksys' Velop— are available in Canada, according to AndroidCentral. (Its biggest challenger, Eero, is only available in the U.S.). A single Velop unit is $249, and a two-pack Orbi is $499. Google says one router will cover a small home or apartment up to 1,500 sq. ft., and three will cover as much as 4,500. The product runs on an app that lets you pause Wi-Fi on devices (for example, turning off kids' phones during dinner); prioritize a device to make sure it's running at the the highest speed; create a separate network for guests; and connect to smart-home devices. It also uses machine learning, meaning it can realize when devices need to be switched to different wireless bands to make sure coverage is always strong. Additionally, the app was built entirely by a Google team in Waterloo, Ont. “We’ve been working here on it for about three years now, maybe longer. Waterloo was in from the ground floor,” senior software engineer Melissa Dominguez told The Financial Post. There is one downside to the product. Some users have taken to Google's forum to report connectivity issues, which seem to only be fixed for some customers with a hard reset or by disconnecting and reconnecting all devices. Google has been aware of the problem since March, but still has yet to release a fix, according to 9to5Google. Follow The Huffington Post Canada on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Also on HuffPost: Close  WIFI Revealed of   Wi-Fi waves travel through space as rapid, data encoded pulses or waves. A freeze frame of these pulses would show that the pulses are about 6 inches apart (as shown by the lightly coloured bands traveling through space in this image). Wi-Fi routers or antenna can be attached to trees, buildings, lamp posts and other structures. A typical outdoor router can project its signal 300 feet or more from its location. Objects such as trees can obstruct the signal such that it has to be augmented by multiple Wi-Fi routers placed in different positions. Multiple routers can create a field that extends all the way across Washington DC's National Mall as shown here. This image shows data instantaneously transmitted over different frequencies from a Wi-Fi antenna as blue, indigo and yellow fields. Multiple routers can create a field that extends all the way across Washington DC's National Mall as shown here. This image shows data instantaneously transmitted over different frequencies from a Wi-Fi antenna as blue, indigo and yellow fields. Multiple routers can create a field that extends all the way across Washington DC's National Mall as shown here. This image shows data instantaneously transmitted over different frequencies from a Wi-Fi antenna as blue, indigo and yellow fields.  Share  Tweet  ✖ Advertisement Share this ✖ close Current Slide More: business video Google wifi google wifi canada google wifi cost google mesh wifi mesh wifi canada mesh wifi system google products canada Google Canada video Suggest a correction   Click here to view Conversations Conversations Suggested For You FOLLOW HUFFPOST Email Email Address Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent Options HuffPost Daily Brief Business Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. Facebook HuffPost Business Twitter HuffPost Follow Business Follow Google Plus HuffPost Business RSS The Huffington Post Business All RSS / Feeds Phone Available on the App Store Android App on Google Play Get it at Blackberry App World advertise make HuffPost your home page RSS careers FAQ user agreement privacy policy comment policy about us about our ads contact us Archive Copyright ©2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 2017© Part of HuffPost Business Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Notify message * Required * * * What kind of error is this? Choose an option Factual or typographical Comment moderation problem Rights and permissions Other * What is the correction? 0 count Describe the error here (1,000 character limit) * Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief Thanks for your report!
Wednesday, May. 3, 2017 About Advertise Sponsors View Sponsors Weekly Deals Contact Home News & Views City Council Recaps Brewery News Restaurant News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Movie Reviews Giveaways Sports Sections All News Restaurant News Beer News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Sports Calendar Public Meetings Movie Listings Fiesta Square Razorback Cinema Weekly Deals Giveaway: Win tickets to see Travis Scott, May 13 at the AMP By Dustin Bartholomew ·   May 2, 2017  Travis Scott / Courtesy photo Who wants to win some tickets to the Travis Scott show at the Walmart AMP? If you said “Me” just now, you’ve come to the right place, buddy. We’ve got a pair to give away. The show is set for Saturday, May 13, and will feature Scott, along with special guest Khalid. For those who aren’t familiar, Scott has produced and co-produced tracks with Kanye West, Rihanna and Drake, and has appeared on tracks by Jay-Z, Justin Bieber, Wiz Khalifa, The Weeknd and Meek Mill. He released a pair of mixtapes in the two years before his 2015 studio album Rodeo debuted at No. 3 on the Billboard 200. His 2016 followup Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight debuted at No. 1. Tickets are on sale now, and start at $25 plus fees. You won’t need to worry about that, though, if you’re the winner of the following giveaway. Good luck. How to enter With all the announcements recently, the lineup for the AMP’s 2017 season is probably pretty close to being complete. The question is, what’s missing? What’s that one artist that would make this lineup complete? In other words, who do you wish was playing at the AMP this year? Leave a comment and let us know, and you’re entered. What you’ll win One (1) winner chosen at random will win two (2) tickets to see Travis Scott May 13 at Walton Arts Center. A few rules (read ‘em carefully): You may only enter this specific contest once. This contest is open to anyone anywhere except Fayetteville Flyer writers, Walton Arts Center employees, Walmart AMP employees, and their immediate family members. Contest is open until noon on Thursday, May 2 Make sure you leave a valid email address when filling out the comment form since that’s how we’ll contact you if you’ve won. Once we notify the winner, you’ll have 24 hours to respond via email to claim your prize. You’ll have to provide us with your first and last name (if you win) and then be prepared to show a valid photo ID when picking up your tickets. Thanks to the Walton Arts Center for sponsoring this contest. For more information about this performance or to purchase tickets, visit waltonartscenter.com.   Discussion Fayetteville Flyer has specific guidelines for commenting. To avoid having your comment deleted -- or your commenting privileges revoked -- read our Comment Policy before you comment. Violators will be banned from commenting. Report a comment that violates the guidelines to contact@fayettevilleflyer.com. Commenters on the Flyer are responsible for all legal consequences arising from their comments, including libel, infringement of copyright or actions that threaten a third party. By submitting a comment, you agree to indemnify Wonderstate Media LLC, its partners and employees from any legal action arising from your comments. @fayflyer     » See all sponsor deals & specials Advertisements Get Email News Updates Receive an email with headlines for all the day’s stories on the Flyer. » Click to sign up Advertisements     LOCAL INFO   Deals & More Fire/Police Dispatch Logs Detention Intake Report   » See all ADVERTISEMENTS Flyer Sponsors » See all sponsors Sponsor Tweets Tweets from @fayflyer/flyer-sponsors Become a sponsor The Flyer focuses on free news that's specific to Fayetteville. Because of that, our readers are local, and they're loyal to the businesses that support their daily source of information. Let us help your company deliver its message to our ever-growing audience. To talk about becoming a sponsor, call 479-387-1002 or email us. About Legal Advertise Sponsors Contact © 2007-2017 Wonderstate Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
MPW Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 3 ChinaChina Has Tightened Its Grip on Online News With Sweeping New Controls HIVDoctors Discuss What it Will Take to Rid the World of AIDS genomicsHow Scientists Think CRISPR Will Change Medicine Jenny Fleiss, co-founder and head of business development, Rent the Runway, at the Iconic Conference in Washington, D.C on November 11, 2015. CNBC NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images Most Powerful Women Why the Co-Founder of Rent the Runway Left Her Own Company to Join Walmart Valentina Zarya May 02, 2017 Jennifer Fleiss just went from running her own company to joining the world's largest company. Fleiss, a co-founder of clothing rental service Rent the Runway, will oversee Code Eight, the first portfolio company in Walmart Stores' (wmt) newly launched incubator, Store No. 8. While the move may seem at surprising at first glance, Fleiss says the timing of the opportunity, announced last week, could not have been more perfect. "Rent the Runway was my first child. I had a deep emotional connection to the business, always have," she tells Fortune. "But I was at a place where I was ready to do the next thing." Once the company she founded has reached profitability, she felt free to move on, she says. Subscribe to the Broadsheet, Fortune’s newsletter for and about powerful women. Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s e-commerce operations and the mastermind behind Store No. 8, reached out to Fleiss personally about the role, she says. "At that point, I was already ready to go back to earlier stages." Fleiss officially stepped down after nine years at Rent the Runway—where she remains on the board—at the end of March and began her new role at Code Eight a week later. The startup is currently in its sixth week of operations. "There’s a type of energy and pace that comes with startups. I enjoy wearing multiple hats. I am my best self when I’m moving at a fast pace and doing a lot of different things," Fleiss says. Her favorite time at Rent the Runway was its third and fourth years, partly thanks to the birth of her first daughter during her third year there. "Having kids gives you a greater perspective of life and the world. An issue feels less life-critical, and y ou’re able to prioritize a little more effectively," she says. Fleiss gave birth to her third child in September, something she said never came up in her discussions with Lore or the rest of the Walmart team. "It's incredibly refreshing," she notes. Code Eight is still in stealth mode, but Fleiss did tell Fortune a few things about the brand-new company: It will have six employees as of next week. Its headquarters are in New York City. The idea behind it is to " make shopping magical and delightful." The main product is a mobile, app-based experience. It utilizes artificial intelligence and machine learning. It's not a fashion company. It will offer a "premium" experience not targeted to Walmart's regular customers. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
GoSearch Replay: News at 11 News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 68° 68° Low 58° High 80° Wed 54° 75° Thu 65° 70° Fri 55° 76° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Portsmouth Police looking for good Samaritan who protected officer in assault Posted 4:31 pm, May 2, 2017, by Allison Mechanic, Updated at 06:38PM, May 2, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video PORTSMOUTH, Va. - An arrest inside of a Portsmouth Walmart took a violent turn when police say a suspect lashed out at an officer. Portsmouth Police say Clinton Pickens was wanted for several area burglaries when an officer noticed him inside the store last week. When the officer went to confront Pickens, police say they began struggling. While the officer was down, two good Samaritans came to the officer's aid. "It is a serious injury possibly adverted because those two individuals stepped in," explained Misty Holley with the Portsmouth Police Department. According to police, the two strangers were able to get Pickens off of the officer, allowing him to be taken into custody. "With that we were able to solve five different burglaries that occurred to our businesses," explained Holley. After the arrest, police say the two men left the scene. Police were able to locate one of the men, Roger Brown Jr., an active duty member of the Coast Guard. However, so far, police haven't been able to find the other man who assisted the officer. "We did find one and we did make contact with them he has contacted us and we have spoke with him on the phone but we are still missing that second person," said Holley. "We want to give kudos to both of them, we want to say thank you." If you know who the good Samaritans are Portsmouth Police want to hear from you. You can contact Misty Holley at 757-718-9031. Filed in: News Topics: portsmouth Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email The News 3 App Center Get the latest news and live radar on your phone! Popular Woman and toddler injured in Norfolk shooting Thousands sign online petition to stop Virginia Beach College Beach Weekend Four people injured in shooting at Virginia Beach Oceanfront Man killed after being accidentally shot in the face in Chesapeake Latest News Think with Wink: Foul ball in Boston Alton Sterling shooting death: Reports suggest no federal charges Behind the scenes with Joel Osteen Man taken to hospital in ‘severe condition’ after Virginia Beach shooting News Citizens help Portsmouth Police arrest suspect assaulting officer News Only on 3: Portsmouth mom charged in AMBER Alert scare speaks from jail News Newport News Police say man took hostages before officer killed him News Police investigate break-in at Portsmouth Sheriff’s home, 2-year-old playing with gun led to arrest News Teens credited with helping save former federal judge News Gunshot victim dies in the hospital, investigators call in homicide unit News Bar patron shot during attempted robbery at Portsmouth tavern News Open carry stunt at Michigan police department backfires News Man dies in officer-involved shooting inside Newport News cafe News Police memo: 578 calls for service, 26 arrests during College Beach Weekend News Case continued for Portsmouth mother charged with wrapping baby in plastic bag News How the LAPD has changed 25 years after the riots News Portsmouth child abduction suspect turns herself in Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher station operated by Tribune Broadcasting • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Interview A JPMorgan Value Fund Embraces Growth Lead Manager Jonathan Simon likes Best Buy amd Dish Network rather than Apple and Tesla. By Lawrence C. Strauss Biography March 6, 2015 10:14 p.m. ET With stock valuations stretched, many value managers are shifting their portfolios at the margin, sometimes buying companies with more of a growth bent. For Jonathan Simon, the longtime lead manager of the $10.5 billion JPMorgan Value Advantage fund (ticker: JVAAX), it has meant purchasing more smaller-cap stocks, though he still holds plenty of large-cap names. Simon, 56, pays a lot of attention to cash flow—in particular, how effectively top executives allocate it. The fund is in the top 20% of Morningstar’s large-cap value category, based on one-year total returns, with a gain of 12.55%, and it ranks in the top... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. AMD Investors Should Keep Faith Amid Carnage Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Why a T-Mobile Deal Could Happen Soon Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Facebook: Things to Know Ahead of Earnings 2 How to Pick a Financial Advisor 3 Corporate Tax Cut: A Win for Shoppers Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Local Vinik-Cascade partnership floats idea of more tax money for bigger project US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Legislature can't agree how to spend $83 billion, so session goes to overtime Compromise yields gift for the Everglades: 78 billion gallons of cleaner water St. Petersburg voters overwhelmingly bless Tampa Bay Rowdies' bid to join Major League Soccer 'The public won' — Florida House rejects letting local officials meet secretly All Eyes photo gallery: Service animals remembered at police dog memorial News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana Airlines With United CEO Munoz on the hot seat, lawmakers tell airlines: Improve or we'll step in Top News Legislature can't agree how to spend $83 billion, so session goes to overtime Compromise yields gift for the Everglades: 78 billion gallons of cleaner water 'The public won' — Florida House rejects letting local officials meet secretly No dice: Gambling deal falls apart over House and Senate differences With United CEO Munoz on the hot seat, lawmakers tell airlines: Improve or we'll step in Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More Local Government St. Petersburg voters overwhelmingly bless Tampa Bay Rowdies' bid to join Major League Soccer Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News Alex Cobb pitches six shutout innings as Rays beat Marlins (w/video) 'The best player I ever saw' returns to the Trop Wednesday USF football player LaDarrius Jackson arrested on sexual battery charge Buccaneers got their running back in Jeremy McNichols. Will he be good? Slumping Kevin Kiermaier finds way to contribute as Rays beat Marlins (w/video) Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Movies Every summer movie you need to know about (w/trailers) Top News Where to celebrate Cinco de Mayo in style this weekend Everyday Entertaining: Make rhubarb scones to stock away for a springtime brunch Summer Movie Preview: It's all about females with 'Wonder Woman,' 'Snatched,' 'Atomic Blonde' and more (w/trailers) These people stood in old-fashioned lines to get Paul McCartney tickets Review: Freefall's 'End of the Rainbow' delivers a sensational, bittersweet look at Judy Garland Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: A rare victory for open government Top Opinion Editorial: A rare victory for open government Editorial: Trump's speech, overtures to rogue leaders disquieting Column: See Israel as a beacon for all of the Mideast Adam Goodman: Trump works with China to isolate North Korea Column: In defense of Bret Stephens Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News Unicorn out, Midnight Mint Mocha in as Starbucks readies for Frappuccino Happy Hour promotion 5 great photos from Tampa Bay Times readers: Vote for the one you like best TV writers strike narrowly avoided with last-minute deal Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Mini doughnut experience coming to Tampa Arielle Waldman, Times Staff Writer Link View all Articles ARIELLE WALDMANTampa Bay Times Tuesday, May 2, 2017 3:31pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Mini Donut Mill is aiming for a May opening on Kennedy Blvd. Photo courtesy of Stephen Schab. In August 2016, Stephen and Katie Schab ordered a deep fryer through Amazon. Related News/Archive Landline phones experience problems around Tampa Bay area 7 Months Ago When it comes to home prices, Tampa Bay's cities are a bargain, study finds 8 Months Ago Tampa Bay is enjoying a hotel boom. Could a five-star be coming? 3 Weeks Ago When it arrived, the husband-and-wife duo drove to Walmart and filled their basket with flour, sugar, yeast, oil and baking powder. Upon returning home, they walked straight to the kitchen and made what would be the first of many mini doughnuts. "We came across the mini doughnut concept last summer, just looking online and fell in love with the idea," Stephen said. "We then looked at partnering with people or franchisers, but nothing struck us as exactly what we wanted, from an experience stand point. We decided if we can't find what we're looking for, we'll have to do it ourselves." In May, the "sweeties" will take what they learned from that summer spent test-cooking in their kitchen and open the Mini Donut Mill at 4048 W Kennedy Blvd. in South Tampa. "We're very focused on customer experience, from families who want to come in and hang out and watch everything be made, to the business folks who want to be in and out quickly," Stephen said. That experience includes made-to-order doughnuts, where customers can go right up to the glass and watch them slide off the conveyor belt. "They're spitting out two feet from you in a wide open kitchen," Stephen said. "My wife is a donut artist coming up with concoctions like the Cinnamon Toast Crunch flavor, maple bacon, Butterfinger, Nutella and PB and J." The Schabs chose mini doughnuts because they think "it's an improvement on the doughnut, not just a trendy thing." "I'm classic for going to the Dunkin' Donuts box at work and cutting them up. You just want a little bit of all of them," Stephen said. In the middle of the 2,000-square-foot building will be a coffee house serving Buddy Brew Coffee. "We partnered with Buddy Brew Coffee, and they've got these coffee classes we've been taking," Stephen said. "You learned who picked the coffee beans and taste bitter coffee, sour and sweet to figure out the timing, dosage, etc." Though there is no grand-opening date set, they could open in as early as two weeks. Right now, customers can sign up for six free mini donuts or purchase a half off gift card by visiting minidonutmill.com. SHARE YOUR NEWS: If you have an item for Everybody's Business, contact Arielle Waldman at Awaldman@tampabay.com. Mini doughnut experience coming to Tampa 05/02/17 [Last modified: Tuesday, May 2, 2017 8:44pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Today's top stats MORE Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Chicopee police investigating stalking after man follows woman through Walmart, posts pictures online AE ENTERPRISE.JPG The Wal Mart store in Chicopee. (The Republican file photo) Print Email Jeanette DeForge | jdeforge@repub.com By Jeanette DeForge | jdeforge@repub.com The Republican Follow on Twitter on May 02, 2017 at 3:46 PM, updated May 02, 2017 at 4:25 PM comments CHICOPEE - Police are investigating a case of cyberstalking after a man followed a woman through the Walmart, secretly photographed her and then posted pictures and lewd comments about her on Craigslist. Michael Wilk, public information officer for Chicopee Police Department, said he initially received messages from residents who had seen the postings and were concerned about them. Later in the day the woman contacted police herself after she was told about the postings by friends. The man posted 10 different pictures of the victim walking through the store, located on Memorial Drive, Wilk confirmed. Calling her the "Chicopee Walmart Goddess" one of the posts seen on Craiglist begins, "As I walked in you walked in front of me and I thank you for that." He also makes a comment about her bending over in the "bread isle." The posts have since been removed by Craigslist. Officials at the company did not respond to calls for comment. Police have identified a suspect and he is not believed to have known the victim. The investigation is ongoing and Walmart security officials are assisting police, Wilk said. MASSLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter MassLive on YouTube Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for custom notifications Sign up for custom traffic text alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home Weather 83° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Valley Arizona Politics Watchdog Call 12 For Action Money Sunday Square Off More Local Close Arizona woman finds note from 'Chinese prisoner' in Walmart purse A woman finds a note from a 'Chinese prisoner' in a zipper compartment from a purse she purchased at Walmart. Aalia Shaheed, KVOA , KPNX 3:00 PM. MST May 02, 2017 A woman in Sierra Vista found this note from a "Chinese prisoner" in a purse purchased from her local Walmart. (Photo: Laura Wallace via KVOA) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST A Sierra Vista woman says a note from a "Chinese prisoner" ended up inside a purse at her local Walmart. Laura Wallace’s mother-in-law purchased a purse from the store using a gift card she’d given her. She later found a tiny folded up note inside a zipper compartment. The note was written in Chinese. Wallace had it translated. “It actually stated that the person who wrote that was a prisoner in China,” she said. “Basically what their situation was and how they work long hours, 14 hours a day. And they don't have a lot to eat.” To be sure, the note was translated by two more Chinese-speaking people. All came up with a similar translation. “I'm very sure that that's exactly what the note says,” said Wallace. Similar letters have been traced back to stores like Saks Fifth Avenue and K-Mart over the years. In one case, the writer was tracked down in China. Wallace said she’s sharing to see if something similar can happen here. “I don't have the means or the access to help in any way. So I think this was my way of putting in my two cents,” she said. “I don’t want this to be an attack on any store... That's not the answer. This is happening at all kinds of places and people just probably don't know.” A Walmart spokesperson issued the following response to News 4 Tucson: “We can’t comment specifically on this note, because we have no way to verify the origin of the letter, but one of our requirements for the suppliers who supply products for sale at Walmart is all work should be voluntary as indicated in our Standards for Suppliers.” A full translation of the letter, as provided to Wallace, reads: “Inmates in the Yingshan Prison in Guangxi, China are working 14 hours daily with no break/rest at noon, continue working overtime until 12 midnight, and whoever doesn't finish his work will be beaten. Their meals are without oil and salt. Every month, the boss pays the inmate 2000 yuan, any additional dishes will be finished by the police. If the inmates are sick and need medicine, the cost will be deducted from the salary. Prison in China is unlike prison in America, horse cow goat pig dog (literally, means inhumane treatment)." © 2017 KPNX-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Jimmy John's customer appreciation day 2016 Local radio host says American Airlines employee racially profiled him Which little town in Arizona was voted the best in the southwest? KPNX Breaking News 1 Lifestyles of the Rich and Fabulous Two fatal car crashes on I-17 Monday morning No lump, no tumor, the breast cancer disguised as a skin rash Mistrial declared in case against Steven Jones in NAU shooting trial Raw, unedited: Incredible rescue of infant, 2-year-old nearly killed in the Texas storms Sierra Vista woman finds note from a 'Chinese prisoner' in Walmart purse More Stories Small child, adult found dead in Mesa apartment fire May. 2, 2017, 10:07 p.m. Judge declares mistrial in NAU shooter Steven Jones'… May. 2, 2017, 4:11 p.m. Phoenix radio host says American Airlines reps… May. 2, 2017, 10:22 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Health Detail Weather Alerts Closings & Delays Location Search Conditions More... Radars Skycams Talking Weather Weather Kid Monsoon Daily Forecast E-mails More Weather Local Valley Arizona Politics National Politics Watchdog Call 12 For Action More... Money Sunday Square Off More Local Charlie Foxtrot Marijuana Side Effects Spanish Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Arizona's Most Wanted Nation Now Traffic Gas Buddy Sports High School Sports Friday Night Fever NFL & Cardinals Olympics NBA & Suns MLB & Diamondbacks More... College & ASU NHL & Coyotes More Sports NCAA Basketball Tournament Super Bowl Features Community Contests Arizona Midday Wednesday's Child Blogs 12 Who Care More... Health Check 12 Real Men Wear Gowns AZ Healthy Skin Recipes The Pull List Magnify Money Dollars & Sense More Features Oscars Arizona Revealed Entertainment All-Star Kids Arizona Highways TV TD Jakes Dark Skies Over Arizona Your Voice Great Arizona Stories Instagram Turkey Tuesday Ways to Save Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Grammys Ask the Expert About Meet The Team Join Our Team Contact 12 News Advertise with Us TV Listings NBC Shows More... Connect With Us Closed Captioning Procedures Terms Privacy RSS Justice Network FAQ Call For Action Ad Choices Community Rules FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Newsletters More About Whats On NBC Survey Text Alerts © 2017 KPNX-TV Services Advertise With Us 12News Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Phoenix Career Builder Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
null
57° Mostly Cloudy Now Streaming Lars Larson Home Shows WBAL News Now with Bryan Nehman Weekdays, 5am - 9am The C4 Show Weekdays, 9am - 1pm The Derek Hunter Show Weekdays, 1pm - 3pm WBAL News Now with Bill and Stacy Weekdays, 3pm - 6:30pm The Brett Hollander Show Weeknights, 7pm - 10pm The Jimmy Mathis Show Saturdays, 7am - 10am Brian Kroneberger Financial Hour Saturdays, 10am - 11am Maryland's News This Week Sundays, 10am - 11am Broadcast Schedule Podcasts Listen Live News Local Audio/Video National/World Politics Trump's First 100 Days Session 2017 State of Addiction ABC News Business Health Tech Entertainment News Blogs RSS Weather Forecast Hourly Local Map Beach Weather & Traffic Traffic Baltimore Traffic Conditions Beach Weather & Traffic Sports NFL / Ravens MLB / Orioles College Hoops Auto Racing Horse Racing Navy Football Golf College Football Other Sports Ravens Ravens News NFL News Programs Ravens Schedule Orioles Orioles News MLB News Cal 2131 Anniversary Commentary C4 Commentary Derek Hunter Commentary Jonathan Murray Josh Spiegel Commentary Video 1090AM Video WBAL TV Info About WBAL Staff Contact Us Advertise with WBAL Kids Campaign Employment Events Internship Contest Rules Public File Apps Penn. Man Charged With Exposing Himself To Child At Store Print Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Saliqa A. Khan, WBAL-TV 11 Credit: Anne Arundel County Police Department Brian Keith Floyd A 46-year-old Pennsylvania man has been charged with exposing himself to a child at a Glen Burnie store, authorities said. Officers were called at 5:44 p.m. Sunday on a report of an indecent exposure at the Walmart at 6721 Chesapeake Center Drive. A 9-year-old girl and her mother told police that they were at Walmart when the child saw a man expose his genitals to her in the store. Officers stopped a man matching the description of the suspect as he was leaving the store. Brian Keith Floyd, 46, of Hanover, Pennsylvania, was arrested and charged with indecent exposure. Anyone with information about the incident is asked to call the Northern District Detective Unit at 410-222-6135. Article is invalid or is no longer published. Sponsors Other Stories Chesapeake Bay Program Funding Preserved In Budget Deal Ex-Pastor Pleads Guilty To Stealing Funds From Leonardtown Church ATF Lends City Mobile Gun-Tracing Lab Fired Officer Pleads Guilty In Killing Of Black Motorist Former Allegany Co. Paramedic Charged With Stealing Fentanyl Top WBAL Radio is Maryland’s leading source for news, weather, sports and stimulating discussions. About WBAL Radio Employment Advertise With WBAL.COM Contest Rules RSS Feeds EEO Public File Report Public File Privacy Policy Follow us on: © 2017 Hearst Stations, Inc. AP Material © 2017 The Associated Press
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 51° Mostly clear High: 60° | Low: 46° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Lost: A special report Schools & Education Community News The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump Business More in Business Business Breakfast On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Society Notebook Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku MaineToday.com Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted Yesterday at 1:37 PM Updated at 12:06 AM increase font size Review of big dairies raises doubts that some ‘organic’ milk is the real thing An unorthodox inspection system appears to allow farms to fall short of organic standards without being detected. By Peter WhoriskeyThe Washington post Share Comment Read Article The High Plains dairy complex reflects the new scale of the U.S. organic industry: It is big. Stretching across miles of pastures and feedlots north of Greeley, Colorado, the complex is home to more than 15,000 cows, making it more than a hundred times the size of a typical organic herd. It is the main facility of Aurora Organic Dairy, a company that produces enough milk to supply the house brands of Wal-Mart, Costco and other major retailers. Bobby Prigel, owner of Prigel Family Creamery, leads cows to a barn in Glen Arm, Md. Organic dairies are required to allow cows to graze daily in the growing season, which Prigel does religiously but some large dairies may not. Matt McClain/The Washington Post Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → “We take great pride in our commitment to organic, and in our ability to meet the rigorous criteria of the USDA organic regulations,” Aurora advertises. But a closer look at Aurora and other large operations highlights critical weaknesses in the unorthodox inspection system that the USDA uses to ensure that “organic” food is really organic. The U.S. organic market now counts more than $40 billion in annual sales and includes products imported from about 100 countries. To enforce the organic rules across this vast industry, the USDA allows farmers to hire and pay their own inspectors to certify them as “USDA Organic.” Industry defenders say enforcement is robust. But the problems at an entity like Aurora suggests that even large, prominent players can fall short of standards without detection. With milk, the critical issue is grazing. Organic dairies are required to allow the cows to graze daily throughout the growing season – that is, the cows are supposed to be grass-fed, not confined to barns and feed lots. This method is considered more natural and alters the constituents of the cows milk in ways that consumers deem beneficial. But during visits by The Washington Post to Aurora’s High Plains complex across nine days last year, signs of grazing were sparse, at best. Aurora said their animals were out on pasture day and night, but during most Post visits the number of cows seen in pastures numbered in the hundreds. A high-resolution satellite photo taken in mid-July by Digital Globe, a space imagery vendor, shows a typical situation – only a few hundred in pastures. At no point were there any more than 10 percent of the herd out. In response, Aurora spokeswoman Sonja Tuitele dismissed the Post visits as anomalies and “drive-bys.” The milk produced also provides evidence that Aurora cows do not graze as required by organic rules. Testing conducted for the Post by Virginia Tech scientists shows that on a key indicator of grass-feeding, the Aurora milk matched conventional milk, not organic. Finally, the Post contacted the inspectors who visited Aurora’s High Plains dairy and certified it as “USDA Organic.” Did their inspectors have evidence that the Aurora cows met the grazing requirement? It turned out that they were poorly positioned to know. ARE CONSUMERS MISLED? The inspectors conducted the annual audit well after grazing season – in November. That means that during the annual audit, inspectors would not have seen whether the cows were grazing as required, a breach of USDA inspection policy. “We would expect that inspectors are out there during the grazing season,” said Miles McEvoy, chief of the National Organic Program at USDA. He said that the grazing requirement is “a critical compliance component of an organic livestock operation.” If organic farms violate organic rules, consumers are being misled and overcharged. In the case of milk, consumers pay extra – often double – when the carton says “USDA Organic” in the belief they are getting something different. Organic dairy sales amounted to $6 billion last year in the U.S. The failure to comply with organic standards also harms other farms, many of them small. Following the rules costs extra because grazing requires more land and because cows that dine on grass typically produce less milk. Whether an organic dairy is grazing its herd is relatively easy to see, especially if roads criss-cross their pastures. It is more difficult, however, for outsiders to judge whether a dairy is following other organic rules – such as those regarding hormones and organic feed. Ten years ago, after a complaint from a consumer group, Aurora faced USDA allegations that it breached organic rules regarding grazing and other issues. The USDA charged that Aurora was in “willful violation” of organic standards, but a settlement agreement allowed them to continue to operate. There have been no charges since then. But some small organic dairy farmers say that the new, large organic dairies that have popped up in the Southwest are violating standards. On one-day visits to several large organic operations in Texas and New Mexico, a Post reporter saw similarly empty pastures. It was difficult to determine where their milk winds up on retail shelves, however, and so no chemical tests were pursued. “About half of the organic milk sold in the U.S. is coming from very large factory farms that have no intention of living up to organic principles,” said Mark Kastel of the Cornucopia Institute, a Wisconsin-based nonprofit group representing thousand of organic farmers. “Thousands of small organic farmers across the United States depend on the USDA organic system working. Unfortunately, right now, it’s not working for small farmers, or for consumers.” WHAT DOES THE LABEL MEAN? The “USDA Organic” seal that appears on food packaging – essentially a USDA guarantee of quality – was created by federal rules in 2000. Until then, convincing customers that a product was “organic” could be a murky proposition – everyone relied on informal definitions of “organic” and informal measures of trust. The “USDA Organic” seal changed that, standardizing concepts and setting rules. It has proven a boon: Organic food sales rose from about $6 billion annually in 2000 to $40 billion in 2015, according to the Organic Trade Association. The integrity of the new label, however, rested on an unusual system of inspections. Under organic rules, the USDA typically doesn’t inspect farms. Instead, farmers hire their own inspectors from lists of private companies and other organizations licensed by the USDA. An inspector makes an annual visit that is arranged days or weeks in advance. Only 5 percent of inspections are expected to be done unannounced. To keep the inspectors honest, the USDA reviews the records of each inspection outfit about every 2½ years. This inspection system saves the USDA money because it doesn’t have to hire many inspectors. The compliance and enforcement team at the USDA National Organic Program has nine people – one for every $4 billion in sales. At the other end of the scale from Aurora are many small dairies who have come to rely on the USDA Organic label, investing in the opportunity it represents, believing in its promise. Several years ago, for example, Bobby Prigel, a fourth-generation dairyman with a 300-acre spread of rolling pastures and white plank fences in northern Maryland, made the switch. With milk prices declining and feed costs rising, Prigel figured he had to try something different. The herd had been in the barn area for decades, munching feed. One day he shooed them out to pasture. Here’s the funny thing, he said: His cows seemed confused. Though cows are natural grazers – like the wild aurochs they descended from – the grazing instincts of his cows had been dulled. “They didn’t really know how to graze at first – they didn’t know how to bend down and get grass with their tongues,” Prigel said one day during a break on his farm. Nor were they accustomed to walking much. THE COST OF BEING ‘ORGANIC’ Prigel, meanwhile, had to make economic adjustments. Producing milk according to the “USDA Organic” standard costs more. To begin with, organic cows cannot be given hormones to stimulate milk production. And any feed or pasture for the cows must be organic – that is, grown without most synthetic pesticides. Second, to be considered organic, cows must obtain a certain percentage of their diet from grazing. Prigel is a purist and feeds his herd entirely from the pasture, but most organic dairies supplement the pasture with corn, soybeans or other grains, even during the grazing season. The grazing requirement makes milk more costly to produce because it requires a certain amount of pasture land and because a grazing cow produces less milk than one eating a grain diet optimized for milk production. With grass-fed cows, “there’s just not nearly as much milk,” Prigel said. On the upside, a farmer can sell certified organic milk for almost double the price of conventional, and there are other benefits, too: The milk is measurably different, and according to the USDA, it improves cow health and reduces the environmental impacts of agriculture. Moreover, because grazing is natural cow behavior, some believe it is more humane. “Cows aren’t supposed to stay inside and eat corn,” Prigel said. The growth of mega-dairies that skimp on grazing and produce cheap milk appears to be crushing many small dairies, some analysts said. “The mom and pop – the smaller traditional family dairies – who are following the pasture rules are seeing their prices erode,” said Hardin, The Milkweed editor. “It is creating a heck of a mess.” Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Sports A good bad year: Doping’s effect on harness racing Business Off-track betting takes a piece, and a hit, from gambling in Maine Politics Twelve years and $112 million in state funds have failed to save harness racing in Maine Politics Bill seeks to restrict Maine towns’ efforts to build high-speed internet networks Recent Read Shared Westbrook police warn motorists to yield to pedestrians in crosswalks A good bad year: Doping’s effect on harness racing Off-track betting takes a piece, and a hit, from gambling in Maine Twelve years and $112 million in state funds have failed to save harness racing in Maine Thomas scores 53, Celtics beat Wizards 129-119 in overtime Worrisome new rift found in Antarctica ice shelf Portland chefs Mike Wiley and Andrew Taylor win James Beard Award Gorham boy run over by family's SUV in intensive care at Maine Med No one injured in rollover crash in Westbrook, police say Investigator turns over Sanborn murder case files that he kept in his attic Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Southern Maine Transit Tracker seeking feedback on its tracking system Portland chefs Mike Wiley and Andrew Taylor win James Beard Award Maine House votes to join Atlantic time zone, if New Hampshire and Massachusetts do the same Read Lee Sharkey's poem 'Letter to Al' BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
GoSearch FOX31 & Channel 2 TV Schedule Search Contact Us FOX31 Denver Menu News Traffic On FOX31 On Channel 2 CO Best Contests Community Sports Weather 43° 43° Low 36° High 62° Wed 34° 58° Thu 36° 70° Fri 43° 78° See complete forecast Fill Food Banks this Spring Posted 11:42 am, May 2, 2017, by Seth Gregory Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video One in seven Coloradans worry where their next meal will come from, and 400,000 people in Denver worry about where they will find their next meal. According to Feeding America, food bank supplies take a huge hit in the first quarter, in what's known as the "Spring Hunger Gap." While Colorado's own Food Bank of the Rockies works tirelessly to support those struggling with hunger, now is the time when they need support from their community. That's why initiatives like Walmart's "Fight Hunger, Spark Change" Campaign is so important. Kevin Seggelke, the President and CEO of the Food Bank of the Rockies, and Scott Hughes from Walmart joined us to talk about the campaign. The goal is to help secure 100 million meals for Feeding America's network of food banks. "Fight Hunger, Spark Change" will run online and in all US Walmart stores from April 17-May 15.The public can get involved in store and online through the purchase of participating products. If you'd like to learn more about helping Walmart fight hunger, visit Walmart.com/FightHunger/SparkChange. And you can learn even more ways to make a difference in your community at FoodBankRockies.org. Filed in: Colorado’s Best Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Live Streaming Newscasts Watch FOX31 Denver & Channel 2 on your computer, tablet or mobile phone here. Popular Second body found in Morgan County identified as 19-year-old Destiny McMinn SUV fatally strikes 11-year-old boy walking across busy road not in crosswalk Craigslist scammer to homeowner: ‘I’m just trying to make a few bucks, you know?’ Boy could face charges for jumping into Bass Pro Shops fish tank Latest News Proposal for new power lines in Douglas County meets with resistance from neighbors ICE releases undocumented immigrant from custody; He’ll get to see daughter graduate CU apologizes for banning media from student protest 2 police officers shot in Chicago, search underway for suspect Problem Solvers 13-year-old walking the walk to feed the hungry Serving Those Who Serve ‘Soldiers’ Angels’ distributing food to veterans in need in Lakewood on Friday Money Dow soars 303 points, closes above 21,000 for first time Health Dead bat reportedly found in Fresh Express prepackaged salad Good Day Colorado News Technology Tech Review: Power on the go with AUKEY battery News Leonardo DiCaprio invests in Boulder-based fish company On Channel 2 Help Denver Rescue Mission restock the pantry Colorado’s Best Save 50% on Delicious Food From The Old Spaghetti Factory Health New weight-loss method requires patients to get over ‘ick’ factor Trending 6-year-old gives up her birthday party to give back to homeless Colorado’s Best Sneak Fruit and Vegetables into Kids’ Snacks with Veggie Go’s News 10-year-old birthday girl skips gifts, feeds homeless instead Colorado Rockies Rockies feeling optimistic about season as spring training opens Mobile Apps iPhone: KDVR & KWGN App Android: KDVR & KWGN App iPhone: Pinpoint Weather App Android: Pinpoint Weather App Facebook Twitter Instagram snapchat Snapchat Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KDVR Online Public File • KWGN Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 100 East Speer Blvd. Denver, Colorado 80203 • Copyright © 2017, KDVR • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
× Thank you for reading! Please log in, sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Thank you for reading 10 free articles on our site. You can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 10 free articles, or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information. If you need help, please contact our office at 336-727-7211. Sign Up Log In Current 7 Day Print Subscriber   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Monday - Sunday & All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $15.95 $15.95 Monday - Saturday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $11.09* $11.09* Existing Subscribers $11.09* Saturday - Monday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $12.69* $12.69* Existing Subscribers $12.69* Sunday Only & All Access Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $10.05* $10.05* Existing Subscribers $10.05* All Access Only Receive unlimited web and mobile web access to JournalNow.com and get an electronic replica edition every day. New Subscribers $9.99* $9.99* Existing Subscribers $9.99* × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm The following services are print only and offer no digital access Monday - Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Print Only $15.95 $15.95 Existing Subscribers $15.95 Monday – Saturday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday.  Print Only $10.10 $10.10 Existing Subscribers $10.10 Saturday – Monday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Print Only $11.70 $11.70 Existing Subscribers $11.70 Sunday Only Home Delivery Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Print Only $9.06 $9.06 Existing Subscribers $9.06 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Newsletters Contact Us Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Special Sections Calendar 63° Scattered Clouds Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today A mainly sunny sky. High 77F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight A few clouds from time to time. Low 54F. Winds ENE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 3, 2017 @ 12:54 am Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Close The Associated Press This Wednesday, April 19, 2017 photo shows cows at a dairy farm, Prosser Farms, owned by Tim Prosser and his father, John, in Columbus, Wis. (AP Photo/Cara Lombardo) Are you paying too much for ‘organic’ milk? By Peter Whoriskey, The Washington Post 13 hrs ago (…) The Associated Press This Wednesday, April 19, 2017 photo shows cows at a dairy farm, Prosser Farms, owned by Tim Prosser and his father, John, in Columbus, Wis. (AP Photo/Cara Lombardo) The High Plains dairy complex reflects the new scale of the U.S. organic industry: it is big. Stretching across miles of pastures and feedlots north of Greeley, Colorado, the complex is home to more than 15,000 cows, making it more than a hundred times the size of a typical organic herd. It is the main facility of Aurora Organic Dairy, a company that produces enough milk to supply the house brands of Walmart, Costco, and other major retailers. "We take great pride in our commitment to organic, and in our ability to meet the rigorous criteria of the USDA organic regulations," Aurora advertises. But a closer look at Aurora and other large operations highlights critical weaknesses in the unorthodox inspection system that the USDA uses to ensure that "organic" food is really organic. The U.S. organic market now counts more than $40 billion in annual sales, and includes products imported from about 100 countries. To enforce the organic rules across this vast industry, the USDA allows farmers to hire and pay their own inspectors to certify them as "USDA Organic." Industry defenders say enforcement is robust. But the problems at an entity like Aurora suggests that even large, prominent players can fall short of standards without detection. With milk, the critical issue is grazing. Organic dairies are required to allow the cows to graze daily throughout the growing season - that is, the cows are supposed to be grass-fed, not confined to barns and feed lots. This method is considered more natural and alters the constituents of the cows milk in ways consumers deem beneficial. But during visits by The Washington Post to Aurora's High Plains complex across nine days last year, signs of grazing were sparse, at best. Aurora said their animals were out on pasture day and night but during most Post visits the number of cows seen on pasture numbered in the hundreds. A high-resolution satellite photo taken in mid-July by Digital Globe, a space imagery vendor, shows a typical situation - only a few hundred on pasture. At no point were there any more than 10 percent of the herd out. In response, Aurora spokesperson Sonja Tuitele dismissed the Post visits as anomalies and "drive-bys." The milk produced also provides evidence that Aurora cows do not graze as required by organic rules. Testing conducted for the Post by Virginia Tech scientists shows that on a key indicator of grass-feeding, the Aurora milk matched conventional milk, not organic. Finally, the Post contacted the inspectors who visited Aurora's High Plains dairy and certified it as "USDA Organic." Did their inspectors have evidence that the Aurora cows met the grazing requirement? It turns out that they were poorly positioned to know. The inspectors conducted the annual audit well after grazing season - in November. That means that during the annual audit, inspectors would not have seen whether the cows were grazing as required, a breach of USDA inspection policy. "We would expect that inspectors are out there during the grazing season," said Miles McEvoy, chief of the National Organic Program at USDA. He said that the grazing requirement is "a critical compliance component of an organic livestock operation." If organic farms violate organic rules, consumers are being misled and overcharged. In the case of milk, consumers pay extra - often double - when the carton says "USDA Organic" in the belief they are getting something different. Organic dairy sales amounted to $6 billion last year in the U.S. The failure to comply with organic standards also harms other farms, many of them small. Following the rules costs extra because grazing requires more land and because cows that dine on grass typically produce less milk. Whether an organic dairy is grazing its herd is relatively easy to see, especially if roads criss-cross their pastures. It is more difficult, however, for outsiders to judge whether a dairy is following other organic rules - such as those regarding hormones and organic feed. Ten years ago, after a complaint from a consumer group, Aurora faced USDA allegations that it breached organic rules regarding grazing and other issues. The USDA charged that Aurora was in "willful violation" of organic standards, but a settlement agreement allowed them to continue to operate. There have been no charges since then. But some small organic dairy farmers say that the new, large organic dairies that have popped up in the Southwest are violating standards. On one-day visits to several large organic operations in Texas and New Mexico, a Post reporter saw similarly empty pastures. It was difficult to determine where their milk winds up on retail shelves, however, and so no chemical tests were pursued. "About half of the organic milk sold in the U.S. is coming from very large factory farms that have no intention of living up to organic principles," said Mark Kastel of the Cornucopia Institute, a Wisconsin-based nonprofit group representing thousand of organic farmers. "Thousands of small organic farmers across the United States depend on the USDA organic system working. Unfortunately, right now, it's not working for small farmers, or for consumers." --- The "USDA Organic" seal that appears on food packaging - essentially a USDA guarantee of quality - was created by federal rules in 2000. Until then, convincing customers that a product was "organic" could be a murky proposition - everyone relied on informal definitions of organic and informal measures of trust. The "USDA Organic" seal changed that, standardizing concepts and setting rules. It has proven a boon: Organic food sales rose from about $6 billion annually in 2000 to $40 billion in 2015, according to the Organic Trade Association. The integrity of the new label, however, rested on an unusual system of inspections. Under organic rules, the USDA typically doesn't inspect farms. Instead, farmers hire their own inspectors from lists of private companies and other organizations licensed by the USDA. An inspector makes an annual visit and it is arranged days or weeks in advance. Only five percent of inspections are expected to be done unannounced. To keep the inspectors honest, the USDA reviews the records of each inspection outfit about every 2 1/2 years. This inspection system saves the USDA money because it doesn't have to hire many inspectors. The compliance and enforcement team at the USDA National Organic Program has nine people - one for every $4 billion in sales. McEvoy acknowledged that having farmers choose their inspection companies is "fairly unique" within the USDA, but he noted that rising sales show that consumers "trust the organic label." Others have doubts. Cornucopia publishes its own scorecard of organic dairies because, its officials say, the USDA has failed to weed out the bad. "Consumers look at that cartoon label on organic milk with a happy cow on green pasture with a red barn, but that's not always the reality," said Katherine Paul of the Organic Consumers Association. "What we've said all along is that organic milks are not created equal, and your results show that." --- At the other end of the scale from Aurora are many small dairies who have come to rely on the USDA Organic label, investing in the opportunity it respresents, believing in its promise. Several years ago, for example, Bobby Prigel, a fourth-generation dairyman with a 300-acre spread of rolling pastures and white plank fences in northern Maryland, made the switch. With milk prices declining and feed costs rising, Prigel figured he had to try something different. The herd had been in the barn area for decades, munching feed. One day he shooed them out to pasture. Here's the funny thing, he said: his cows seemed confused. Though cows are natural grazers - like the wild aurochs they descended from -the grazing instincts of his cows had been dulled. "They didn't really know how to graze at first - they didn't know how to bend down and get grass with their tongues," Prigel said one day during a break on his farm. Nor were they accustomed to walking much. Prigel, meanwhile, had to make economic adjustments. Producing milk according to the "USDA Organic" standard costs more. To begin with, organic cows cannot be given hormones to stimulate milk production. And any feed or pasture for the cows must be organic - that is, grown without most synthetic pesticides. Second, to be considered organic, cows must obtain a certain percentage of their diet from grazing. Prigel is a purist and feeds his herd entirely from the pasture, but most organic dairies supplement the pasture with corn, soybeans or other grains, even during the grazing season. The grazing requirement makes milk more costly to produce because it requires a certain amount of pasture land and because a grazing cow produces less milk than one eating a grain diet optimized for milk production. With grass-fed cows, "there's just not nearly as much milk," Prigel said. On the upside, a farmer can sell certified organic milk for almost double the price of conventional, and there are other benefits, too: The milk is measurably different, and according to the USDA, it improves cow health and reduces the environmental impacts of agriculture. Moreover, because grazing is natural cow behavior, some believe it is more humane. "Cows aren't supposed to stay inside and eat corn," Prigel said. --- The grazing season typically runs from spring until the first frost and to evaluate the Aurora operation, The Post visited the High Plains dairy complex nine days during that period - three in August, three in September and three in October. Roads criss-cross the farm allowing a view of their fields. In addition, in July, a satellite for Digital Globe snapped a high-resolution photo of the area. Each of those ten days, only a very small portion of the 15,000 cow herd was seen on pastures. Many more were seen in feed lots. In response, Aurora officials said that during the grazing season the cows are on pasture both day and night. Maybe, they said, on those days, the cows were elsewhere, being milked or otherwise tended. However, the Post visited at different times of the day, sometimes twice in a day. Because the cows are milked in shifts, thousands of them should be out at any given time, farmers said. Aurora did say that they stopped their grazing season on September 30, so it's not surprising no cows were seen on the three days in October. It's unclear why Aurora decided to end their grazing season then, though, because the first frost was not until October 20 in that area, according to weather records. To see whether a lack of grazing was apparent in the milk, the Post turned to Virginia Tech dairy science professor Benjamin Corl, who analyzed eight different milks, some organic, some not, and all bottled during grazing season. He performed the tests without knowing the brand names of the samples. Grass-fed cows tend to produce milk with elevated levels of two types of fat. One of the distinguishing fats is conjugated linoleic acid or CLA, which some regard as the clearest indicator of grass-feeding. The other is an "Omega-3" fat known as alpha-linolenic acid. Both have been associated with health benefits in humans, although the amounts found in milk are relatively small. Another type of fat - linoleic acid, an Omega-6 fat - tends to be sparser in milks that are pasture fed. The results: Prigel's milk stood out for its grassy origins. It ranked at the top for CLA and was a distant last for linoleic acid. The milk from Snowville Creamery, another brand that boasts of pasture-grazing, ranked second for CLA. "Those two milks stood out like sore thumbs," said Corl, who "You can tell those animals have been on grass." At the other extreme were the conventional milks - from 365 and Lucerne. They ranked, as expected, at the bottom for the fats associated with grass feeding and at the top for the fat associated with conventional feeding. Large organic brands - Horizon and Organic Valley - ranked roughly in between the extremes for two of the three measures. As for Aurora's milk, despite its the "USDA Organic" label, it was very close to conventional milk. On two of the three measures, CLA and linoleic acid, they were pretty much the same as conventional milk. On the third measure, alpha-linolenic acid, Aurora ranked slightly better than the conventional milks, but below the other USDA organic samples. The milk tested by the Post had been processed at Aurora's Colorado processing plant, according to the number stamped on the bottle. More than 80 percent of the milk that Aurora sells is produced at its own farms; it also purchases milk from other dairies, according to the company. It wasn't the first time that Aurora milk has tested poorly for signs of grass feeding. In 2008, the Milkweed, a dairy economics report compared Aurora's milk to other organic milks. Of 10 organic milks ranked for the fats assocated with grass feeding, Aurora's was last. "There has been an obvious failure by USDA to enforce the organic pasture standard," Pete Hardin, editor and publisher of The Milkweed, said in a recent interview. --- Tuitele, the Aurora spokesperson, dismissed the milk tests and declined to comment in depth on them because they were "isolated" and because there are "so many variables that are unknown." She suggested that Auurora milk may have tested differently, not because of a lack of grazing, but because Colorado pastures may have different plants. But milks from the Rocky Mountain region and those from the Mid-Atlantic vary a little, according to a 2013 study of organic milks published in PlosOne - not enough to explain the gap in the results. Aurora's inspectors also stood by Aurora's milk. While most inspectors are private organizations, Aurora hired staff from the Colorado Department of Agriculture, which it pays about $13,000 annually. When asked about the Aurora inspection being done after grazing season, an official with the Colorado Department of Agriculture initially suggested that other audits may have been conducted at High Plains last year. But Tuitele later wrote that the November visit was the only audit of its High Plains complex last year. Aurora and their inspectors have been under scrutiny before. About 10 years ago, the USDA launched an investigation into Aurora's organic practices. By April 2007, USDA said it identified "willful violations" of organic rules by the dairy. Aurora had, among other things, for three years "failed to provide a total feed ration that included pasture." The USDA proposed to revoke Aurora's organic status. It also also proposed to suspend the Colorado Department of Agriculture from certifying organic livestock "due to the nature and extent of these violations." Four months later, though, the case was resolved. Aurora pledged to make improvements and was allowed to continue operating. It issued a press release saying that the USDA had "dismissed the complaints...following an extensive review" - a finding contrary to the view at USDA, which issued a press release saying "the complaint was not dismissed." It noted that the consent agreement called for Aurora to "make major changes." For its part, the Colorado Department of Agriculture agreed "to make several changes in its operation," including hiring more personnel and staff training, according to a USDA press release. Aurora also settled a related class action lawsuit for $7.5 million in 2012, and said it did not admit wrongdoing. Since then, Aurora, already gargantuan, has continued to grow. In recent months it has been considering an expansion in Columbia, Mo., that may rely on milk from as many as 30,000 cows, according to local media coverage. The growth of mega-dairies that skimp on grazing and produce cheap milk appears to be crushing many small dairies, some analysts said. "The mom and pop - the smaller traditional family dairies - who are following the pasture rules are seeing their prices erode," said Hardin, The Milkweed editor. "It is creating a heck of a mess." --- Will Costello contributed to this report. Washington Post News Service (DC) Tags Organic Milk Milk Dairy Cow Law Economics Commerce Food Popular This Week Winston-Salem police investigating shooting death of 21-year-old man Winston-Salem woman convicted of forcing 12-year-old girl into prostitution Winston-Salem woman gets up to 16 years for forcing 12-year-old girl into prostitution Bystanders, officers clamber to rescue construction worker buried in rubble of collapsed brick wall in Winston-Salem (Videos) Fatally wounded man found on A&T campus last week had Winston-Salem ties Former assistant DA accused of peeping at Wake Forest student; man resigned Monday after DA's office found out MerleFest on his mind: James Taylor wows home crowd at second day of roots music festival Police: Winston-Salem teen in stolen car had 29 felony warrants Authorities investigate the death of infant boy in foster care Shaken values, shaking heads: Some residents concerned with new tax values of their homes More Special Sections Special Sections Winston-Salem Parent Sections News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Place An Ad Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev A first in the state: Edina raises tobacco sales age from 18 to 21 Approval rating hits an all-time high for Dayton Tevlin: Hodges has had a mind-boggling month 'Old Rice Street' looks out for community mainstay Internet privacy measure removed as lawmakers debate budget GOP proposal imperils future LRT projects Any way you measure it, Twins smack six home runs in rout over Oakland 'Fidget spinners' are all the rage, but some Minnesota schools have had enough With no prom date, Champlin Park student takes Harvard admission letter Thorson's passion unchanged; nothing about college recruiting the same Adrian Peterson scoffs at notion he's over the hill next Business 421040543 Why your milk may not be truly organic Visits to dairy farms that produce milk for the house brands of major retailers raise questions about whether large farms meet organic standards. If organic farms violate organic rules, consumers are being misled and overcharged.  By Peter Whoriskey Washington Post May 2, 2017 — 12:22pm Matt McClain &#x2022; Washington Post To enforce the organic rules, the USDA allows farmers to hire their own inspectors to certify them as “USDA Organic.” Industry defenders say enforcement is robust. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint The High Plains dairy complex reflects the new scale of the U.S. organic industry: it is big. Stretching across miles of pastures and feedlots north of Greeley, Colo., the complex is home to more than 15,000 cows, making it more than a hundred times the size of a typical organic herd. It is the main facility of Aurora Organic Dairy, a company that produces enough milk to supply the house brands of Wal-Mart, Costco, and other major retailers. "We take great pride in our commitment to organic, and in our ability to meet the rigorous criteria of the USDA organic regulations," Aurora advertises. But a closer look at Aurora and other large operations highlights critical weaknesses in the unorthodox inspection system that the USDA uses to ensure that "organic" food is really organic. The U.S. organic market now counts more than $40 billion in annual sales, and includes products imported from about 100 countries. To enforce the organic rules across this vast industry, the USDA allows farmers to hire and pay their own inspectors to certify them as "USDA Organic." Industry defenders say enforcement is robust. But the problems at an entity like Aurora suggests that even large, prominent players can fall short of standards without detection. Jorge Ribas &#x2022; Washington Post A frame grab from video drone footage over Aurora Organic Dairy in Greeley, Colo. A close look at Aurora and other large operations highlights critical weaknesses in the unorthodox inspection system that the USDA uses to ensure that “organic” food is really organic. With milk, the critical issue is grazing. Organic dairies are required to allow the cows to graze daily throughout the growing season — that is, the cows are supposed to be grass-fed, not confined to barns and feed lots. This method is considered more natural and alters the constituents of the cows milk in ways consumers deem beneficial. But during visits by the Washington Post to Aurora's High Plains complex across nine days last year, signs of grazing were sparse, at best. Aurora said their animals were out on pasture day and night but during most Post visits the number of cows seen on pasture numbered in the hundreds. A high-resolution satellite photo taken in mid-July by Digital Globe, a space imagery vendor, shows a typical situation — only a few hundred on pasture. At no point were there any more than 10 percent of the herd out. In response, Aurora spokesperson Sonja Tuitele dismissed the Post visits as anomalies and "drive-bys." The milk produced also provides evidence that Aurora cows do not graze as required by organic rules. Testing conducted for the Post by Virginia Tech scientists shows that on a key indicator of grass-feeding, the Aurora milk matched conventional milk, not organic. Finally, the Post contacted the inspectors who visited Aurora's High Plains dairy and certified it as "USDA Organic." Did their inspectors have evidence that the Aurora cows met the grazing requirement? It turns out that they were poorly positioned to know. The inspectors conducted the annual audit well after grazing season — in November. That means that during the annual audit, inspectors would not have seen whether the cows were grazing as required, a breach of USDA inspection policy. "We would expect that inspectors are out there during the grazing season," said Miles McEvoy, chief of the National Organic Program at USDA. He said that the grazing requirement is "a critical compliance component of an organic livestock operation." If organic farms violate organic rules, consumers are being misled and overcharged. In the case of milk, consumers pay extra — often double — when the carton says "USDA Organic" in the belief they are getting something different. Organic dairy sales amounted to $6 billion last year in the U.S. The failure to comply with organic standards also harms other farms, many of them small. Following the rules costs extra because grazing requires more land and because cows that dine on grass typically produce less milk. Whether an organic dairy is grazing its herd is relatively easy to see, especially if roads crisscross their pastures. It is more difficult, however, for outsiders to judge whether a dairy is following other organic rules — such as those regarding hormones and organic feed. Ten years ago, after a complaint from a consumer group, Aurora faced USDA allegations that it breached organic rules regarding grazing and other issues. The USDA charged that Aurora was in "willful violation" of organic standards, but a settlement agreement allowed them to continue to operate. There have been no charges since then. But some small organic dairy farmers say that the new, large organic dairies that have popped up in the Southwest are violating standards. On one-day visits to several large organic operations in Texas and New Mexico, a Post reporter saw similarly empty pastures. It was difficult to determine where their milk winds up on retail shelves, however, and so no chemical tests were pursued. "About half of the organic milk sold in the U.S. is coming from very large factory farms that have no intention of living up to organic principles," said Mark Kastel of the Cornucopia Institute, a Wisconsin-based nonprofit group representing thousand of organic farmers. "Thousands of small organic farmers across the United States depend on the USDA organic system working. Unfortunately, right now, it's not working for small farmers, or for consumers." • • • The "USDA Organic" seal that appears on food packaging — essentially a USDA guarantee of quality — was created by federal rules in 2000. Until then, convincing customers that a product was "organic" could be a murky proposition — everyone relied on informal definitions of organic and informal measures of trust. The "USDA Organic" seal changed that, standardizing concepts and setting rules. It has proved a boon: Organic food sales rose from about $6 billion annually in 2000 to $40 billion in 2015, according to the Organic Trade Association. The integrity of the new label, however, rested on an unusual system of inspections. Under organic rules, the USDA typically doesn't inspect farms. Instead, farmers hire their own inspectors from lists of private companies and other organizations licensed by the USDA. An inspector makes an annual visit and it is arranged days or weeks in advance. Only five percent of inspections are expected to be done unannounced. To keep the inspectors honest, the USDA reviews the records of each inspection outfit about every 2½ years. This inspection system saves the USDA money because it doesn't have to hire many inspectors. The compliance and enforcement team at the USDA National Organic Program has nine people — one for every $4 billion in sales. McEvoy acknowledged that having farmers choose their inspection companies is "fairly unique" within the USDA, but he noted that rising sales show that consumers "trust the organic label." Others have doubts. Cornucopia publishes its own scorecard of organic dairies because, its officials say, the USDA has failed to weed out the bad. "Consumers look at that cartoon label on organic milk with a happy cow on green pasture with a red barn, but that's not always the reality," said Katherine Paul of the Organic Consumers Association. "What we've said all along is that organic milks are not created equal, and your results show that." • • • At the other end of the scale from Aurora are many small dairies who have come to rely on the USDA Organic label, investing in the opportunity it represents, believing in its promise. Several years ago, for example, Bobby Prigel, a fourth-generation dairyman with a 300-acre spread of rolling pastures and white plank fences in northern Maryland, made the switch. With milk prices declining and feed costs rising, Prigel figured he had to try something different. The herd had been in the barn area for decades, munching feed. One day he shooed them out to pasture. Here's the funny thing, he said: his cows seemed confused. Though cows are natural grazers — like the wild aurochs they descended from -the grazing instincts of his cows had been dulled. "They didn't really know how to graze at first — they didn't know how to bend down and get grass with their tongues," Prigel said one day during a break on his farm. Nor were they accustomed to walking much. Prigel, meanwhile, had to make economic adjustments. Producing milk according to the "USDA Organic" standard costs more. To begin with, organic cows cannot be given hormones to stimulate milk production. And any feed or pasture for the cows must be organic — that is, grown without most synthetic pesticides. Second, to be considered organic, cows must obtain a certain percentage of their diet from grazing. Prigel is a purist and feeds his herd entirely from the pasture, but most organic dairies supplement the pasture with corn, soybeans or other grains, even during the grazing season. The grazing requirement makes milk more costly to produce because it requires a certain amount of pasture land and because a grazing cow produces less milk than one eating a grain diet optimized for milk production. With grass-fed cows, "there's just not nearly as much milk," Prigel said. On the upside, a farmer can sell certified organic milk for almost double the price of conventional, and there are other benefits, too: The milk is measurably different, and according to the USDA, it improves cow health and reduces the environmental impacts of agriculture. Moreover, because grazing is natural cow behavior, some believe it is more humane. "Cows aren't supposed to stay inside and eat corn," Prigel said. • • • The grazing season typically runs from spring until the first frost and to evaluate the Aurora operation, The Post visited the High Plains dairy complex nine days during that period — three in August, three in September and three in October. Roads crisscross the farm allowing a view of their fields. In addition, in July, a satellite for Digital Globe snapped a high-resolution photo of the area. Each of those ten days, only a very small portion of the 15,000 cow herd was seen on pastures. Many more were seen in feed lots. In response, Aurora officials said that during the grazing season the cows are on pasture both day and night. Maybe, they said, on those days, the cows were elsewhere, being milked or otherwise tended. However, the Post visited at different times of the day, sometimes twice in a day. Because the cows are milked in shifts, thousands of them should be out at any given time, farmers said. Aurora did say that they stopped their grazing season on September 30, so it's not surprising no cows were seen on the three days in October. It's unclear why Aurora decided to end their grazing season then, though, because the first frost was not until October 20 in that area, according to weather records. To see whether a lack of grazing was apparent in the milk, the Post turned to Virginia Tech dairy science professor Benjamin Corl, who analyzed eight different milks, some organic, some not, and all bottled during grazing season. He performed the tests without knowing the brand names of the samples. Grass-fed cows tend to produce milk with elevated levels of two types of fat. One of the distinguishing fats is conjugated linoleic acid or CLA, which some regard as the clearest indicator of grass-feeding. The other is an "Omega-3" fat known as alpha-linolenic acid. Both have been associated with health benefits in humans, although the amounts found in milk are relatively small. Another type of fat — linoleic acid, an Omega-6 fat — tends to be sparser in milks that are pasture fed. The results: Prigel's milk stood out for its grassy origins. It ranked at the top for CLA and was a distant last for linoleic acid. The milk from Snowville Creamery, another brand that boasts of pasture-grazing, ranked second for CLA. "Those two milks stood out like sore thumbs," said Corl, who "You can tell those animals have been on grass." At the other extreme were the conventional milks — from 365 and Lucerne. They ranked, as expected, at the bottom for the fats associated with grass feeding and at the top for the fat associated with conventional feeding. Large organic brands — Horizon and Organic Valley — ranked roughly in between the extremes for two of the three measures. As for Aurora's milk, despite its "USDA Organic" label, it was very close to conventional milk. On two of the three measures, CLA and linoleic acid, they were pretty much the same as conventional milk. On the third measure, alpha-linolenic acid, Aurora ranked slightly better than the conventional milks, but below the other USDA organic samples. The milk tested by the Post had been processed at Aurora's Colorado processing plant, according to the number stamped on the bottle. More than 80 percent of the milk that Aurora sells is produced at its own farms; it also purchases milk from other dairies, according to the company. It wasn't the first time that Aurora milk has tested poorly for signs of grass feeding. In 2008, the Milkweed, a dairy economics report compared Aurora's milk to other organic milks. Of 10 organic milks ranked for the fats associated with grass feeding, Aurora's was last. "There has been an obvious failure by USDA to enforce the organic pasture standard," Pete Hardin, editor and publisher of the Milkweed, said in a recent interview. • • • Tuitele, the Aurora spokesperson, dismissed the milk tests and declined to comment in depth on them because they were "isolated" and because there are "so many variables that are unknown." She suggested that Aurora milk may have tested differently, not because of a lack of grazing, but because Colorado pastures may have different plants. But milks from the Rocky Mountain region and those from the mid-Atlantic vary a little, according to a 2013 study of organic milks published in PlosOne — not enough to explain the gap in the results. Aurora's inspectors also stood by Aurora's milk. While most inspectors are private organizations, Aurora hired staff from the Colorado Department of Agriculture, which it pays about $13,000 annually. When asked about the Aurora inspection being done after grazing season, an official with the Colorado Department of Agriculture initially suggested that other audits may have been conducted at High Plains last year. But Tuitele later wrote that the November visit was the only audit of its High Plains complex last year. Aurora and their inspectors have been under scrutiny before. About 10 years ago, the USDA launched an investigation into Aurora's organic practices. By April 2007, USDA said it identified "willful violations" of organic rules by the dairy. Aurora had, among other things, for three years "failed to provide a total feed ration that included pasture." The USDA proposed to revoke Aurora's organic status. It also proposed to suspend the Colorado Department of Agriculture from certifying organic livestock "due to the nature and extent of these violations." Four months later, though, the case was resolved. Aurora pledged to make improvements and was allowed to continue operating. It issued a news release saying that the USDA had "dismissed the complaints … following an extensive review" — a finding contrary to the view at USDA, which issued a news release saying "the complaint was not dismissed." It noted that the consent agreement called for Aurora to "make major changes." For its part, the Colorado Department of Agriculture agreed "to make several changes in its operation," including hiring more personnel and staff training, according to a USDA news release. Aurora also settled a related class action lawsuit for $7.5 million in 2012, and said it did not admit wrongdoing. Since then, Aurora, already gargantuan, has continued to grow. In recent months it has been considering an expansion in Columbia, Mo., that may rely on milk from as many as 30,000 cows, according to local media coverage. The growth of megadairies that skimp on grazing and produce cheap milk appears to be crushing many small dairies, some analysts said. "The mom and pop — the smaller traditional family dairies — who are following the pasture rules are seeing their prices erode," said Hardin, the Milkweed editor. "It is creating a heck of a mess." View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends Musician collapses during birthday concert finale and dies Winners and losers: How the Vikings' draft affects the current roster 'Fidget spinners' are all the rage, but some Minnesota schools have had enough Hopkins schools ran background check on ex-convict facing sexual assault charges After barn fire kills cows and closes dairy farm, Scott County neighbors pitch in Paul Douglas: Frigid Friday the 13th; hints of March next week Supervalu slapped with FDA warning over violations at seafood facility Bloomington man with a colorful past vows to keep fighting after judge tosses his pollution lawsuit USDA removes animal welfare records from website More From Business Variety 40 minutes ago No fun in Utah? Jazz fans turn tables on Warriors' razz Salt Lake City leaders and tourism officials playfully jabbed back at Golden State Warriors players who bemoaned the lack of nightlife in Utah, hoping to combat the predominantly Mormon state's reputation as a boring place where it's tough to get a drink. National 12:35am Santa Fe voters reject soda tax, hand rare win to industry Voters in New Mexico's capital city rejected a tax increase on sweetened beverages Tuesday, handing a rare victory to the soft-drink industry after a string of recent defeats. National 12:05am The Latest: Voters reject soda tax in Santa Fe The Latest on a soda-tax ballot initiative in Santa Fe, New Mexico (all times local): Business May 2 Asian stocks little changed with Tokyo, Hong Kong closed Asian stocks were little changed Wednesday with markets in Japan and Hong Kong closed for a holiday as investors looked ahead to a meeting of U.S. Federal Reserve policymakers. Business May 2 State's oldest comic store will relocate to make way for new apartments The popular store has been in the Uptown area since 1974. Top Stories A first in the state: Edina raises tobacco sales age from 18 to 21 May. 2 Approval rating hits an all-time high for Dayton 12:30am Tevlin: Hodges has had a mind-boggling month May. 2 Most Read Feds sue UnitedHealth over Medicare payments • Business Ecolab misses Wall Street's Q1 profit expectations by a penny • Business Buffalo Wild Wings new directors, activist investor, trade shots • Business Target CEO made $9.1M last year, but didn't get incentive bonus • Business United Properties gets another extension for $350M tower on Nicollet Mall • Business World Putin, Merkel spar in Russia over election meddling Seoul: THAAD can defend against North Korean missiles Nation Visa crackdown threatens seasonal help at US resorts White ex-officer pleads guilty in black man's slaying Politics Could Andrew Jackson have prevented Civil War? Trump seems to say so Trump pushes for vote on health care bill, but not clear on details markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Any way you measure it, Twins smack six home runs in rout over Oakland Twins plan to keep Berrios in minors for now Vikings Vikings exercise option on Barr, but not Bridgewater Adrian Peterson scoffs at notion he's over the hill MN United Turf taking its toll on Minnesota United Momentum changer: Top pick Danladi moves closer to Loons' starting 11 Celebrities Fox cancels 'Pitch,' starring Minnesota's Kylie Bunbury, after one season Obama tweets Jimmy Kimmel after host's tearful plea for Obamacare Super Bowl LII Super Bowl group quietly plans sex trafficking prevention efforts Super Bowl Host Committee will pay back Minneapolis $5 million for services poll Poll: What is your favorite town for outdoor adventure in Minnesota? 10,000 Takes Why men like me should talk openly about depression Minneapolis caterer recalls four unforgettable, regrettable '80s proms Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Miss Minnesota USA's first contestant with Down syndrome 02:46 Mikayla Holmgren demonstrates some dance moves for the camera at Bethel University. Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Corvus Pharmaceuticals Inc (CRVS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Five Prime Therapeutics Inc (FPRX) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates Overweight Rating for Facebook Inc (FB) Zacks Investment Research Lowers Elementis Unspon (ELMTY) to Sell Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Hold Rating for Exfo Inc (EXFO) Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Universal Insurance Holdings (UVE) Earning Very Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Vectrus (VEC) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Reaves Utility Income Fund (UTG) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.33 Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact USANA Health Sciences (USNA) Share Price Virtu Financial (VIRT) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows VF Corp (VFC) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Veeco Instruments (VECO) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds KAMES CAPITAL plc Has $14.327 Million Position in NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) VF Corp (VFC) Shares Sold by Fulton Breakefield Broenniman LLC Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) Position Held by Whittier Trust Co. Whittier Trust Co. Holds Stake in ABB Ltd (ABB) Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Shares Sold by Hennessy Advisors Inc. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT)‘s stock had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada in a report released on Tuesday. They currently have a $67.00 price target on the retailer’s stock. Royal Bank of Canada’s price objective would indicate a potential downside of 10.94% from the company’s previous close. WMT has been the topic of several other reports. Vetr cut Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $69.26 price target on the stock. in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Zacks Investment Research cut Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Bank of America Corp raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $76.00 to $88.00 in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Wells Fargo & Co assumed coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. They issued a “market perform” rating and a $71.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Morgan Stanley reduced their price target on Wal-Mart Stores from $74.00 to $70.00 and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $75.69. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) traded up 0.43% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $75.55. The stock had a trading volume of 3,413,242 shares. The stock has a market cap of $229.14 billion, a PE ratio of 17.25 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores has a 12 month low of $62.72 and a 12 month high of $75.77. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $72.31 and its 200-day moving average is $70.16. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm had revenue of $129.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.49 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be given a $0.51 dividend. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.71%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s payout ratio is 43.48%. WARNING: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-rating-reiterated-by-royal-bank-of-canada.html. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at $476,044,833.20. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total value of $264,012,022.57. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $756,408,072.73. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock valued at $1,110,035,611. Company insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of WMT. Dodge & Cox bought a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,503,922,000. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main bought a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth approximately $274,739,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company bought a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth approximately $262,122,000. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 58.0% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 9,776,421 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $705,075,000 after buying an additional 3,588,060 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Two Sigma Advisers LP bought a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth approximately $237,230,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 29.69% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Wednesday, May. 3, 2017 About Advertise Sponsors View Sponsors Weekly Deals Contact Home News & Views City Council Recaps Brewery News Restaurant News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Movie Reviews Giveaways Sports Sections All News Restaurant News Beer News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Sports Calendar Public Meetings Movie Listings Fiesta Square Razorback Cinema Weekly Deals One-week promotion offers $20 tickets to some Walmart AMP concerts By Todd Gill ·   May 2, 2017  Third Eye Blind / Courtesy Tickets to five upcoming Walmart AMP concerts will be on sale for $20 this week. The discounts are part of Live Nation’s “Kickoff to Summer Ticket Promotion,” which includes $20 tickets to over 1,000 shows across the country. Concerts at the Walmart AMP included in the $20 ticket offer are: Kidz Bop on May 21 ($5 savings) Train with OAR and Natasha Bedingfield on May 22 ($10 savings) Third Eye Blind with Silversun Pickups and Ocean Park Standoff on July 12 ($10.95 savings) Straight No Chaser and Post Modern Jukebox on Aug. 6 ($19.95 savings) Sublime with Rome on Sept. 19 ($9.50 savings) The promotion is for lawn seats only and is available through Tuesday, May 9. Tickets can be purchased in person at the Walton Arts Center box office, by calling 479-443-5600 or by visiting www.amptickets.com. Other nearby concerts include New Kids on the Block with Paula Abdul and Boyz II Men on May 24 at BOK Center in Tulsa, and Maxwell on June 1 at Verizon Arena in North Little Rock.   Discussion Fayetteville Flyer has specific guidelines for commenting. To avoid having your comment deleted -- or your commenting privileges revoked -- read our Comment Policy before you comment. Violators will be banned from commenting. Report a comment that violates the guidelines to contact@fayettevilleflyer.com. Commenters on the Flyer are responsible for all legal consequences arising from their comments, including libel, infringement of copyright or actions that threaten a third party. By submitting a comment, you agree to indemnify Wonderstate Media LLC, its partners and employees from any legal action arising from your comments. @fayflyer     » See all sponsor deals & specials Advertisements Get Email News Updates Receive an email with headlines for all the day’s stories on the Flyer. » Click to sign up Advertisements     LOCAL INFO   Deals & More Fire/Police Dispatch Logs Detention Intake Report   » See all ADVERTISEMENTS Flyer Sponsors » See all sponsors Sponsor Tweets Tweets from @fayflyer/flyer-sponsors Become a sponsor The Flyer focuses on free news that's specific to Fayetteville. Because of that, our readers are local, and they're loyal to the businesses that support their daily source of information. Let us help your company deliver its message to our ever-growing audience. To talk about becoming a sponsor, call 479-387-1002 or email us. About Legal Advertise Sponsors Contact © 2007-2017 Wonderstate Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman P2P Money Transfers to Drive Digital Payment Growth as Market Approaches $3.9 Trillion in 2017 Hampshire, UK – May 2, 2017 (Investorideas.com Newswire) A new study by Juniper Research has found the value of digital payments will approach $3.9 trillion this year, representing an increase of more than 14% on last year’s total. While the bulk of transaction value (55%) will be accounted for by online retail purchases for physical goods, P2P (Person to Person) money transfers will see the largest year-on-year net increase in value ($200 million). The new research, Digital Payment Strategies: Online, Mobile & Contactless 2017-2021, argued that the US would see particularly strong growth, with the bank-backed Zelle Network expected to build on its successful debut in 2016 as additional banks come on board. The research also emphasised that the demonetisation policies employed by India’s government had encouraged a surge in mobile wallet adoption and, with it, sharp increases in both P2P and mobile retail transactions. Wal-Mart Strengthening Online Play Meanwhile, the research anticipated that the US would see further strong growth in eRetail. Online US sales in 2016 were around 4% ahead of previous Juniper forecasts, thanks in large part to an increased emphasis by traditional bricks-and-mortar retailers in developing a converged online/offline approach. It cited the example of Wal-Mart, which currently realises less than 5% of sales through online channels, seeking to boost its market share through the development of an ‘innovation hub’ to drive retail opportunities. Bots to transform consumer experience Furthermore, the research argued that the rise of bots and other natural language interfaces was likely to transform the consumer-facing front end, offering an improved shopper experience. However, according to research author Dr Windsor Holden, the performance of the bot in customer service channels was critical. “Poorly trained bots will issue unhelpful responses, potentially resulting in customer churn away from a given brand or retailer”, he said. The complimentary whitepaper, Maximising the Digital Payments Opportunity 2017, is available to download from the Juniper website, together with further details of the full research and the attendant Interactive Forecast Excel (IFxl). Juniper Research is acknowledged as the leading analyst house in the digital commerce and fintech sector, delivering pioneering research into payments, banking and financial services for more than a decade. Contact: sam.smith@juniperresearch.com www.juniperresearch.com TechSectorStocks.com – investing ideas in tech stocks- mobile payments, social media, AI and Robotics, Drone Stocks, GPS and more Like Tech Stocks? View our Tech Stocks Directory More Info: This news is published on the Investorideas.com Newswire – a global digital news source for investors and business leaders Disclaimer/Disclosure: Investorideas.com is a digital publisher of third party sourced news, articles and equity research as well as creates original content, including video, interviews and articles. Original content created by investorideas is protected by copyright laws other than syndication rights. Our site does not make recommendations for purchases or sale of stocks, services or products. Nothing on our sites should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell products or securities. All investment involves risk and possible loss of investment. This site is currently compensated for news publication and distribution, social media and marketing, content creation and more. Contact each company directly regarding content and press release questions. Disclosure is posted for each compensated news release, content published /created if required but otherwise the news was not compensated for and was published for the sole interest of our readers and followers. More disclaimer info: http://www.investorideas.com/About/Disclaimer.asp Additional info regarding BC Residents and global Investors: Effective September 15 2008 – all BC investors should review all OTC and Pink sheet listed companies for adherence in new disclosure filings and filing appropriate documents with Sedar. Read for more info: http://www.bcsc.bc.ca/release.aspx?id=6894. Global investors must adhere to regulations of each country. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPayment Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Engagio Named to JMP Securities 2017 Hot 100 List of Privately Held Software Companies Next PostNext Author and Pulitzer Prize-Winning Journalist Fred Kaplan to Keynote the 10th Annual DFIR Summit in Austin, Texas Search Recent Posts Acoustic Doppler Current Profilers (ADCP) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price North America Diamond-Like Carbon Coating Market Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2022 Genium Consolidated Feed (GCF) – Test Environment GCF TST3 Available North America Biodiesel Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2022 Australian Employers are Getting Better at Supporting Working Parents RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Savvius, Inc. May 02, 2017 09:00 ET Major Retailers Choose Savvius Solutions Savvius network visibility and diagnostics solutions are perfectly suited to maintain performance of wired and wireless networks in retail environments WALNUT CREEK, CA--(Marketwired - May 2, 2017) - Savvius™, Inc., a leader in network visibility and performance diagnostics, has rapidly become a trusted provider of network performance management solutions to major U.S. retailers including Ross, Kroger, Safeway, Rite Aid, Walmart, and Chevron, plus more in Asia and Europe. The unique networking needs of the retail sector, which must deliver a uniform experience to a broad variety of users across a large number of locations, is a perfect fit for an integrated set of Savvius solutions that range from Savvius Insight™, a micro-appliance used in small retail locations, to the Omnipliance® T300, located in large datacenters across the country. "Retailers are under pressure to deliver a fast, reliable, and predictable shopping experience. They depend on the reliable, high-performance operation of wired and wireless networks in their stores, warehouses, offices and datacenters," said Patrick Johnston, Vice President of Worldwide Sales at Savvius. "Major retailers have been turning to Savvius because of our proven experience in these demanding and distributed environments. Coupled with our broad, integrated product line, it makes Savvius a partner they can rely on." Savvius Omnipliance® in the Datacenter Savvius Omnipliance® is the industry's highest-performing packet-capture and network analytics solution. Savvius Omnipliance solutions range from 10G and 40G interface solutions for backbone networks and datacenters to 1U, 4x1G solutions for midsize and regional offices, warehouses, and retail locations. With Savvius Omnipliance, network engineers and IT teams gain enterprise-class network visibility, application performance analysis, and performance diagnostics on multi-segment and multi-location networks. Each Omnipliance comes complete with award-winning Savvius Omnipeek software that provides expert troubleshooting and instant analysis of captured data, making it ideal for short- and long-term evaluation of network and application performance.  Savvius Omnipliance WiFi® in the Warehouse Specifically designed for large, open environments, Savvius Omnipliance WiFi® is the industry's only WLAN analysis solution that enables monitoring, analysis, and troubleshooting of multi-Gigabit-speed 802.11ac traffic by capturing data directly from non-dedicated Access Points (APs) in a warehouse or other high-utilitization location. Omnipliance WiFi analyzes and stores wireless traffic for days or even weeks, allowing IT staff and network engineers to monitor the environment's overall performance and isolate problems or intermittent events, analyze wireless conversations and authentications, and even find rogue APs. Savvius Insight™ for Remote Network Visibility For retail locations and smaller warehouses, Savvius Insight™ provides a host of network troubleshooting capabilities and benefits tailored to the needs of highly-distributed networks. Insight's small, fanless box with four 1G ports contains the full power of Savvius network analytics plus a complete ELK (Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana) stack for powerful, native reporting of key network performance indicators and long-term trending data. In the retail environment, Savvius Insight's ability to visualize, detect, and diagnose network issues at the edge of the network, where POS systems live, gives remotely-based IT teams the power to understand POS issues at the source. This visibility into POS traffic provides a critical advantage for retailers, helping them quickly determine whether they are experiencing malicious activity or merely a network or application issue causing a terminal to perform poorly. Savvius Omnipeek Remote Assistant for Remote Endpoint Troubleshooting For increased visibility at the edge of distributed networks, Savvius provides Omnipeek Remote Assistant (ORA) with every Omnipeek Enterprise edition at no additional charge. ORA is a fully secure remote packet capture tool that saves network engineers valuable time by not requiring them to travel to a user's location simply to capture network data for troubleshooting. A network team member simply emails the small ORA file to a person at the remote site, where the tool aggregates traffic from multiple wireless channels or wired segments into packet files. The encrypted results are then returned to the network analyst or engineer for analysis and troubleshooting. Whether used together, or individually, Savvius Omnipliance, Savvius Omnipliance WiFi, Savvius Insight and Omnipeek Remote Assistant deliver the network diagnostics and troubleshooting power that every retailer needs for visibility into their critical networks. For an appliance demo or software trial, visit: https://www.savvius.com/product_trials About Savvius Omnipliance WiFi Savvius Omnipliance WiFi is the only WLAN network packet capture and analysis appliance enabling network engineers to monitor, analyze and troubleshoot full Gigabit-speed 802.11ac enterprise-wide WLANs. https://www.savvius.com/products/network_visibility_performance_diagnostics/omnipliance_family/omnipliance_wifi About Savvius Insight Savvius Insight is the newest and smallest member of the Omnipliance family of network monitoring appliances, offering real-time enterprise-class network management for smaller networks. Savvius Insight can be easily installed inline at branch locations to collect key network performance indicators. These can be display on any web browser, eliminate travel to remote locations for network troubleshooting. https://www.savvius.com/products/network_visibility_performance_diagnostics/savvius_insight About Savvius, Inc. Savvius offers a range of powerful software and appliance products that automate the collection of critical network data for network forensics in security investigations and for network and application visibility and performance diagnostics. Savvius products are trusted by network and security professionals at over 6,000 companies in 60 countries around the world. Visit https://www.savvius.com for information about Savvius Omnipliance®, Savvius Omnipeek®, Savvius Vigil™, and Savvius Insight™, and to learn about Savvius technology and channel partners. Contact Information Media Contacts Savvius North America: Mark Chisholm +1-253-444-5477 Email Contact Savvius Europe: Susie Taylor +44-788-608-9041 Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Savvius, Inc. From this industry Computers and Software Retail Telecom From this sub-industry Hardware Internet Networking Security Apparel Appliances Consumer Electronics Consumer Interest Cosmetics and Accessories E-Commerce Furniture and Furnishings Supermarkets Wireless/Mobile See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links Savvius Home Page   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump North Korea ObamaCare Just In... House panel to vote on GOP Dodd-Frank rewrite Finance — 1h 51m ago Clinton brings up ‘Handmaid’s Tale’ in Planned Parenthood speech Blog Briefing Room — 3h 29m ago Trump: Comey 'the best thing' that happened to Clinton Blog Briefing Room — 3h 39m ago Pence: Budget deal 'no small accomplishment' for administration Finance — 4h 16m ago Ex-DNC chair: Obama's $400K speaking fee 'none of your business' News — 4h 17m ago Jeb Bush 'confident' he will win bid for MLB team In The Know — 4h 56m ago Conway rips Clinton's election loss explanation Administration — 5h 3m ago Tillerson headed to Alaska for Arctic Council meeting Administration — 5h 32m ago view all   Leader of powerful community bank lobby to retire By Megan R. Wilson - 05/02/17 10:29 AM EDT 1   © Getty Camden Fine, the outspoken head of the Independent Community Bankers of America (ICBA), is retiring next May, the industry group said on Tuesday. Fine has served as president and chief executive of the organization for almost 14 years, and is known for taking on corporate giants, including Wal-Mart and JPMorgan Chase & Co. “It’s just time,” he told the publication American Banker prior to the public announcement. “I’m an aging Baby Boomer. I think it’s time for the next generation of the community bank CEO with a different vision to write the next chapter of this association.” Rebeca Romero Rainey, the CEO of Centinel Bank in Taos, N.M, will be taking his place in May 2018. She has also served previously as a board chairman of the ICBA. Rainey now sits on the board of the Independent Community Bankers of New Mexico and formerly served as a president of the group. The organization is among the top lobbying spenders in the commercial banking sector, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. It spent about $4.4 million to lobby the federal government in 2016, landing only behind the American Bankers Association, Citigroup and Wells Fargo.  Fine, 66, was not afraid of ruffling feathers and cutting deals. He negotiated with lawmakers on the Dodd-Frank financial reform law when the rest of the banking industry strenuously opposed it. Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, penned an op-ed calling for large and small banks to work together.  Fine shot back, saying that Wall Street was trying to deflect the “too big to fail” criticism following the financial crisis. Dimon then called him a jerk on CNBC. Under Fine’s watch, the ICBA also led a successful charge and fierce lobbying effort against Wal-Mart’s attempt to get a banking charter from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. in 2004, which the industry feared could put them out of business. “They thought they’d have their bank charter by June,” Fine said in the interview with American Banker. “I told them, ‘Well, we’ll see about that.’ They kinda chuckled as they walked out the door. The rest is history.” His most important accomplishment over the years, Fine said in a press release, has been “ensuring that community bankers have a seat at every table in Washington — at the White House, with congressional leaders and with agency heads.” The overall theme of his tenure, as he tells it, is emphasizing to policymakers that community banks are different than their larger counterparts and should be treated accordingly. Even those who haven’t always seen eye-to-eye with Fine’s group, such as the American Bankers Association (ABA), complimented his leadership. Rob Nichols, the chief executive of the ABA who formerly helmed a group for bank CEOs, called Fine a “forceful and effective advocate for community banks,” while the leader of the Mortgage Bankers Association described him as a “a laser-focused and tireless advocate.” For example, community banks with less than $10 million in assets are not under the direct supervision of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, thanks to Fine, though they still must comply with regulations issued by the agency. Fine, within Dodd-Frank, also pushed for an increase in the deposit insurance limit to $250,000 and scored other victories for smaller banks. “For nearly 15 years, Cam provided ICBA with strong, effective and passionate leadership,” said Richard Hunt, the CEO of the Community Bankers Association, in a statement. “Thanks to our conversations about the banking industry, politics and our mutual love of baseball, I have developed a deep respect for Cam on both a professional and personal level.” Fine earned nearly $2.5 million in salary and benefits in 2014, according to the most recent tax forms available. As the organization moves forward, Fine appears confident it will have an ally in the Trump administration. The ICBA and hundreds of its members met with President Trump and other top officials last month, and Fine called it “the most open, free-flowing White House meeting I’ve ever attended.” Rainey, the incoming ICBA chief executive, was at the meeting that also included Vice President Pence, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. Afterward, Rainey told reporters that the president was “receptive to our thoughts and ideas about regulatory reform.” Trump promised to ensure that banking regulations going forward would be personalized to take smaller banks into consideration. “Current one-size-fits-all banking regulations have badly hurt America’s community banks,” the White House said in a release. Which is what Fine has been saying all along. This story was updated at 3:18 p.m.   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Spicer leaves White House briefing... White House press secretary Sean Spicer stunned reporters on Tuesday by... 190 Shares 2 Trump set to sign religious... President Trump has reportedly invited conservative leaders to visit the... 164 Shares 3 Trump raises stakes for next... Less than 48 hours after Congress reached a bipartisan deal on 2017... 154 Shares 4 GOP bill hung up on pre-existing... The bill is losing support over a provision inserted to win over the House... 150 Shares 5 Trump: US ‘needs a good shutdown’ President Trump on Tuesday called for a "good shutdown" in September to... 145 Shares 6 Conway rips Clinton's election... Kellyanne Conway, a top counselor to President Trump, tore into Hillary... 124 Shares 7 Lawmakers warn airlines: Shape up... “If changes aren’t made by the next hearing, I can assure you, you won’t... 116 Shares 8 Trump: 'Why was there the Civil... President Trump during an interview that airs Monday questioned why the... 112 Shares 9 Colbert unleashes insults '... Late-night host Stephen Colbert on Monday unleashed a wave of insults at... 88 Shares 10 Howard Stern: 'Nobody wanted... Howard Stern says President Trump is “being very honest” when he says he... 81 Shares 11 Schumer turns GOP tactics on Trump Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) capped off his first 100 days as Senate... 71 Shares 12 Dem: Trump crying shutdown because... President Trump’s statement that a “good shutdown” might be necessary for... 68 Shares 13 Trump drops the mother of all... OPINION | Denying libraries the funding to offer services in rural... 68 Shares 14 CNN: Trump ending Michelle Obama's... President Trump plans to end ‘Let Girls Learn,’ former first lady Michelle... 59 Shares 15 The Hill's Whip List: 22 GOP no... House Republicans have an updated bill to repeal and replace ObamaCare,... 58 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Major Retailers Choose Savvius Solutions Savvius network visibility and diagnostics solutions are perfectly suited to maintain performance of wired and wireless networks in retail environments WALNUT CREEK, CA–(Marketwired – May 2, 2017) – Savvius™, Inc., a leader in network visibility and performance diagnostics, has rapidly become a trusted provider of network performance management solutions to major U.S. retailers including Ross, Kroger, Safeway, Rite Aid, Walmart, and Chevron, plus more in Asia and Europe. The unique networking needs of the retail sector, which must deliver a uniform experience to a broad variety of users across a large number of locations, is a perfect fit for an integrated set of Savvius solutions that range from Savvius Insight™, a micro-appliance used in small retail locations, to the Omnipliance® T300, located in large datacenters across the country. „Retailers are under pressure to deliver a fast, reliable, and predictable shopping experience. They depend on the reliable, high-performance operation of wired and wireless networks in their stores, warehouses, offices and datacenters,” said Patrick Johnston, Vice President of Worldwide Sales at Savvius. „Major retailers have been turning to Savvius because of our proven experience in these demanding and distributed environments. Coupled with our broad, integrated product line, it makes Savvius a partner they can rely on.” Savvius Omnipliance® in the Datacenter Savvius Omnipliance® is the industry’s highest-performing packet-capture and network analytics solution. Savvius Omnipliance solutions range from 10G and 40G interface solutions for backbone networks and datacenters to 1U, 4x1G solutions for midsize and regional offices, warehouses, and retail locations. With Savvius Omnipliance, network engineers and IT teams gain enterprise-class network visibility, application performance analysis, and performance diagnostics on multi-segment and multi-location networks. Each Omnipliance comes complete with award-winning Savvius Omnipeek software that provides expert troubleshooting and instant analysis of captured data, making it ideal for short- and long-term evaluation of network and application performance.  Savvius Omnipliance WiFi® in the Warehouse Specifically designed for large, open environments, Savvius Omnipliance WiFi® is the industry’s only WLAN analysis solution that enables monitoring, analysis, and troubleshooting of multi-Gigabit-speed 802.11ac traffic by capturing data directly from non-dedicated Access Points (APs) in a warehouse or other high-utilitization location. Omnipliance WiFi analyzes and stores wireless traffic for days or even weeks, allowing IT staff and network engineers to monitor the environment’s overall performance and isolate problems or intermittent events, analyze wireless conversations and authentications, and even find rogue APs. Savvius Insight™ for Remote Network Visibility For retail locations and smaller warehouses, Savvius Insight™ provides a host of network troubleshooting capabilities and benefits tailored to the needs of highly-distributed networks. Insight’s small, fanless box with four 1G ports contains the full power of Savvius network analytics plus a complete ELK (Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana) stack for powerful, native reporting of key network performance indicators and long-term trending data. In the retail environment, Savvius Insight’s ability to visualize, detect, and diagnose network issues at the edge of the network, where POS systems live, gives remotely-based IT teams the power to understand POS issues at the source. This visibility into POS traffic provides a critical advantage for retailers, helping them quickly determine whether they are experiencing malicious activity or merely a network or application issue causing a terminal to perform poorly. Savvius Omnipeek Remote Assistant for Remote Endpoint Troubleshooting For increased visibility at the edge of distributed networks, Savvius provides Omnipeek Remote Assistant (ORA) with every Omnipeek Enterprise edition at no additional charge. ORA is a fully secure remote packet capture tool that saves network engineers valuable time by not requiring them to travel to a user’s location simply to capture network data for troubleshooting. A network team member simply emails the small ORA file to a person at the remote site, where the tool aggregates traffic from multiple wireless channels or wired segments into packet files. The encrypted results are then returned to the network analyst or engineer for analysis and troubleshooting. Whether used together, or individually, Savvius Omnipliance, Savvius Omnipliance WiFi, Savvius Insight and Omnipeek Remote Assistant deliver the network diagnostics and troubleshooting power that every retailer needs for visibility into their critical networks. For an appliance demo or software trial, visit: https://www.savvius.com/product_trials About Savvius Omnipliance WiFi Savvius Omnipliance WiFi is the only WLAN network packet capture and analysis appliance enabling network engineers to monitor, analyze and troubleshoot full Gigabit-speed 802.11ac enterprise-wide WLANs. https://www.savvius.com/products/network_visibility_performance_diagnostics/omnipliance_family/omnipliance_wifi About Savvius Insight Savvius Insight is the newest and smallest member of the Omnipliance family of network monitoring appliances, offering real-time enterprise-class network management for smaller networks. Savvius Insight can be easily installed inline at branch locations to collect key network performance indicators. These can be display on any web browser, eliminate travel to remote locations for network troubleshooting. https://www.savvius.com/products/network_visibility_performance_diagnostics/savvius_insight About Savvius, Inc. Savvius offers a range of powerful software and appliance products that automate the collection of critical network data for network forensics in security investigations and for network and application visibility and performance diagnostics. Savvius products are trusted by network and security professionals at over 6,000 companies in 60 countries around the world. Visit https://www.savvius.com for information about Savvius Omnipliance®, Savvius Omnipeek®, Savvius Vigil™, and Savvius Insight™, and to learn about Savvius technology and channel partners. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious „Litgrid“ strategija ir socialiai atsakingos veiklos ataskaita Next PostNext 2U, Inc. to Acquire GetSmarter Search Recent Posts Acoustic Doppler Current Profilers (ADCP) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price North America Diamond-Like Carbon Coating Market Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2022 Genium Consolidated Feed (GCF) – Test Environment GCF TST3 Available North America Biodiesel Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2022 Australian Employers are Getting Better at Supporting Working Parents RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Why your ‘organic’ milk may not be organic The Washington Post Peter Whoriskey 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 10 financial statistics that sum up average Americans Take a look inside the chain that's defying the retail apocalypse Click to expand Replay Video Medical marijuana is safe from a federal crackdown for now Congress included a provision in its new budget bill that says the Department of Justice can't spend money on medical marijuana prosecutions. Newsy Infosys is hiring thousands of American workers The Indian outsourcing firm announced it will hire 10,000 Americans for tech jobs in the U.S. over the next two years. CNBC The best things to buy in May Every month has both deals and duds when it comes to shopping. So what are the best buys and things to avoid for the month of May? Money Talks News SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Here's why you might be paying too much for organic milk The Washington Post See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Medical marijuana is safe from a federal crackdown for now Newsy1:02 Infosys is hiring thousands of American workers CNBC0:56 The best things to buy in May Money Talks News1:17 These counterfeit 'supernotes' almost tricked the Secret Service Science Channel1:35 Gander Mountain is closing a bunch of stores Veuer0:48 Interns at these companies are earning major cash Buzz601:14 The man who builds Lego for a living CNN Money1:55 This machine can't stop making bricks Business Insider1:05 Will consumer taste against cars continue? Bloomberg1:53 United CEO faces an angry Congress Associated Press2:07 These truck drivers rely on trade with Mexico. Are their jobs in jeopardy? The Washington Post3:20 US automakers see April sales decline Wochit Business0:35 Refurbs and rental jets in vogue for China's elite Reuters1:41 Does the airline industry need more competition? Fox Business2:38 Why Trump will consider a gas tax Fox Business1:15 Apple has more than $250 billion in the bank Veuer0:45 UP NEXT The High Plains dairy complex reflects the new scale of the U.S. organic industry: It is big. Quotes in the article DigitalGlobe Inc DGI ▼ 32.10 -0.15 -0.47% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 75.52 +0.29 +0.39% Costco Wholesale Corp COST ▲ 178.59 +0.73 +0.41% Graham Holdings Co GHC ▼ 603.85 -3.80 -0.63% AdChoices Stretching across miles of pastures and feedlots north of Greeley, Colo., the complex is home to more than 15,000 cows, making it more than 100 times the size of a typical organic herd. It is the main facility of Aurora Organic Dairy, a company that produces enough milk to supply the house brands of Walmart, Costco and other major retailers. “We take great pride in our commitment to organic, and in our ability to meet the rigorous criteria of the USDA organic regulations,” Aurora advertises. But a closer look at Aurora and other large operations highlights critical weaknesses in the unorthodox inspection system that the Agriculture Department uses to ensure that “organic” food is really organic. The U.S. organic market now counts more than $40 billion in annual sales and includes products imported from about 100 countries. To enforce the organic rules across this vast industry, the USDA allows farmers to hire and pay their own inspectors to certify them as “USDA Organic.” Industry defenders say enforcement is robust. But the problems at an entity such as Aurora suggest that even large, prominent players can fall short of standards without detection. With milk, the critical issue is grazing. Organic dairies are required to allow the cows to graze daily throughout the growing season — that is, the cows are supposed to be grass-fed, not confined to barns and feedlots. This method is considered more natural and alters the constituents of the cows’ milk in ways consumers deem beneficial. Load Error But during visits by The Washington Post to Aurora’s High Plains complex across eight days last year, signs of grazing were sparse, at best. Aurora said its animals were out on pasture day and night, but during most Post visits the number of cows seen on pasture numbered only in the hundreds. At no point was any more than 10 percent of the herd out. A high-resolution satellite photo taken in mid-July by Digital Globe, a space imagery vendor, shows a typical situation — only a few hundred on pasture. In response, Aurora spokeswoman Sonja Tuitele dismissed the Post visits as anomalies and “drive-bys.” “The requirements of the USDA National Organic Program allow for an extremely wide range of grazing practices that comply with the rule,” Tuitele said by email. The milk from Aurora also indicates that its cows may not graze as required by organic rules. Testing conducted for The Post by Virginia Tech scientists shows that on a key indicator of grass-feeding, the Aurora milk matched conventional milk, not organic. Tuitele dismissed the tests as “isolated.” Finally, The Post contacted the inspectors who visited Aurora’s High Plains dairy and certified it as “USDA Organic.” Did the inspectors have evidence that the Aurora cows met the grazing requirement? It turns out that they were poorly positioned to know. The inspectors conducted the annual audit well after grazing season — in November. That means that during the annual audit, inspectors would not have seen whether the cows were grazing as required, a breach of USDA inspection policy. “We would expect that inspectors are out there during the grazing season,” said Miles McEvoy, chief of the National Organic Program at the USDA. He said that the grazing requirement is “a critical compliance component of an organic livestock operation.” Tuitele said: “We take these assertions very seriously, as we are a 100% certified organic producer, and our organic practices are the cornerstone of our operations.” If organic farms violate organic rules, consumers are being misled and overcharged. In the case of milk, consumers pay extra — often double — when the carton says “USDA Organic,” in the belief they are getting something different. Organic dairy sales amounted to $6 billion last year in the United States.© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post The failure to comply with organic standards also harms other farms, many of them small. Following the rules costs extra because grazing requires more land and because cows that dine on grass typically produce less milk. Whether an organic dairy is grazing its herd is relatively easy to see, especially if roads crisscross its pastures. It is more difficult, however, for outsiders to judge whether a dairy is following other organic rules — such as those regarding hormones and organic feed. Ten years ago, after a complaint from a consumer group, Aurora faced USDA allegations that it breached organic rules regarding grazing and other issues. The USDA charged that Aurora was in “willful violation” of organic standards, but a settlement agreement allowed it to continue to operate. There have been no charges since then. But some small organic dairy farmers say that the new, large organic dairies that have popped up in the West are violating standards. On visits across several days to seven large organic operations in Texas and New Mexico in 2015, a Post reporter saw similarly empty pastures. It was difficult to determine where their milk winds up on retail shelves, however, so no chemical tests were pursued. “About half of the organic milk sold in the U.S. is coming from very large factory farms that have no intention of living up to organic principles,” said Mark Kastel of the Cornucopia Institute, a Wisconsin-based nonprofit group representing thousands of organic farmers. “Thousands of small organic farmers across the United States depend on the USDA organic system working. Unfortunately, right now, it’s not working for small farmers or for consumers.” * * *© Matt McClain/The Washington Post The “USDA Organic” seal that appears on food packaging — essentially a USDA guarantee of quality — was created by federal rules in 2000. Until then, convincing customers that a product was “organic” could be a murky proposition — everyone relied on informal definitions of organic and informal measures of trust. The “USDA Organic” seal changed that, standardizing concepts and setting rules. It has proved a boon: Organic food sales rose from about $6 billion annually in 2000 to $40 billion in 2015, according to the Organic Trade Association. The integrity of the new label, however, rested on an unusual system of inspections. Under organic rules, the USDA typically does not inspect farms. Instead, farmers hire their own inspectors from lists of private companies and other organizations licensed by the USDA. An inspector makes an annual visit, arranged days or weeks in advance. Only 5 percent of inspections are expected to be done unannounced. To keep the inspectors honest, the USDA reviews the records of each inspection outfit about every 2½ years. This inspection system saves the USDA money because it does not have to hire many inspectors. The compliance and enforcement team at the USDA National Organic Program has nine people — one for every $4 billion in sales. McEvoy acknowledged that having farmers choose their inspection companies is “fairly unique” within the USDA, but he noted that rising sales show that consumers “trust the organic label.” Others have doubts. Cornucopia publishes its own scorecard of organic dairies because, its officials say, the USDA has failed to weed out the bad. “Consumers look at that cartoon label on organic milk with a happy cow on green pasture with a red barn, but that’s not always the reality,” said Katherine Paul of the Organic Consumers Association. “What we’ve said all along is that organic milks are not created equal, and your results show that.” * * * Many dairies much smaller than Aurora have come to rely on the “USDA Organic” label, investing in the opportunity it represents. Several years ago, for example, Bobby Prigel, a fourth-generation dairyman with a 300-acre spread of rolling pastures and white plank fences in northern Maryland, made the switch. With milk prices declining and feed costs rising, Prigel figured he had to try something different. The herd had been in the barn area for decades, munching feed. One day he shooed them out to pasture. Here’s the funny thing, he said: His cows seemed confused. Though cows are natural grazers — like the wild aurochs they descended from — the grazing instincts of his cows had been dulled.© Matt McClain/The Washington Post Bobby Prigel rounds up cows in 2015 in Glen Arm, Md. “They didn’t really know how to graze at first — they didn’t know how to bend down and get grass with their tongues,” Prigel said during a break on his farm. Nor were they accustomed to walking much. Prigel, meanwhile, had to make economic adjustments. Producing milk according to the “USDA Organic” standard costs more. To begin with, organic cows cannot be given hormones to stimulate milk production. And any feed or pasture for the cows must be organic — that is, grown without most synthetic pesticides. Second, to be considered organic, cows must obtain a certain percentage of their diet from grazing. Prigel is a purist and feeds his herd entirely from the pasture, but most organic dairies supplement the pasture with corn, soybeans or other grains, even during the grazing season. The grazing requirement makes milk more costly to produce because it requires a certain amount of pasture land and because a grazing cow produces less milk than one eating a grain diet optimized for milk production. With grass-fed cows, “there’s just not nearly as much milk,” Prigel said. On the upside, a farmer can sell certified organic milk for almost double the price of conventional, and there are other benefits: The milk is measurably different, and according to the USDA, it improves cow health and reduces the environmental impacts of agriculture. Moreover, because grazing is natural cow behavior, some say it is more humane. “Cows aren’t supposed to stay inside and eat corn,” Prigel said. * * * The grazing season typically runs from spring until the first frost. To evaluate the Aurora operation, The Post visited the High Plains dairy complex eight days during that period — three in August, three in September and two in October. Roads crisscross the farm, allowing a view of the fields. The Post’s visits ranged from about 45 minutes to as long as 10 hours. In addition, in July, a satellite for Digital Globe snapped a high-resolution photo of the area. Each of those 10 days, only a very small portion of the 15,000-cow herd was seen on pastures. Many more were seen in feedlots. In response, Aurora officials said that during the grazing season the cows are on pasture both day and night. Maybe, they said, on those days, the cows were elsewhere, being milked or otherwise tended. However, The Post visited at different times of the day, sometimes twice in a day. Because the cows are milked in shifts, thousands of them should be out at any given time, other organic farmers said.© Matt McClain/The Washington Post Bobby Prigel at home in 2015. Aurora did say that it stopped its grazing season on Sept. 30, so it’s not surprising no cows were seen on the two days in October. Aurora officials said they did so after exceeding the minimum of 120 grazing days. But the USDA says organic cows should graze throughout the grazing season, and the first frost was not until Oct. 20 in that area, according to weather records. To see whether a lack of grazing was apparent in the milk, The Post turned to Virginia Tech dairy science professor Benjamin Corl, who analyzed eight milks, some organic, some not, and all bottled during grazing season. He performed the tests without knowing the brand names of the samples. Grass-fed cows tend to produce milk with elevated levels of two types of fat. One of the distinguishing fats is conjugated linoleic acid, or CLA, which some regard as the clearest indicator of grass feeding. The other is an Omega-3 fat known as alpha-linolenic acid. Both have been associated with health benefits in humans, although the amounts found in milk are relatively small. Another type of fat — linoleic acid, an Omega-6 fat — tends to be sparser in milks that are pasture-fed. The results: Prigel’s milk stood out for its grassy origins. It ranked at the top for CLA and was a distant last for linoleic acid. The milk from Snowville Creamery, another brand that boasts of pasture grazing, ranked second for CLA. “Those two milks stood out like sore thumbs,” Corl said. “You can tell those animals have been on grass.” At the other extreme were the conventional milks — from 365 and Lucerne. They ranked, as expected, at the bottom for the fats associated with grass feeding and at the top for the fat associated with conventional feeding. Large organic brands — Horizon and Organic Valley — ranked roughly in between the extremes for two of the three measures. As for Aurora’s milk, it was very close to conventional milk. On two of the three measures, CLA and linoleic acid, it was pretty much the same as conventional milk. On the third measure, alpha-linolenic acid, Aurora ranked slightly better than the conventional milks but below the other “USDA Organic” samples. The milk tested by The Post had been processed at Aurora’s Colorado processing plant, according to the number stamped on the bottle. More than 80 percent of the milk that Aurora sells is produced at its own farms; it also purchases milk from other dairies, according to the company. It was not the first time that Aurora milk tested poorly for signs of grass feeding. In 2008, the Milkweed, a dairy economics report, compared Aurora’s milk with other organic milks. Of 10 organic milks ranked for the fats associated with grass feeding, Aurora’s was last. “There has been an obvious failure by USDA to enforce the organic pasture standard,” Pete Hardin, editor and publisher of the Milkweed, said in a recent interview.© Matt McClain/The Washington Post A large organic operation in Texas, one of seven The Washington Post visited in Texas and New Mexico in 2015. * * * Tuitele, the Aurora spokeswoman, dismissed the milk tests and declined to comment in depth on them, saying that they were “isolated” and that there are “so many variables that are unknown.” She suggested that Aurora milk may have tested differently not because of a lack of grazing but because Colorado pastures may have different plants. But milks from the Rocky Mountain region and those from the Mid-Atlantic vary little, according to a 2013 study of organic milks published in PLOS One. Aurora’s inspectors also stood by Aurora’s milk. While most inspectors are private organizations, Aurora hired staff from the Colorado Department of Agriculture, which it pays about $13,000 annually. When asked about the Aurora inspection being done after grazing season, an official with the state agency initially suggested that other audits may have been conducted at High Plains last year. But Tuitele later wrote that the November visit was the only audit of its High Plains complex last year. Aurora and its inspectors have been under scrutiny before. About 10 years ago, the USDA launched an investigation into Aurora’s organic practices. In April 2007, the USDA said it had identified “willful violations” of organic rules by the dairy. Aurora had, among other things, for three years “failed to provide a total feed ration that included pasture.” The USDA proposed revoking Aurora’s organic status. It also proposed suspending the Colorado Department of Agriculture from certifying organic livestock “due to the nature and extent of these violations.” Four months later, though, the case was resolved. Aurora pledged to make improvements and was allowed to continue operating. It issued a news release saying that the USDA had “dismissed the complaints . . . following an extensive review” — a finding contrary to the view at the USDA, which issued a news release saying “the complaint was not dismissed.” It noted that the consent agreement called for Aurora to “make major changes.” For its part, the Colorado Department of Agriculture agreed “to make several changes in its operation,” including hiring more personnel and adding staff training, according to a USDA news release. Aurora also settled a related class-action lawsuit for $7.5 million in 2012 and said it did not admit wrongdoing. Since then, Aurora, already gargantuan, has continued to grow. In recent months it has been considering an expansion in Columbia, Mo., that may rely on milk from as many as 30,000 cows, according to local media coverage. The growth of mega-dairies that may fall short of organic standards and produce cheaper milk appears to be crushing many small dairies, some analysts said. “The mom and pop — the smaller traditional family dairies — who are following the pasture rules are seeing their prices erode,” said Hardin, the Milkweed editor. “It is creating a heck of a mess.” Will Costello in Greeley contributed to this report. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Washington Post Tiger Woods shoots down injury speculation after dismal round in Dubai The Washington Post What does this Virginia neighborhood have in common with Disney World? The Washington Post Pension plans in peril The Washington Post The Washington Post View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Savvius, Inc. May 02, 2017 09:00 ET Major Retailers Choose Savvius Solutions Savvius network visibility and diagnostics solutions are perfectly suited to maintain performance of wired and wireless networks in retail environments WALNUT CREEK, CA--(Marketwired - May 2, 2017) - Savvius™, Inc., a leader in network visibility and performance diagnostics, has rapidly become a trusted provider of network performance management solutions to major U.S. retailers including Ross, Kroger, Safeway, Rite Aid, Walmart, and Chevron, plus more in Asia and Europe. The unique networking needs of the retail sector, which must deliver a uniform experience to a broad variety of users across a large number of locations, is a perfect fit for an integrated set of Savvius solutions that range from Savvius Insight™, a micro-appliance used in small retail locations, to the Omnipliance® T300, located in large datacenters across the country. "Retailers are under pressure to deliver a fast, reliable, and predictable shopping experience. They depend on the reliable, high-performance operation of wired and wireless networks in their stores, warehouses, offices and datacenters," said Patrick Johnston, Vice President of Worldwide Sales at Savvius. "Major retailers have been turning to Savvius because of our proven experience in these demanding and distributed environments. Coupled with our broad, integrated product line, it makes Savvius a partner they can rely on." Savvius Omnipliance® in the Datacenter Savvius Omnipliance® is the industry's highest-performing packet-capture and network analytics solution. Savvius Omnipliance solutions range from 10G and 40G interface solutions for backbone networks and datacenters to 1U, 4x1G solutions for midsize and regional offices, warehouses, and retail locations. With Savvius Omnipliance, network engineers and IT teams gain enterprise-class network visibility, application performance analysis, and performance diagnostics on multi-segment and multi-location networks. Each Omnipliance comes complete with award-winning Savvius Omnipeek software that provides expert troubleshooting and instant analysis of captured data, making it ideal for short- and long-term evaluation of network and application performance.  Savvius Omnipliance WiFi® in the Warehouse Specifically designed for large, open environments, Savvius Omnipliance WiFi® is the industry's only WLAN analysis solution that enables monitoring, analysis, and troubleshooting of multi-Gigabit-speed 802.11ac traffic by capturing data directly from non-dedicated Access Points (APs) in a warehouse or other high-utilitization location. Omnipliance WiFi analyzes and stores wireless traffic for days or even weeks, allowing IT staff and network engineers to monitor the environment's overall performance and isolate problems or intermittent events, analyze wireless conversations and authentications, and even find rogue APs. Savvius Insight™ for Remote Network Visibility For retail locations and smaller warehouses, Savvius Insight™ provides a host of network troubleshooting capabilities and benefits tailored to the needs of highly-distributed networks. Insight's small, fanless box with four 1G ports contains the full power of Savvius network analytics plus a complete ELK (Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana) stack for powerful, native reporting of key network performance indicators and long-term trending data. In the retail environment, Savvius Insight's ability to visualize, detect, and diagnose network issues at the edge of the network, where POS systems live, gives remotely-based IT teams the power to understand POS issues at the source. This visibility into POS traffic provides a critical advantage for retailers, helping them quickly determine whether they are experiencing malicious activity or merely a network or application issue causing a terminal to perform poorly. Savvius Omnipeek Remote Assistant for Remote Endpoint Troubleshooting For increased visibility at the edge of distributed networks, Savvius provides Omnipeek Remote Assistant (ORA) with every Omnipeek Enterprise edition at no additional charge. ORA is a fully secure remote packet capture tool that saves network engineers valuable time by not requiring them to travel to a user's location simply to capture network data for troubleshooting. A network team member simply emails the small ORA file to a person at the remote site, where the tool aggregates traffic from multiple wireless channels or wired segments into packet files. The encrypted results are then returned to the network analyst or engineer for analysis and troubleshooting. Whether used together, or individually, Savvius Omnipliance, Savvius Omnipliance WiFi, Savvius Insight and Omnipeek Remote Assistant deliver the network diagnostics and troubleshooting power that every retailer needs for visibility into their critical networks. For an appliance demo or software trial, visit: https://www.savvius.com/product_trials About Savvius Omnipliance WiFi Savvius Omnipliance WiFi is the only WLAN network packet capture and analysis appliance enabling network engineers to monitor, analyze and troubleshoot full Gigabit-speed 802.11ac enterprise-wide WLANs. https://www.savvius.com/products/network_visibility_performance_diagnostics/omnipliance_family/omnipliance_wifi About Savvius Insight Savvius Insight is the newest and smallest member of the Omnipliance family of network monitoring appliances, offering real-time enterprise-class network management for smaller networks. Savvius Insight can be easily installed inline at branch locations to collect key network performance indicators. These can be display on any web browser, eliminate travel to remote locations for network troubleshooting. https://www.savvius.com/products/network_visibility_performance_diagnostics/savvius_insight About Savvius, Inc. Savvius offers a range of powerful software and appliance products that automate the collection of critical network data for network forensics in security investigations and for network and application visibility and performance diagnostics. Savvius products are trusted by network and security professionals at over 6,000 companies in 60 countries around the world. Visit https://www.savvius.com for information about Savvius Omnipliance®, Savvius Omnipeek®, Savvius Vigil™, and Savvius Insight™, and to learn about Savvius technology and channel partners. Contact Information Media Contacts Savvius North America: Mark Chisholm +1-253-444-5477 Email Contact Savvius Europe: Susie Taylor +44-788-608-9041 Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Savvius, Inc. From this industry Computers and Software Retail Telecom From this sub-industry Hardware Internet Networking Security Apparel Appliances Consumer Electronics Consumer Interest Cosmetics and Accessories E-Commerce Furniture and Furnishings Supermarkets Wireless/Mobile See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links Savvius Home Page   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Back Comprehensive, authoritative and easy to digest, Econsultancy’s award-winning research offers practical advice on all aspects of digital business, marketing and ecommerce. Subscribe Now Research Best Practice Best Practice Guides Elearning Analyst-led Roundtables Toolkits and Templates Market Data Internet Statistics Compendium Survey Reports Supplier Selection Supplier Directory RFPs Top 100 Digital Agencies Report Trends & Innovation Case Studies Database Digital Shift Trends Reports Browse all Research Research Best Practice Best Practice Guides Elearning Analyst-led Roundtables Toolkits and Templates Market Data Internet Statistics Compendium Survey Reports Supplier Selection Supplier Directory RFPs Top 100 Digital Agencies Report Trends & Innovation Case Studies Database Digital Shift Trends Reports Browse all Research Channels Advertising Content Customer Experience Data & Analytics Ecommerce Email & eCRM Mobile Search Marketing Social Strategy & Operations B2B Innovation & Trends Econsultancy subscriptions are designed to help individuals and teams make the most of digital. Find out more Subscriber Research & Data Featured The best social stories and campaigns from April 2017 2 May 2017 Social commerce: Why basic bots and buy buttons are not enough 27 Apr 2017 10 tremendous digital marketing stats from this week 21 Apr 2017 More from our Blog Econsultancy Newsletter Our market-leading Daily Pulse newsletter is an invaluable source for digital and ecommerce analysis, inspiration and learning. View a sample Daily Pulse Latest digital marketing and ecommerce insight from multi- award-winning team of analysts and experts. Popular blog tags More from our Blog Blog Future of Digital Marketing London The Digitals Awards Ceremony Festival of Marketing Events Types Conferences Digital Shift Awards Roundtables Webinars Event Types Conferences Digital Shift Awards Roundtables Webinars Find out more Digital Cream Econsultancy's Digital Cream is one of the landmark industry moderated roundtable events for marketers. Sydney, September 2017 Singapore, November 2017 Festival of Marketing London, October 2016 The Masters of Marketing Awards London, October 2016 Featured Events The Masters of Marketing Awards London, October 2017 Festival of Marketing London, October 2017 Supercharged: Marketers and Machines London, July 2017 Digital Transformation Annual Conference: Talent and Culture London, June 2017 View all Events Econsultancy regularly hosts exciting and informative events for multi-disciplines all over the globe. Find out more Events Public Training Courses Custom Training Elearning Digital Skills Index Training Navigator Public Training Courses Regular training courses run globally for individuals across all digital topics including Search, Ecommerce, Email, Analytics and more. Custom Training Your team is not like any other. You're addressing specific challenges and opportunities with a particular skill set. That's where our bespoke, in-company digital training comes in. Elearning Econsultancy's elearning modules offer a comprehensive and convenient introduction to core digital marketing and ecommerce skills when you or your team need to get up to speed quickly. Online Classroom The Econsultancy Online Classroom provides all the advantages of our face-to-face training, with the added benefit of a flexible, online format that allows you to learn wherever you are. Accessible now as an upgrade to the Econsultancy subscription. Digital Skills Index Lite Identify your knowledge gaps and compare yourself with your peers. Training Navigator Find the ideal training course for you. Featured Training Fast Track Digital Marketing Intensive: Mastering eCRM Mobile UX (User Experience) & Marketing Programmatic View all Training Courses Up-to-date and relevant training from our passionate researchers, analysts, consultants and practitioners. Find out more Training Econsultancy's Digital Transformation programme helps companies identify the gaps between where they are and where they need to be, then closes them. Find out more Digital Skills Assessment Identify your team’s knowledge gaps and get benchmarked against others in your industry. Digital Maturity Audit Uncover areas of weaknesses in your digital capabilities with a clear scoring framework to address these factors. Econsultancy's Digital Transformation helps the world's biggest brands accelerate their journey to digital excellence. Find out more Transformation Jobs Find a Supplier Search our directory containing profiles of organisations, including agencies, consultancies, technology vendors, freelancers and contractors, who provide digital marketing or ecommerce services, solutions or technology. Add your Supplier Profile To get found and noticed you’ll need a Full Profile. Get a Full Profile today and you could benefit from up to 400 leads per year. Supplier Selection Our Research Buyer's Guides, RFPs and Agency Top 100 to help you find a supplier. Advice If you're transforming your organisation's digital capabilities, skills and resources, talk to us. Econsultancy's Supplier Directory contains over 2,000 suppliers and is growing all the time. Find Out More Supplier Directory Blog Email Marketing Twitter Facebook Events Conferences Awards Roundtables Digital Shift Webinars Briefings Social Events Training Public Training Courses Custom Training Elearning Digital Skills Index More Transformation Supplier Directory Press Releases About Econsultancy Contact Us More Log In Email Password Remember me I've forgotten my password or need to reset it Not registered with us? Register for free In: Back {{ filter.name }} ({{ filter.count | formatThousends }}) Filter by: Back {{ searchResult.type }} {{ searchResult.published_at | date:'d MMMM yyyy' }} Show more Loading ... {{ item.title }} {{ item.short_summary }} {{ em.name }}{{ $last ? '' : ',' }} Show more Loading ... Enter a search term such as “mobile analytics” or browse our content using the filters above. That’s not only a poor Scrabble score but we also couldn’t find any results matching “”. Check your spelling or try broadening your search. Sorry about this, there is a problem with our search at the moment. Please try again later. You are here: Blog Share 2 May, 2017 Four digital commerce lessons from fashion retailer Bonobos By Bart Mroz 0 comments Bonobos isn't just any menswear retailer; it's a fast-growing direct-to-consumer brand that's now on Walmart's radar for a potential $300m acquisition thanks to its savvy digital commerce tactics. Many upstart ecommerce brands have great products and great ideas. But winning market share is no walk in the park. To win in the world of ecommerce, digital execution has to be flawless, and there has to be something distinctive that keeps customers coming back to buy. The site’s user interface is probably the top make-or-break factor, but there are other keys to success as well.  One young brand that has impressed me since its debut a few years ago is Bonobos, a men’s apparel brand that has grown from zero to $100m of revenue in just one decade. Since it started back in 2007, Bonobos has been doing a lot of things right and pioneering strategies that have proven to be effective. 1. Design product pages strategically Each product page on Bonobos' website has a clean, elegant design – on both desktop and mobile versions. With 45% of ecommerce traffic now taking place through mobile, it’s non-negotiable to design product pages to be mobile-friendly. Each pair of pants is professionally photographed, and, even on a small screen, Bonobos has made it easy to navigate and toggle between different colors. The product info is prominently displayed, with links to a fit guide and FAQs nearby. When the customer is ready to buy, the website allows the customer to enter shipping and billing information all on the same page, meaning they can complete a purchase in just a couple clicks.     This is important, because many ecommerce websites require that same information to be entered over the course of multiple different page loads, making it more likely that the customer will abandon the cart and the company will lose the sale. 2. Play to your strengths and do one thing really well Bonobos got its start because one of the founders, Brian Spaley, had a knack for tailoring men’s pants and creating a comfortable waistline. The concept was unique, and it ended up being the company’s main value proposition. The takeaway for aspiring ecommerce brands is that it pays to start by doing one thing really well. Today, Bonobos sells all sorts of men’s apparel, including shirts, shoes, ties, jackets, and more. But if it had started producing all of that back in 2007, the company might never have taken off like it did. Bonobos did one thing really well and built a brand around it. That simplicity informs the whole brand, and it even helps simplify customer service too. Besides, whenever you are ready to scale your product offering, it’s a lot easier to convince people to buy your shirt when they’re already loyal customers of your pants. Invest early in creating a handful of flagship products that will attract and retain a cult-like following. You can always build out from there. 3. Leverage customer service as an opportunity for customer experience  Bonobos has also excelled in the area of customer experience, specifically customer service. It’s rooted in an entirely different philosophy about what customer service can achieve for the company. Whenever a customer has an issue with a Bonobos order, there’s no 1-800 number that sends customer calls to a contracted offshore call center where agents might not even be familiar with the product. Rather, customers interact through phone, email, or even chat with highly knowledgeable in-country staff — Bonobos calls them “Ninjas” — who expertly and meticulously handle each customer. The idea is that customer service isn’t an operational expense, but rather a business investment. So instead of being a nuisance, customer service issues are a second opportunity to engage customers in a highly positive experience with the the brand.  4. Use stores as touchpoints for product discovery and customer experience Unlike traditional companies, whose business model focused on attracting as many customers as possible into a physical store and later shifted to include online buying options, Bonobos and other upstart brands are native to the online environment. But Bonobos recognized early on that the convenience of online shopping wasn’t enough to win business. Many customers still want to feel, see, and try on products as well as receive individualized attention from a Bonobos staff member. So in 2012, Bonobos opened the first Guideshop, where customers can experience products in-person instead of just through a screen. The Guideshops function as an uncrowded service hub where customers make appointments, return any past purchases, try on new items, and complete purchases, which then get shipped directly to their homes. In the ecommerce era, we can expect to see more brands take this “reversed” approach, which mitigates a lot of fixed costs (particularly the cost of renting and maintaining a storefront) early on, when companies are more focused on hiring staff, developing initial supply chains and operations management, and overseeing product manufacturers. A retailer for the new age of retail In the world of retail, few things have had as democratizing an effect as ecommerce. The old status quo has been turned on its head, and a new age of discovering and buying new products is finally upon us. For aspiring ecommerce entrepreneurs, building a company is a long, hard journey, but now is still a good time to get into the space. Look to companies like Bonobos that are pioneering new business strategies and making waves by designing environments — both digital and physical — that make shopping a delight. For more on this topic, see: Four digital priorities for retailers in 2017 Six iconic retailers and their digital transformation journeys Published 2 May, 2017 by Bart Mroz Bart is CEO and Co-founder of SUMO Heavy, a digital commerce consultancy, and a contributor to Econsultancy. You can follow him on Twitter or connect via LinkedIn. 7 more posts from this author 0 comments Customer Experience, Ecommerce, Retail, Technology, Media & Telecoms, US, Americas Comments (0) Comment 
 Log in or sign up to post this comment Send me notifications of follow up comments Save or Cancel Insight delivered daily to your inbox Our market-leading Daily Pulse newsletter is an invaluable source for digital and ecommerce analysis, inspiration and learning. Advertise here » Posts trending now The top four technologies for improving customer experience in India about 5 hours ago How airline brands are improving customer experience in-flight 7 days ago Three ways the Internet of Things will improve business efficiency by harnessing big data 6 days ago Enjoying this article? Get more just like this, delivered to your inbox. Keep up to date with the latest analysis, inspiration and learning from the Econsultancy blog with our free Daily Pulse newsletter. Each weekday, you ll receive a hand-picked digest of the latest and greatest articles, as well as snippets of new market data, best practice guides and trends research. Most Popular Research Template Files for Digital Marketing and Web Projects Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide: 70 Ways to Increase Conversion Rates Popular Report Topics Organic/Natural Search (SEO) Social Ecommerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Ecommerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Organic/Natural Search (SEO) Social Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability Ecommerce More Blog Events Training Supplier Directory About Us Our Team Marketing Solutions Clients Contact Privacy & Cookies Policy Website Terms and Conditions Site Map Copyright © 2017 Econsultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Part of
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating Subscribe ALL Crime Emergency Services Transport Health Politics Business Education Jobs Major investment for Nottingham tech firm that works with Asda and Waitrose By DanRobinson  |  Posted: May 02, 2017   0 COMMENTS   SHARES Liz Lesquereux, head of business and local partnerships at the University of Nottingham, and S4RB managing director James Butcher Major investment for Nottingham tech firm that works with Asda and Waitrose X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / Liz Lesquereux, head of business and local partnerships at the University of Nottingham, and S4RB managing director... Ban for 'erratic' drink driver who had taken cocaine 1 House bricks thrown through front window of Notts home 1 Busy town centre road to shut for emergency gas works 1 Comments (0) Asda, Waitrose and Walmart are among the supermarkets that benefit from Solutions for Retail Brands' (S4RB) technology – and the Nottingham firm will further develop its 'pioneering' software after securing a six-figure investment. The business, which creates and manages solutions for retailers to improve relationships with their own label suppliers and customers, received the capital boost from the N2 Business Growth Programme. It will help drive forward its cloud-based software, which enables retailers and suppliers to work as one team while continually developing their products. The investment, which follows a seven-figure injection from private equity investment manager Foresight Group last year, is expected to create nine new jobs over the next 18 months - taking its workforce to beyond 50 staff. Jobs latest: Find the latest vacancies in Nottingham here S4RB managing director James Butcher said: "Nottingham has a thriving technology community, thanks to the high number of tech firms and outstanding education facilities. "It is always rewarding to receive local recognition, and the team is really excited about taking our product forward. "Supermarkets are responsible for thousands of own label products, so it can be a real challenge for the teams to manage these in the time they have. "This project is about making the process more automated so they can identify issues with the products much earlier on. "Instead of waiting for a customer to make a complaint, they can see exactly what is happening and take appropriate action." S4RB, based in Queensbridge Road, celebrated its 10th anniversary last year by expanding its office and rebranding. It followed a 106 percent increase in its multi-million pound turnover and 144 percent boost in staff numbers in the previous three years. The company launched its Unified Brand Experience (UBX) Cloud Services software at Oracle OpenWorld, in San Francisco, in 2014 after receiving initial funding from the N'Tech Nottingham Technology Fund and Creative England. Read more: New Sainsbury's Local planned for closed West Bridgford petrol station - creating up to 20 jobs It helps frontline retail staff to access information about products and suppliers so they can help engage with customers, while also staying in contact with suppliers to quickly resolve issues. There are now plans to use intelligent data analytics to provide retailers and their suppliers with deeper insights, making it clearer where they need to focus their attention. At the end of last year, the Foresight Group provided an additional seven-figure sum to enable S4RB to further develop the software and grow its presence in the North American market. The firm has now received funding from the N2 Business Growth Programme, which is delivered in partnership by the University of Nottingham, University of Derby and business consultancy service EMB Group. It is part-funded by the Government's Regional Growth Fund and the European Regional Development Fund. Liz Lesquereux, head of business and local partnerships at the University of Nottingham, said: "The N2 Business Growth Fund has been established to encourage and facilitate innovation and growth within local companies. "We are delighted to support S4RB in the development of their new software, which is leading to the creation of new jobs in Nottingham." Report this article Read more from Nottingham Post Most Recent Most Commented Ban for 'erratic' drink driver who had taken cocaine House bricks thrown through front window of Notts home Busy town centre road to shut for emergency gas works Anti-abortion campaigners hold 'silent vigil' on Trent Bridge Couple had 'nightmare' cruise after their suitcase was placed on... Nottingham Forest's relegation decider against Ipswich Town will... Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs DARS Support Worker Salary : NJC Scale point 26 - £23,166 pro rata Science Technician Salary : Grade 6 Head of Careers & Work Related Learning Salary : Good Rates of Pay Grounds Maintenance Operative Salary : Good Learning Support Assistant Salary : £10,360  Finance Assistant Salary : FTE Salary Redhill Trust Band 7 £18,110 - £19,990 pa Bookkeeper Salary : Competitive PANEL BEATER/ PREPPER  Salary : Competitive Digital Content Editor/Writer Salary : £23k-£28k Plumber/Plumbing and Heating Engineers Salary : £34,322 PAYE Experienced Tractor Driver/ Farm Worker Salary : Excellent rates of pay Project Support Worker – Safeguarding Salary : £22,000 per annum Sales Professional Salary : £15,360 per annum + Generous Tax Free Bonus - OTE 30K Controls Design Engineer Salary : Competitive Quantity Surveyor Salary : Salary will depend on experience Events Co-ordinator Salary : Dependent on experience but likely to be in the region of £25-£30k Marketing Communications Manager Salary : Competitive Salary and benefits Deputy Head Teacher(Teaching and Learning) Salary : Leadership Scale L7- L11 Administration Assistant Salary : £18,213 Kitchen/Catering Assistant Salary : Good Rates of Pay Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Animals Business Crime Editor's Choices Politics Jobs news Trending Shopping Nottingham Live Environment Emergency Services Transport Health Transport Education Entertainment Sport Boxing Cricket Football Mansfield Town Nottingham Forest Nottingham Panthers Notts CCC Notts County Other Sport Rugby More Advertise with us Community E-Edition Have Your Say Letters Corrections & Clarifications How to Complain Nottingham Live Online competitions Our promotions Picture galleries Video Weather Local Connections Bingo Buy a Photo Cars for sale Classified ads Dating Homes for sale Homes to rent Jobs Memoriams Notices Obituaries Public notices Local Businesses Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Sport and Leisure Hairdressers Pubs and Bars Attractions Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Taxis & Vehicle Hire Legal Servces Plumbers Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas World Desperate note from Chinese 'sweatshop slave' found in purse bought in Walmart The note said "being a prisoner in China is even worse than being a horse, cow, sheep, pig or dog in the US" By Josh Robbins May 2, 2017 12:02 BST The note – allegedly written by a Chinese 'slave' – made its way into a Walmart purseFacebook / Laura Wallace A note written by a Chinese 'slave' was allegedly discovered in a purse bought from a Walmart in Arizona. The note claims that prisoners in China are working 14-hour days – as well as receiving beatings – while producing goods for US consumers. Christel Wallace says she discovered the handwritten plea in the zip compartment of a purse she bought from a Sierra Vista Walmart two months ago. Her daughter-in-law Laura had the note translated by three different Chinese speakers and each of them deciphered a similar, harrowing message. "It actually stated that the person who wrote that was a prisoner in China," she told KVOA News. "Basically what their situation was and how they work long hours, 14 hours a day. And they don't have a lot to eat," she said. It is not the first time a note of this nature has allegedly been found in products sold by US stores. Likewise, a series of similar notes were reportedly found in UK clothing retailer Primark in 2014. Wallace, who uploaded a photo of the note to Facebook, said she was at a loss to know how to respond to her mother-in-law's discovery. "I don't have the means or the access to help in any way. So I think this was my way of putting in my two cents," she said. "I don't want this to be an attack on any store... That's not the answer. This is happening at all kinds of places and people just probably don't know," she said. A full translation of the letter, provided by The Huffington Post, read: "Inmates in the Yingshan Prison in Guangxi, China are working 14 hours daily with no break/rest at noon, continue working overtime until 12 midnight, and whoever doesn't finish his work will be beaten. "Their meals are without oil and salt. Every month, the boss pays the inmate 2000 yuan [about $290], any additional dishes will be finished by the police. If the inmates are sick and need medicine, the cost will be deducted from the salary. "Being a prisoner in China is even worse than being a horse, cow, sheep, pig or dog in the US." Walmart are not the first retailer to be embroiled in such a scandalReuters A Walmart spokesperson told News 4 Tucson: "We can't comment specifically on this note, because we have no way to verify the origin of the letter, but one of our requirements for the suppliers who supply products for sale at Walmart is all work should be voluntary as indicated in our Standards for Suppliers." More from IBTimes UK See this amazingly cool cat face off with huge rattlesnake in Texas Ten years since Maddie's disappearance, the McCanns still face an onslaught of conspiracy theories Victim's family pay for Arkansas death row killer to meet his granddaughter hours before execution Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close DaddyOFive: YouTube prankster loses custody of children over controversial videos Columnists Chimene Suleyman “Britain is still searching for Maddie – why don't we care about missing children of colour? READ MORE Teacher 'told 11-year-old schoolgirl to go and kill herself' Ann Marie Shelvin is also accused of ordered other pupils to fight the child. Drinking beer is more effective at pain relief than painkillers, say scientists Scientists have revealed the news we all wanted to hear. Desperate note from Chinese 'sweatshop slave' found in purse bought in Walmart The note said "being a prisoner in China is even worse than being a pig in the US" Ivanka cried after Donald Trump refused to apologise for 'grab 'em by the p***y' comment Ivanka pleaded with her father to make a proper apology. Lucky surfer survives 32 hours in freezing sea before dramatic rescue Glaswegian went missing off the west coast of Scotland and drifted into the Irish Sea. British war veteran dies after spending 54 years in hospital James Morris was admitted to hospital in 1962 with a broken leg. Malaysian chess tournament organisers who banned girl over 'seductive' dress face flak The 12-year-old girl, who wore an over-the-knee outfit, was removed in the second round. Man who claimed to be 'world's oldest human' dies in Indonesia 'aged 146' Although Indonesia did not start recording births until 1900 local officials said the age could be verified. Nick Clegg called Piers Morgan 'pompous' after he attacked him over tuition fees Piers Morgan left the former deputy PM stunned by the comments. Wilbur Ross describes airstrike on Syria as 'after-dinner entertainment' The US commerce secretary was present at Mar-a-Lago when President Donald Trump announced the attack. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Safe from Scams Health Watch Education Watch Ag Watch Business #abc30insider Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us SHOPPING Action News Investigates: A tale of two Tides Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc30.com/video/embed/?pid=1942089" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A five-gallon bucket of Tide detergent, with Vietnamese text, sells for $24 while a standard box is $13 for just one-third the size. (KFSN) KFSN By Corin Hoggard Monday, May 01, 2017 06:32PM FRESNO, Calif. (KFSN) -- The deal is hard to beat. Smart & Final's five-gallon bucket of Tide laundry detergent sells for $24. Walmart's biggest box is about one-third the size for $13, so the bucket is quite a bargain - about a 40 percent discount. But a closer look suggests it may not be exactly what you think. "I thought about buying it, and then I did my research," shopper Alex Pike said. Pike found the bucket a couple months ago and thought it was a great deal, but she decided something looked unusual, so she gave it a closer look. Some of the writing is in Vietnamese. When we peeled back a sticker, we found out it's only supposed to be sold in Vietnam. Procter & Gamble produces Tide. And when people started asking about the big buckets on social media, the company said its products don't come in five-gallon buckets for retail sale. "Being a cloth diapering mother who goes through detergent like crazy, having a five-gallon bucket for real cheap was a good deal," Pike said. A spokeswoman told Action News they have two issues with the big buckets - one is the possibility of counterfeit sales. Police in LA arrested several people last year for buying and selling fake Tide in orange five-gallon buckets. The other is a Procter & Gamble product intended for professional use in Vietnam, but it's hitting store shelves here in the United States. The spokeswoman says "P&G does not sell or authorize anyone else to sell products in five-gallon buckets to the general public." A Smart & Final spokeswoman told us the company can assure customers the product is genuine. They say it "is legally imported for distribution in the United States and is safe to use." FoodMaxx sells the same buckets, and they also say they import the buckets from Vietnam. But Tide's makers say the product is meant to be used in Vietnam where the washing conditions are different than in the US, so the product may not be what American consumers are used to buying. So, we wanted to see how it compared to this typical Tide detergent. We asked the chemists at BSK Associates to find out whether the products are the same on a molecular level. We checked for phosphates, a powerful cleaning agent companies stopped using in the U.S. because of environmental concerns. EMBED More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc30.com/video/embed/?pid=1942479" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Action News bought Tide in the five-gallon bucket and Tide in a smaller container and asked chemists to examine them down to a molecular level and see what they found. "This one also claims there's no Orthophosphate 38, so we're actually going to test the levels," Ian Huh with the lab said. And they checked for other possible differences as well. Procter & Gamble said they don't control the supply chain for the Vietnamese product, so the formula may be different and consumers like Pike may not get the results they usually get from Tide. Action News Anchor Corin Hoggard went to Smart & Final and bought Tide in the five-gallon bucket and Tide in a smaller container and asked the chemists to examine them down to a molecular level and see what they found. They started with a couple assumptions. "I wasn't sure if it was counterfeit or not, but if it was counterfeit I was anticipating there would be some kind of phosphate in it," Huh said. Manufacturers eliminated phosphates in American detergents more than 20 years ago because of environmental concerns, but the chemical compounds are not illegal in California, and they're considered a strong cleaning agent. But the spectrophotometer showed no phosphates in either product. In fact, it showed the bucket and the box both contained the same elements and compounds but in different amounts. "There was six times more surfactin in the five-gallon bucket," Huh explained. Surfactins are cleaning agents. In this case, the analysis showed a high amount of sulfates in the Vietnamese Tide. The chemists say the higher levels mean Tide from the bucket might have a different effect on your clothes than the domestic Tide. "It can result in potentially taking color out from your clothes," Huh said. The American Tide had more aluminum in it, which chemists say is often used as a water softener. So, with those results in mind, is the bucket a bargain to Alexandria Pike? "I would not go back and buy that bucket, knowing that it could dull your clothes because, in the long run, I'm not just washing my clothes," she said. "I'm washing clothes for three or four other people." The chemists, on the other hand, wanted what was left in the big bucket - but just for their whites. Related Topics: shoppingAction News InvestigationshoppingfresnoFresno Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KFSN-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. SHOPPING NES Classic mini console discontinued Best cell plan for your lifestyle Mother who allegedly abandoned child at Riverside store arrested Mom abandons toddler at Riverside Food 4 Less, police say More shopping SHOPPING Spring sunshine has business booming for Valley nurseries Latest research on heart drugs Car insurance investigation Streaming live TV More Shopping Top Stories Several Fresno massage parlors busted for alleged prostitution ring Deadly Highway 168 crash left sole survivor stranded for over 12 hours Unease still surrounds Downtown Fresno neighborhood two weeks after shooting spree Father of 7 killed while trying to sell iPhone to teens Fresno family describes terrifying moments before tornado destroys Texas home Bay Area man accused of killing woman and dumping body in Merced dumpster pleads not guilty Three-year-old boy alerts family to fire inside Fresno apartment Show More Tulare County authorities say teen clerk locked store doors, sexually assaulted 55-year-old woman Triple murder of Fresno brothers remains a mystery 15 years later Frigid water from record snowpack has unexpected consequences for Valley campgrounds Casa de Tamales temporarily closes Fulton Mall location during construction Mexico captures Sinaloa cartel leader Damaso Lopez More News Top Video Unease still surrounds Downtown Fresno neighborhood two weeks after shooting spree Action Newsroom: 05/02/17 Several Fresno massage parlors busted for alleged prostitution ring Deadly Highway 168 crash left sole survivor stranded for over 12 hours More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories Video Photos U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KFSN-TV Fresno. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Safe from Scams Health Watch Education Watch Ag Watch Business #abc30insider Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KFSN-TV Fresno
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS News UK World Politics General Election 2017 Science Education Health Brexit Royals Investigations More Telegraph News US shopper claims she found note written by Chinese 'prisoner' in new handbag  A woman claims to have found a letter in a new handbag she bought from an American branch of Walmart Credit: Reuters Neil Connor, Beijing 3 May 2017 • 5:55am A woman claims to have found a mysterious letter in a new handbag she bought from an American branch of Walmart which appears to be written by a desperate Chinese ‘prisoner’. Christel Wallace, from Arizona, opened a tiny zipped compartment of her handbag to find a note written in Chinese characters complaining about working long hours and suffering beatings, she told US media. According to an image of the note published by the kvoa.com website, the writer was detailing conditions at a prison at Yingshan, in China’s southern Guangxi province. It said prisoners worked until midnight after a 14 hour shift. “Whoever is not able to finish will be beaten,” added the note, which has not been authenticated.  “Prisoners at Chinese prisons are living a worse life than horses, cattle, sheep, pigs and dogs.” China abolished much of its prison labour system in 2013.  However, some human rights campaigners claim a “shadow economy” continues to exist, in which prisoners are forced to carry out work. US media has previously reported that notes have been found in products imported from China which are apparently written by labour camp inmates. A Walmart spokesman told the Arizona Daily Star: “One of our requirements for the suppliers who supply products for sale at Walmart is all work should be voluntary as indicated in our Standards for Suppliers.” Additional reporting by Christine Wei Share this article Follow Telegraph News Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph News Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Related Topics USA Asia China Show more Galleries Gallery 03 May 2017, 7:03am Gallery: Pictures of the Day: 3 May 2017 Gallery 02 May 2017, 6:48pm Gallery: Telegraph cartoons, May 2017 Gallery 02 May 2017, 5:51pm Gallery: Theresa May's 13 most powerful quotes on Brexit, Trump and being a 'bloody difficult woman' News latest 03 May 2017, 7:56am Live 'We will not pay €100bn', David Davis insists, as EU doubles Brexit divorce bill 03 May 2017, 7:45am Cracked, warped and missing middles: Thousands of new £1 coins 'have major production flaws' 00:57 03 May 2017, 7:32am Rio gang retaliates to anti-drug operation by setting buses ablaze Gallery 03 May 2017, 7:03am Gallery: Pictures of the Day: 3 May 2017 03 May 2017, 7:00am Comment: Podcasts are great but no substitute for real radio Gillian Reynolds Premium 03 May 2017, 7:00am The Break-Up: infidelity and inappropriate day-wear on the East Dorset coast - review 4 03 May 2017, 6:53am Chinese property firm confirm £1bn Cheesegrater deal 03 May 2017, 6:41am 'We’ve just had enough of it': Ten years on, Praia da Luz remembers the night Madeleine McCann disappeared 03 May 2017, 6:40am Suicide bomb attack on Nato convoy in Kabul kills four says Afghan government 03 May 2017, 6:01am Statins myth: thousands are dying because of warnings over non-existent side effects  03 May 2017, 5:50am General Election 2017: Tories warn of £45bn Labour tax and spend 'bombshell' 03 May 2017, 5:15am Baton Rouge shooting: Justice Department 'will not charge police officers in killing of Alton Sterling' 03 May 2017, 4:48am Donald Trump 'more reasonable than perceived': South Korean candidate backs US president's stance on Kim Jong-un 03 May 2017, 4:29am Brexit divorce bill 'could reach £84bn' while Theresa May 'will be barred from negotiating with leaders' 03 May 2017, 4:20am Donald Trump hits back on Twitter after Hillary Clinton lays out reasons for defeat in 2016 presidential election 03 May 2017, 3:25am Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi rejects UN Rohingya probe 03 May 2017, 2:39am Angela Merkel urges Vladimir Putin to protect Chechnya gay rights 03 May 2017, 2:34am Police granted more time to question teenage terror suspects 00:43 03 May 2017, 2:19am 'We should talk': Ed Miliband tweets Theresa May after PM pictured enjoying chips on campaign trail 03 May 2017, 2:19am Sweden ends ID checks on Oresund Bridge imposed as migration peaked 03 May 2017, 2:15am Jeb Bush set to go into the baseball business with a bid for the Miami Marlins  Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Get em now! Grab yourself BeatsX wireless in-ear headphones for $97 with $30 Apple Music credit By Jared DiPane Tuesday, May 2, 2017 at 9:39 am EDT 2 Comments Our friends at Thrifter are back again, this time with a sweet deal on the BeatsX wireless in-ear headphones! Bluetooth headphones continue to become more popular, especially since several manufacturers have begun removing headphone jacks from phones. This year Apple released a new lineup of Beats headphones, and right now you can pick up a set of the BeatsX wireless in-ear headphones for as little as $97 at Walmart. This is around $50 cheaper than Amazon has the headphones for, and Best Buy is offering the over-ear Beats Studio wireless headphones for just $199.99. Some of the features of the BeatsX headphones include: Connect via Class 1 Bluetooth with your device for wireless listening Up to 8 hours of battery life for when you're on the go With Fast Fuel, a 5-minute charge gives you 2 hours of playback when battery is low Take calls, control your music and activate Siri with RemoteTalk Only the gray pair is available at the lowest price, though some of the other options are discounted by other amounts as well. As an added bonus each set of headphones should come with a $30 code which is good for 3-months of Apple Music. If you're looking for a great set of headphones for an even better price, you won't want to miss out on this deal. See at Walmart For more great deals be sure to check out our friends at Thrifter now! Reader comments Grab yourself BeatsX wireless in-ear headphones for $97 with $30 Apple Music credit 2 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating animejay Darn!. I just bought these yesterday! 0 16 hours ago Reply mvpilot172 I bought a pair @ launch for $150 and have been pleasantly surprised by them. $150 felt a little high but I knew that buying them right away costs you. $99 is a great sweet spot for these types of headphones. 0 14 hours ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Contact Us  •   Advertise COLORBEARER OF ATHENS, GEORGIA LOCALLY OWNED SINCE 1987 event calendar CLICK HERE FOR FULL CALENDAR Wed3 Thu4 Fri5 Sat6 Sun7 Mon8 Tue9 Wed10 Home About Us Advertise Archive Contact Us Legal Send a Letter to the Editor News Comment Democracy in Crisis Greensplainer City Dope Cobbloviate Georgia Report In the Loop News Features Letters to the Editor Pub Notes Calendar Submit an Event AthFest Auditions Calendar Picks Classes Comedy DJs Events Film Games Help Out Karaoke & Open Mic Kidstuff Lectures & Lit Live Music Meetings Outdoors Performance Sports Support Groups Theater Word on the Street Art Art Around Town Blogs Culture Briefs Grub Notes Homedrone In the Loop Music Flagpole Premieres Flagpole Athens Music Awards Homedrone Music Features Record Reviews Threats & Promises Movies Double Feature Movie Reviews Flick Skinny Arts & Culture Poetlandia Flag Football Art Around Town Art Notes Arts & Culture Features Kiddie Dope Theater Notes Food & Drink The Locavore Food Features Grub Notes Advice Hey, Bonita Get Advice! Pets Adopt Me Comics A Round Town Gang Agley This Modern World Tofu Baby Guide to Athens Athens Favorites Classifieds Archive May 3, 2017 News City Dope Mayor Denson Proposes New Eastside Circulator, Cutting Night Buses City Dope By Blake Aued @BlakeAued Tweet Photo Credit: Joshua L. Jones/file Mayor Nancy Denson’s proposed budget for fiscal 2018, released Apr. 28, adds a new Athens Transit route serving East Athens, but at the cost of eliminating buses after 7:45 p.m. The new route would be “a flex route” that’s “very similar to The Link,” vans that circulated around suburban and rural neighborhoods and were cut several years ago. The “flex route” would run on a fixed route in the eastern part of the county from Commerce Road to the Eastside Walmart to Winterville—mostly areas that currently aren’t served by buses. But unlike fixed-route buses, riders who live near the route could call ahead and have the van come to their doorstep. It would drop them off at a bus stop where they could catch a fixed-route bus to their destination. Athens Transit Director Butch McDuffie said he also proposed a westside flex route for the Caterpillar/Bogart area, but that wasn’t approved. The eastside route will serve as sort of a pilot project, he said. “We’ll test it out for a year, and see if we can get some folks to ride,” he said. The eastside flex route would cost $245,000. Denson has proposed offsetting most of that cost by stopping bus service at 7:45 p.m. rather than the current 9:45 p.m., saving $165,000. That wasn’t McDuffie’s choice, but department heads are required to submit balanced budgets, so if they want something, they have to be willing to give something else up. Those two hours of service are incredibly inefficient, averaging only about two passengers per bus per hour (25 total per day on six routes), costing about $40 per rider, McDuffie said. But most of those people need the bus to get home from work, he said. “It would be disappointing if we lost services, especially after being named best urban transit system for 2016” by the Community Transportation Association of America, he said. Ultimately, that will be up to ACC commissioners, who have restored Denson’s proposed cuts to late-night bus service before. They’ll start digging into the $124 million budget—and take public comment—at a work session Thursday, May 4. comments Keywords Athens Transit, Nancy Denson, Butch McDuffie, night buses, flex route, East Athens More by Blake Aued A Demolition in Five Points Has Commissioner Diane Bell in Hot Water City Dope By Blake Aued | May 2, 2017 Crosswalk Improvements Come to Prince and Elsewhere City Dope By Blake Aued | April 26, 2017 ADDA Applies for Funding for Downtown Infrastructure City Dope By Blake Aued | April 26, 2017 see more...   flagpole Home About Us Advertise Archive Contact Us Legal Send a Letter to the Editor News Comment Democracy in Crisis Greensplainer City Dope Cobbloviate Georgia Report In the Loop News Features Letters to the Editor Pub Notes Calendar Submit an Event AthFest Auditions Calendar Picks Classes Comedy DJs Events Film Games Help Out Karaoke & Open Mic Kidstuff Lectures & Lit Live Music Meetings Outdoors Performance Sports Support Groups Theater Word on the Street Art Art Around Town Blogs Culture Briefs Grub Notes Homedrone In the Loop Music Flagpole Premieres Flagpole Athens Music Awards Homedrone Music Features Record Reviews Threats & Promises Movies Double Feature Movie Reviews Flick Skinny Arts & Culture Poetlandia Flag Football Art Around Town Art Notes Arts & Culture Features Kiddie Dope Theater Notes Food & Drink The Locavore Food Features Grub Notes Advice Hey, Bonita Get Advice! Pets Adopt Me Comics A Round Town Gang Agley This Modern World Tofu Baby Guide to Athens Athens Favorites Classifieds Archive
Hot Topics: Christopher Lawyer Hateful letter CU Boulder South plans Mara Abbott: GMO debate Boulder skier found dead News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Lafayette approves commercial project near Nine Mile Corner Lafayette Promenade to join rash of projects along traffic-burdened intersection By Anthony Hahn Staff Writer Posted:   05/02/2017 09:54:08 PM MDT Updated:   05/02/2017 09:59:18 PM MDT Lafayette's City Council on Tuesday night ushered forward plans for a commercial project that had been scheduled to break ground last summer, advancing it to join a cluster of development near the traffic-burdened U.S. 287 and Arapahoe Road intersection. Lafayette Promenade will join the city's SILO Subdivision housing development and Erie's Nine Mile Corner project — the development at the center of Lafayette's 22-acre condemnation lawsuit last year — across the street. Council also approved site plans for one the development's first tenants, Tractor Supply. The retailer — which sells pet supplies, animal feed, power tools and lawn and garden products — will fill one of the medium-box sites planned for the property north of Walmart. It is being developed by Alabama-based Hix Snedeker Companies. The Tractor Supply proposal is scheduled to be 21,930 square feet and will be focused on the sale of farm/ranch equipment and maintenance, animal feed and lawn and garden equipment, according to previous reports. The plan also includes merchandise within a fenced outdoor display area on the south side of the building, a trailer display area on the north side of the building and an outdoor display area near the building entrance similar to what is found at the nearby Walmart, Lafayette officials said Tuesday. Advertisement "The bottom line is that people shop with their pocketbooks and have more to say with what succeeds or fails than anything we can think up in our offices," Lafayette City Manager Gary Klaphake said in response to fellow council members' concerns over the choice of tenant. Lafayette officials announced they would appeal a Boulder County judge's decision to dismiss the lawsuit in February, finding "no public purpose" in the suit, which would have preempted Erie's plans to bring a Lowe's and a competing King Soopers on the two towns' neighboring borders. Anthony Hahn: 303-473-1422, hahna@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/_anthonyhahn Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Boulder resists Pearl Street bank ban, passes alternative policy First-degree murder charges filed against Broomfield man Boulder man found dead at Loveland Ski Area   BOCOPREPS (Jeremy Papasso / Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Baseball: Colorado Academy upends Peak to Peak Pumas see four game win streak halted by Mustangs LAFAYETTE — It was tense at the outset on Tuesday, and why wouldn't it have been with the Peak to Peak and Colorado Academy baseball teams jockeying for playoff seeding? Full Story Boys lacrosse: Fairview hangs on to beat rival Boulder Girls soccer: Teams jockeying for position in the final week of the season Boys lacrosse: Monarch gets back on track against Fairview Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
The Western Producer Search for: Sections Site links SUBSCRIBE TO FREE ENEWS! Classifieds Subscriptions Digital editions Contact All articles News Crops Livestock Markets Weather Farm Living Opinion & Blogs Video WP Twitter Home /  Markets /  Crushing blow? Chinese grow wary of GMO Crushing blow? Chinese grow wary of GMO Posted Apr. 28th, 2017 by Reuters News Agency By Dominique Patton BEIJING, April 28 (Reuters) – A Chinese consumer backlash against genetically modified (GMO) crops is beginning to dent demand for soy oil, the nation’s main cooking oil, and could spell crisis for the multi-billion-dollar crushing industry, which depends on GMO soybeans from the United States and elsewhere. The effects on import demand are not yet an issue, but it could be in the future. The U.S. Departent of Agriculture expects China’s soybean imports from all sources will rise 5.7 percent in 2016-17 to 88 million tonnes. China: Vegetable oil food use, thousand tonnes. Source: USDA Crop year Soy Rapeseed Peanut Palm Sunfl’r Other Total ’16-17 16,000 8,350 3,052 2,900 1,325 1,281 32,908 ’15-16 15,300 8,350 2,887 2,800 1,379 1,272 31,988   The governments of China and other countries say GM foods are as safe as conventional foods, but wealthier urban Chinese consumers are replacing soyoil with oil processed from crops that have not been genetically modified, such as sunflower, peanut or sesame,. A Nielsen survey last year showed about 70 percent of consumers in China limited or avoided at least some foods or ingredients, compared with a global average of 64 percent, with 57 percent naming GMOs as undesirable. “Everyone says soyoil has GMOs,” said Mr Liu, a 70-year-old Beijinger, shopping with his wife in Walmart. “Better not eat too much. Apparently they’re not safe. It’s like those hormones. I’m just as afraid of eating GMOs as hormones.” That sentiment is already hurting retail sales. Supermarket sales of soy oil fell one percent last year to 35.7 billion yuan ($5.19 billion), data from Euromonitor shows, versus growth of between two and six percent for alternatives. “Non-GMO oil is gradually replacing (soy oil),” said Johnny An, supply chain director at food-service firm Aramark, which serves meals in banks, government offices and schools in more than 60 Chinese cities. ADVERTISMENT A few years ago, 10-20 percent of Aramark’s customers asked for oil from non-GMO crops, he said. Now it’s more than half. The mood is causing headaches for crushers, said Paul Burke, Asia director at the U.S. Soybean Export Council, forcing them to find new markets for their soyoil, though it had not yet had a noticeable impact on bean imports, as demand for soymeal used for animal feed, the larger byproduct of soybean crush, is still robust as China expands its livestock industry. PREMIUM PRODUCT The Nielsen survey found that more than four in five Chinese shoppers would be prepared to pay more for GMO-free products, and a 5-litre bottle of GM-free soy oil already sells at a 20 percent premium to oil produced from GMO soybeans, but that isn’t translating into a boon for the nation’s soybean crushers. China is the world’s top soyoil consumer – it will use 16 million tonnes this year – but the crushers rely on the United States and Brazil, which grow GM-soybeans, for 86 percent of China’s 84 million tonnes of soybean imports. In China, which does not permit planting of GMO soybeans, labour costs are high and productivity low on small farms, making non-GMO beans costly to grow. They sell for a third more than non-GMO beans planted elsewhere. Processors such as China Agri Industries, a unit of food and grains trader COFCO and one of the country’s top crushers, told Reuters it needs to improve its sourcing of non-GMO materials, to meet “escalating market demand”. In the meantime, processors are losing money as increased competition with other edible oils and a ballooning glut has pushed soyoil futures in China down 18 percent so far this year to multi-year lows. Some crushers are taking radical steps to find more GMO-free beans. Henan Sunshine Oils and Fats wants to buy as much as 37,000 acres of land in Ukraine to grow and process crops such as non-GMO soybeans, rapeseed and sunflowers, said Yang Renyi, group vice-president and general manager of the international affairs department. ADVERTISMENT Yang’s team made two trips to Ukraine last year to look into the feasibility of producing, storing and processing oilseeds there. “If we managed to get a large area of land to grow oilseeds, we possibly will spend at least 200-300 million yuan (US$29-$43 million) there,” said Yang. Non-GMO oils already account for a fifth of the firm’s sales since it started marketing the new offering late last year, he added. SHAKEN FAITH The shift in attitude against GMOs in China has been fuelled by social media and campaigning by high-profile personalities. The agriculture ministry has sought to assuage consumers’ fears, launching education campaigns and banning advertising that promotes non-GMO products as healthier. But years of food scares have shaken consumers’ faith in Beijing’s ability to guarantee the safety of the nation’s food supply. Cooking oil is a particularly sensitive topic after a scandal over the use of recycled oil known as gutter oil, a few years ago, so shoppers are wary. “Before everyone said soybean oil has GMOs, now the advertising is all about non-GMO soyoil. But we still don’t buy it,” said Maxine Li, a 28-year old bank worker, shopping at the same Walmart. “We think peanut oil is a bit healthier.   ADVERTISMENT Popular articles Farmers overcharged nearly $100 million in CGC… Survey reveals ‘amazing’ soil loss in Great… Police warn about illegal left turns Grain bag slashing angers farmer Genesis plans huge fertilizer supercentre west of… About the author Reuters News Agency — Also by this author USDA pig report likely will have little… EU nations vote against GM crops, but… U.S. corn, soybean harvests bigger than… RobertWager I find the attempts to convince people that China is not going full speed on GE crops a bit funny. Did the critics of GE crop miss the $43 billion dollars they spent on Syngenta? Latest opinion pieces Time for Canadian farmers to work with U.S.… CFIA glyphosate testing shows Canada’s food is… Agriculture should be seen as positive From the Archives: ‘Marketing boards, supply… Newspapers, libraries keep on truckin’ President Trump puts supply management on the… Podcasts Brought to you by: Featured bloggers Ed White Ed White has specialized in markets coverage since 2001 and has achieved the Derivatives Market Specialist (DMS) designation with the Canadian Securities Institute. Markets at a glance Copyright © 2016. All market data is provided by Barchart Market Data Solutions.  Futures: at least 10 minute delayed except as noted. Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice. To see all exchange delays and terms of use, please see disclaimer. Popular articles Drought predicted for Alberta this summer Time for Canadian farmers to work with U.S.… Off-highway vehicle riders must wear helmets in… On Twitter Tweets by @westernproducer Subscribe to our e-Newsletters Subscribe to our daily and weekly newsletters, including: Producer Daily, Markets Moment, and Markets Moment: Special Edition. Recent Comments The Western Producer on Shorter trips, more rest stops may not benefit animals Lori Wheeler on Shorter trips, more rest stops may not benefit animals Eric Bjerregaard on Excessive glyphosate levels found in 1.3 percent of food samples: CFIA study RobertWager on Crushing blow? Chinese grow wary of GMO sandi on Drought predicted for Alberta this summer  RSS Feed  Subscribe in a reader Social Media Facebook Twitter   Sections Back All articles News Crops Livestock Markets Weather Farm Living Opinion & Blogs Video WP Twitter Site links Back Subscribe Digital editions Classifieds Advertise Website Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright Statement About Contact ©2017 Western Producer Publications Limited Partnership
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Michael Cammarata – Named Among the Finalists for the EY Entrepreneur of the Year 2017 Award BEVERLY HILLS, CA / ACCESSWIRE / May 2, 2017 / For 31 years now, the annual Ernst & Young’s Entrepreneur of the Year Award has been recognizing the best and brightest leaders shaping today’s ideas into tomorrow’s exceptional companies. Marketing pioneer and startup investor Michael Cammarata has been named one of the finalists for the 2017 award, in recognition for his work with launching Schmidt’s Naturals deodorant into the mainstream marketplace. When Cammarata met Schmidt’s founder Jaime Schmidt in 2014, she was selling the all-natural plant and mineral-based deodorant at local co-ops, farmer’s markets, and retail stores in Portland, Oregon. In only two years, Cammarata expanded the product into a national phenomenon, available now in thousands of retailers such as Target, Urban Outfitters, Kroger, Walmart and Amazon. Michael Cammarata began his entrepreneurial career early, reaching success in his twenties for developing one of the first internet message boards, Ultraboard, as well as a website hosting venture which grew into a full-service Internet advertising and digital support company. More than 15 million websites still use the Ultraboard platform which led the way for other social media platforms like Myspace and Facebook. In 2015, Michael Cammarata launched the venture capital and private equity firm Random Occurrence, where he serves as Chief Global Strategist. The firm is actively investing and strategically partnering with groundbreaking new companies such as Schmidt’s Naturals. Divisions include consumer products, technology, and entertainment. He points to Amazon founder Jeff Bezos as his key inspiration, particularly admiring Bezos’ wide range of interests and the variety of companies his venture capital firm, Bezos Expeditions, invested in, including Airbnb, Uber, Blue Origin, Makerbot Industries and the Washington Post. Bezos himself won the EY Entrepreneur of the Year Award in 1997, three years after founding Amazon, and the same year the company went public. Keenly monitoring the Wall Street market like Bezos, Michael Cammarata was recently quoted in a Forbes article, describing the wide potential for Schmidt’s Naturals and the product’s guiding philosophy to expand beyond just bathroom products. „Ideally, there are not many companies in our space that are publicly traded, and I think there is demand for that,” said Cammarata, „I think the consumers are looking who could come into that and [establish] the standards to the natural products [market].” Michael Cammarata is an innovative entrepreneur and internationally recognized business strategist. A pioneer in marketing to target-specific audiences through online promotions, sweepstakes and affinity-based targeting tactics that have since become a standard strategy for companies of all sizes, he went on to develop a product search and buying system that has since been adopted by some of the world’s largest manufacturers and retailers, including Costco. Cammarata has also invested into the entertainment industry, managing the internationally-popular boy band, Nickelodeon’s Big Time Rush, along with Party Down South. Currently, Cammarata serves as the Chief Global Strategist at Random Occurrence, a venture capital and private equity firm, where he oversees all current holdings, including businesses in consumer products, technology, and entertainment. Random Occurrence – Home: https://www.randomoccurrence.com Michael Cammarata Named Among the Finalists for the EY Entrepreneur of the Year 2017 Award: http://www.bizjournals.com/portland/news/2017/04/26/6-portland-entrepreneurs-vie-for-top-ey-regional.html Michael Cammarata Plans to Establish the Standards to the Natural Products Market: https://www.forbes.com/sites/emmasandler/2017/04/24/the-backstory-on-how-schmidts-naturals-made-deodorant-in-a-jar-fashionable/ Contact Information: ControlPR.com [email protected] 202.759.4575 www.ControlPR.com SOURCE: Michael Cammarata CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CATALYST FUND SHAREHOLDER ALERT BY FORMER LOUISIANA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC Reminds Investors of Lead Plaintiff Deadline in Lawsuit against Catalyst Hedged Futures Strategy Fund Next PostNext Centerra Gold Announces Election of Directors Search Recent Posts Kinross reports 2017 first-quarter results NewCastle Gold Drilling Through JSLA Pit Backfill Intersects Values up to 0.83 g/t gold over 36.6 meters Malibu Boats Settles Litigation With MasterCraft Boat Company Agrium to present at the BMO Capital Markets 12th Annual Farm to Market Conference Centerra Gold Announces Election of Directors RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Friend on Facebook Follow on Facebook Watch on YouTube Subscribe to RSS Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close HOME News Local News Politics Elections SoCal National World News Op/Ed Local Southwest Rivco Temecula Murrieta Menifee Moreno Valley Wildomar Aguanga Corona French Valley Hemet Lake Elsinore Perris Sun City San Jacinto Norco Education Fire Sheriff’s Log SoCal News Imperial County Orange County Los Angeles County Riverside County San Bernardino San Diego County Entertainment Dining Dining Reviews Arts Celebrity News Out and About Music Scene Business Sports Live Traffic More Announcements Faith Health Military Motor Scene Real Estate Obituaries Pets Village News Anza Valley Outlook CLASSIFIEDS Printed Edition (Online) En Español Events About Us Contact Us Sign up for our Newsletter Contact the editor Letters to the editor Inquire about advertising Inquire about Classifieds Comment about a story Request Event Coverage Submit a Press Release Submit an Obituary Report a technical issue SAN JACINTO: Pedestrian killed crossing San Jacinto Ave By Trevor Montgomery on May 2, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post SAN JACINTO – Officials are investigating after a 21-year-old man was fatally struck while crossing a San Jacinto road Tuesday morning, May 2. The fatal, early-morning, vehicle versus pedestrian collision happened on San Jacinto Avenue near Commonwealth Avenue, just west of Wal-Mart, in San Jacinto. Deputies from the Riverside County Sheriff’s San Jacinto Police Station responded to the accident about 5:18 a.m., after the fatal traffic collision was reported to emergency dispatchers, Riverside Sheriff’s Sergeant Matthew Pohl explained in a written press release hours after the deadly accident. When emergency first responders arrived at the scene of the collision they found a Chevrolet Suburban with moderate front-end damage. Officials also located the victim in the middle of the roadway nearby. The victim had suffered major traumatic injuries when he was struck by the large SUV. Medical personnel immediately attempted life-saving efforts; however, the victim succumbed to his injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene of the accident. Officials have not identified the pedestrian, a 21-year-old male resident of Hemet, pending notification of the man’s family. Members of the San Jacinto Police Department’s Traffic Division responded to the scene and conducted an investigation into the cause of the fatal accident. During their investigation, officials determined a white Chevrolet Suburban was traveling southbound on San Jacinto Avenue when the vehicle struck a pedestrian that was crossing the roadway. The intersection where the accident happened has a cross walk; however, it was not immediately known if the victim, who was wearing all dark clothing, was using the cross walk when he was struck. The driver of the vehicle, identified only as a 58-year-old, male resident of San Jacinto, remained at the scene of the accident and was reportedly cooperating with the sheriff’s investigation. “There are no initial indications alcohol or drugs played a role in the collision,” said Pohl. Pohl took the opportunity to remind citizens to follow the rules of the road, cross the street using marked cross walks or intersections and obey signs and signals. “Pedestrians should make eye contact with drivers as they approach and never assume a driver sees you,” said Pohl. “Drivers are encouraged to slow down and look out for pedestrians, especially in hard-to-see conditions such as night or in bad weather.” Anyone with information about this collision or who witnessed the deadly accident is encouraged to contact Deputy Cortez or Deputy Cox at the San Jacinto Police Station’s Traffic Division at (951) 537-6411. Callers can refer to incident file number I171220012 and can remain anonymous. This is a developing story. Additional information will be updated as it becomes available. Share this: Tweet More Share on Tumblr Print Email Related accident, collision, crash, Dead, Deadly, died, fatal, killed, pedestrian, San Jacinto, wreck SAN JACINTO: Pedestrian killed crossing San Jacinto Ave added by Trevor Montgomery on May 2, 2017 View all posts by Trevor Montgomery → Trevor Montgomery spent 10 years in the U.S. Army as an Orthopedic Specialist before joining the Riverside County Sheriff Department in 1998. During his time with the sheriff's department, he worked at several different stations, including the Robert Presley Detention Center, the Southwest Station in Temecula and the Lake Elsinore Station along with many other locations. His assignments included Corrections, Patrol, DUI Enforcement, Boat and PWC based Lake Patrol, Problem Oriented Policing Team and he finished his career while working as a Sex Crimes and Child Abuse Investigator. Montgomery was a foster parent to nearly 60 children over 13 years and is now an adoptive parent and has 13 children and 7 grandchildren. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comments Protected by WP-SpamShield Spam Blocker Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. My Valley Weather Temecula Last Updated on May 2 2017, 10:55 pm PDT Weather by NOAA Current Conditions: Fair Temp: 64°F Wind: SE at 3mph Humidity: 43% Dewpoint: 41.0°F Your 5-Day Forecast at a Glance 951-763-5510 | 1588 S. Mission Rd. Suite 201, Fallbrook CA 92028 Valley News | Copyright © 2016 Village News, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Community Briefs Education Health Politics Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Columnists Multimedia Opinion Special Sections Bakersfield Life Kern Business Journal Sponsored About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 77° Clear Bakersfield, CA (93301) Today Mostly clear. Tonight Mainly clear. Low 69F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 2, 2017 @ 10:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Community Briefs Education Health Politics Election 2016 Off the Press Opinion 2016 Presidential Election Results 2016 Local Election Results 2016 California Proposition Results Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Columnists Herb Benham Jose Gaspar Lois Henry Olivia Garcia Richard Beene Robert Price Steve Merlo Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit Community Voices Submit Special Sections 150th Anniversary Bakersfield Business Conference Just One Breath Kenny Graham Merle Haggard Seasons Year in Review: 2016 Bakersfield Life 20 under 40 People to Watch Kern Business Journal Sponsored Close Richard Beene BAKERSFIELD OBSERVED: A blog for and about Bakersfield ... life, media, politics and people BY RICHARD BEENE For The Californian 15 hrs ago 0 Richard Beene BEAR SIGHTINGS A resident of La Cresta shared with me an almost unbelievable sighting close to midnight last week. "My wife and I had heard noises outside the night before and sure enough it started again," he said. "It was well after 11 p.m. and when I went outside I saw three small bears near an apricot tree. They scattered." The resident said this happened a block off Panorama Drive just up from Garces Memorial High School. Bear sightings in northeast Bakersfield are not particularly rare, but it they normally don't happen until around June or July. CSUB There is some good news for CSU Bakersfield and its students. According to a recent study, CSUB is one of the top universities in the county in terms of upward mobility for its students. The Equality of Opportunity Project found that fully 81 percent of CSUB students who enrolled in the late 1990s moved from the bottom fifth of the income distribution to the top three fifths. Only two schools — Pace University and the New Jersey Institute of Technology — performed better. The ranking is the latest in a series of accolades for CSU Bakersfield. The Washington Monthly ranks CSUB number 1 among Best Bang for the Buck Western Colleges and number 12 in the Top 100 Master’s Universities. SPOTTED ON TWITTER "I'm at the age where a 'lifetime warranty' isn't the incentive it used to be." ZIPPO LIGHTER One of the enduring images of the Vietnam War popped up on Facebook the other day. It is a Zippo lighter with a peace sign reading: "Nam 71-72. We the unwilling led by the unqualified to kill the unfortunate die for the ungrateful." HOMELESSNESS Robert Hyde wrote to lament the explosion of homelessness in our community, starting with the panhandlers who accost patrons in parking lots around town. "We live in Kernville and make our regular trips to Bako to shop - Walmart/Costco/Trader Joe's/Lowe's etc. Once pretty much gone, the panhandlers now roam the intersections and the parking lots. In the Walmart parking lot one accosted us even before we were out of our car and two more caught us on our way back. Also saw two at the bottom of the Highway 99 northbound Rosedale Highway offramp; it was a shift change as one handed his sign off to another before pedaling away on his bicycle, and we saw one more with a sign at the 58 eastbound offramp at Mt. Vernon." MEMORIES Lynn Finch weighed in with this memory of the old Saddle and Sirloin restaurant. "My uncle, Carl Eggers, was the original owner of the Saddle and Sirloin. Before that restaurant was built he owned a little drive-in hamburger restaurant downtown named Carl's, long before the fast food era! It was on the northeast corner of 18th and M streets, I believe, across from Rice Bowl. Bakersfield housing was spreading west of Oleander near Brundage at that time and my uncle had a custom home built on a short little street parallel to Brundage that was named Eggers Street, as his house was the first house on the one block street." CRYSTAL INN And finally Kevin Cornelius added this: "Phil Foster has a very good memory. But the Crystal Inn was not at the old Basque hall location. It was at the northwest corner of the intersection of Planz Road and Union Avenue. That's the location of the now Pick-up Salvage building. Crystal Inn burned down to ashes sometime in 1957." Email contributing columnist Richard Beene at rsbeene@yahoo.com. His work appears here on Wednesdays and Fridays; the views expressed are his own. Read more on his blog at BakersfieldObserved.com. × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Videos 4:26 BVarsity Nightly for May 2 Updated 2 hrs ago 0 May Day protesters take to streets in downtown Bakersfield Updated May 1, 2017 0 1:03 Jewish Food Festival unites locals with food, music Apr 30, 2017 0 Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Defibrillator saves life of 14-year-old boy at Chipman Junior High Buyer found for 'Speakeasy' house downtown Tennessee Titans sign Ridgeview grad Ferguson; Mazza gets tryout Community Voices: Hazards of mainstreaming special needs students Sheriff's anti-sanctuary proposal nixed, won't be heard by supervisors LOIS HENRY: Anti-oil activists don't know who they're picking on PETE TITTL: Two new spots are fast, fresh and first rate Daughter on Bakersfield Memorial Hospital fine: 'This means justice for my mom' Two area national monuments — Giant Sequoia and Carrizo Plain — face review Whatsa matzo? Inform taste buds at Jewish Food Fest Images Videos Commented Sheriff proposes "non-sanctuary" status for Kern (20) Third KHSD officer readies civil suit claiming retaliation (16) JOSE GASPAR: Adios, mamá (11) Sheriff's anti-sanctuary proposal nixed, won't be heard by supervisors (10) DANNY MORRISON: Cesar Chavez's legacy is in good hands (7) Downtown march calls for resistance, equality (7) Auto dealership owners enter guilty pleas for failing to file IRS forms (6) DANNY MORRISON: Don't let racial microaggressions become macro (6) LOIS HENRY: 'Unpopular' science plays a vital role in getting at the truth (6) Rudy Salas latest local Dem slapped down for bucking party (5) Today's e-Edition Login Subscribe Sections News Obituaries Sports Opinion Entertainment Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Online Features Services Subscriber Services Submission Forms Place an Ad Marketplace Events Email Alerts Search Weather Contact Information Bakersfield.com 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA 93301 Phone: (661) 395-7500 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 Bakersfield.com, 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up Emerging markets create new trends in retail News, 03 May 2017 Topics Evolution of retail Brand & customer experience BANGKOK: Thailand, Vietnam and India are set to lead the charge as retail innovators, with local brands embracing change to future-proof their retail operations against e-commerce. With Asia's emerging markets becoming increasingly wealthy, retailers from across the spectrum – from big box stores such as Walmart to luxury shopping malls – are thinking outside the square to engage younger consumers and take on the region's booming e-commerce market. And the key advantage retailers have, according to Chadatip Chutrakul, CEO of Thai retail developer Siam Piwat, is in customer experience. "We were aware of digital technology and the disruption it was causing that may have led to a downturn in customers," Chutrakul, one of Asia's most influential businesspeople, told the recent World Retail Congress in Dubai. "The fundamental needs and feelings of people don't change," she said. "Whilst online is efficient and convenient, it won't win hearts as there is no interaction." (For more details, read WARC's exclusive report: Retail giants in Thailand, India and Vietnam localise for future growth.) Siam Paragon in Bangkok, one of the country's most premium retail spaces, created an open space in which products are displayed by type, not brand. Cash registers have been replaced by roving sales assistants who use mobile checkout devices and there is a heavy emphasis on interaction. "It's not just about selling products, it's about engaging customers for the long term," Chutrakul explained. "We try to create stories and use a lot of interactive digital technology to help customers understand the products." The company also developed an app to customize messages to consumers and track trends and user behaviour. Siam Paragon communicates daily with customers constantly giving them fresh and engaging content to keep the story alive and create brand advocates. "With this approach, we try and have customers become our ambassadors. Our mantra is 'come play with us' not 'buy from us'," Chutrakul said. Data sourced from WARC Sign up for daily news Latest News Emerging markets create new trends in retail News European ad viewability declines News India's retail sectors can learn from each other News Google and Facebook grab ad growth News AI powers content integration News Twitter steps up live-streaming News Data use in politics raises problems News San Miguel taps desire for 'rich' experiences View more News and Opinion More from WARC How changing shopper attitudes and technology are re-shaping retail The Asian-American consumer 2015 report The Asian-American consumer 2015 report Get a demo Topics Evolution of retail Brand & customer experience 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Quotebank Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Do you agree with raising the criminal liability age? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorials Letters to the Editor Police Blotter Bee Heard Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events Services Advertiser Index News Archive Copyright© 2005-2017 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2017-05-03 / Police Blotter Tweet Print Customer refuses to pay pet grooming bill Saturday, April 22 • A 20-year-old man was charged with aggravated unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle in the third degree following a traffic stop on Main Street. Deputies responded to Stahley Road for a report of a disturbance. It was a verbal argument. An incident report was completed. Sunday, April 23 A resident of Harris Hill Road heard a loud bang or explosion. Patrol checked the area with negative results. Patrol responded to a pet salon on Transit Road. A customer was upset because the grooming of his pet took longer than expected, and he did not want to pay. The customer was advised to pay his bill and find another groomer if he was not satisfied. Monday, April 24 • Deputies arrested 27-year-old man for disorderly conduct in the parking lot of Wal-Mart on Transit Road. He was released on an appearance ticket. A residential fire was reported at a home on Heise Road. The fire is under investigation. Tuesday, April 25 • Deputies arrested a 34-year-old man after he allegedly stole tools from Home Depot on Transit Road. A real estate agent reported that someone had stolen some items from a vacant house on Ransom Road. Wednesday, April 26 • A resident of Clardon Drive reported that a youth was racing down the street on a dirt bike. He also was not wearing a helmet. A resident of Main Street reported that a man tried to break into his house. The man was intoxicated and was at the wrong address. Thursday, April 27 A man was panhandling at the exit of Wal-Mart Plaza on Transit Road. He was advised to move to an area where he did not obstruct vehicle traffic. A woman called from Connection Drive complaining that she was harassed by a carpet installer. There had been a verbal confrontation over damage caused to a hardwood floor. The complainant was advised that it was a civil issue and that she could ask the company to pay for the damage or file paperwork for small claims court. Friday, April 28 Deputies responded to Sesh Road for a disturbance. There was a verbal argument. Both involved parties were advised. A two-vehicle accident was reported on Transit Road. The drivers were evaluated by first aid. (Editor’s note: The Bee’s police blotter is a sampling of unusual calls received by the police department. It is not intended to be a complete record of all incidents reported.) Return to top Browse Archives Clarence Special Events 2017 Click for schedule
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Do you agree with raising the criminal liability age? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorials Letters to the Editor Police Blotter Bee Heard Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events Services Advertiser Index News Archive Copyright© 2005-2017 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2017-05-03 / Lifestyles Tweet Print CLERGY COLUMN Our ‘self sins’ might make God pull out hair JIM BARNES Clarence Center UMC Pastor Most people picture God with long hair. The vast majority of pictures of Christ show him with long hair, as do many representations of the God we read about in the Hebrew Scriptures/Old Testament. Well, I am the odd man out. I picture God as bald. If you turn to the picture accompanying this column, you may conclude that I see God as bald because I want God to look like me. That is not the case. I am more interested in loving, forgiving and behaving like God than I am in looking like God, or having God look like me. Likewise, it’s not because I believe that God would look wiser without hair. God would look just as wise with a head full of hair, although baldness might avoid the image of a 21st-century politician. It seems that today a good head of hair — real or fake — is a prerequisite to being elected to high office. Maybe bald is a safer image for God. The reason that I picture God as bald is that I do not see how God can look down at the parking lots at Wal-Mart, Wegmans and Tops without pulling hairs out of what might once have been a regal mane. You see, I am convinced that there is nothing God hates more than the “self sins” of selfishness, self-centeredness, self-importance and self-indulgence. The self sins are the basis for all other sins. Such easily recognizable sins as stealing, murder and adultery all result from the self sins. Greed is a self sin. In contrast, charity, compassion and courtesy are not. Loving one’s neighbors and even ones “enemies,” rivals and adversaries is exactly the opposite of the self sins. I have no doubt that the easily recognizable sins get God upset. But I think the self sins get God so frustrated that God engages in the hair-pulling mentioned above. For God knows how little it takes to avoid them. And that is what brings me to the aforementioned parking lots. Nowhere is there a more visible and brazen example of the self sins than in supermarket parking lots. So many people leave their shopping carts in parking spaces or driving lanes. And then there are those who put their carts next to rather than in the cart returns. My grocery store visits often involve taking time to put other people’s carts in the returns, admittedly grumbling about their users’ lack of courtesy. If this frustrates me, I can only imagine how God, who wants us to love and be courteous to each other, must feel. In my mind, I see God shaking his head in disbelief and pulling out a godly hair every time this happens. I can hear God thinking, “So simple! When will they ever learn?” And so, unless you really like the image of a bald God, I urge you to put your shopping carts where they belong. And I urge you to look for the self sins in all that you do — and then avoid them. I don’t know if God’s hairs will grow back (mine don’t seem to), but I am certain that you will put a smile on God’s face. Return to top Browse Archives Clarence Special Events 2017 Click for schedule
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Do you agree with raising the criminal liability age? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorials Letters to the Editor Police Blotter Bee Heard Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events Services Advertiser Index News Archive Copyright© 2005-2017 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2017-05-03 / Local News Tweet Print Senior News The Clarence Senior Center is located at 4600 Thompson Road. Contact the center at 633-5138 to sign up for activities. When registering for free activities and programs, you can call the office or email your name, phone number and desired event(s) to signup@clarenceseniorcenter.org. Additional information is available at clarenceseniorcenter.org. “The mission of Clarence Senior Citizens Inc. is to provide social, recreational, educational and nutritional programs, as well as opportunities for volunteerism, to persons in the community who are age 55 and older.” Transportation The center has a 14-passenger bus available to provide transportation to members between their homes and the center. The bus, which is owned by the Town of Clarence, also takes members shopping to Tops, Wegmans, Target, Wal-Mart, Dash’s and Eastern Hills Mall on a rotating basis Call the office at 633-5138 for more information or to make arrangements for pickup. Every week Monday: So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; tap dancing, 10:15 a.m.; jazz dancing, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; euchre, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Men’s bridge, 9 a.m.; women’s bridge, 9:15 a.m.; Scrabble, 10 a.m.; Eat, Live, Be Wellness Group, 10 a.m.; blood pressure screening, 10 a.m. to noon; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; intermediate bridge, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Euchre, 9 a.m.; beginner line dance, 9 a.m.; So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; ceramics, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; line dance, 9:30 a.m.; computer support, 10 a.m. to noon; arthritis exercise, 11:15 a.m.; billiards, noon; bridge, 12:30 p.m.; watercolor painting, 1 p.m.; canasta, 1 p.m. Wednesday Evening: Billiards, 6:30 p.m.; pinochle, 6:30 p.m.; woodworking, 6:30 p.m. Thursday: Zumba, 9 a.m.; beginner bridge, 10 a.m.; tai chi, 11 a.m.; billiards, noon; duplicate bridge, 12:30 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:15 p.m; shuffleboard, 1:15 p.m. Friday: Intermediate bridge, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 9 a.m.; Rummikub, 9:30 a.m.; Senior Outreach, 9:30 to 11 a.m.; computer support, 10 to 11:30 a.m.; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; pinochle, 1 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; dominoes, 1 p.m. Lunch at the Center Lunch is served daily at 12:30 p.m. for a suggested donation of $3 for those 60 years and older. Lunch is $5 for guests younger than 60. Menus featuring daily selections are available at the center. Calendar of Events 20th annual Twilight Time Senior Citizens’ Prom 5 p.m. Wednesday, May 3 — Attend the 20th annual Senior Citizens’ Prom sponsored by the Clarence High School Student Council and National Honor Society. Enjoy music, dancing and a catered dinner at Clarence High School. Singles are welcome. Aging in Place 1:30 p.m. Monday, May 8 — When trying to determine longand short-term housing needs, sometimes the best option is to stay in one’s present location. Melody Overs from Nothnagle Realtors will be present to discuss how people can remain in their current home, with minor adjustments to keep themselves safe and comfortable. Return to top Browse Archives Clarence Special Events 2017 Click for schedule
High-Def Digest Blu-ray Ultra HD Gaming Blu-ray Gaming HD Gear Blu-ray Ultra HD Gaming HD Gear Blu-ray Ultra HD Games Blu-ray Ultra HD Games Home News Fox Details 'Logan' Ultra HD Blu-ray & Blu-ray Retailer Exclusives Fox Details 'Logan' Ultra HD Blu-ray & Blu-ray Retailer Exclusives Posted Tue May 2, 2017 at 10:55 AM PDT by Steven Cohen Snikt! Wolverine will unsheathe his claws one last time on Blu-ray and Ultra HD Blu-ray later this month. In an early announcement to retailers, 20th Century is preparing Logan for Blu-ray and Ultra HD Blu-ray on May 23. In addition, a Best Buy Exclusive Blu-ray SteelBook, a Best Buy Exclusive Ultra HD Blu-ray SteelBook, a Target Exclusive Blu-ray, and a Walmart Exclusive Blu-ray will also be available It's 2029. Mutants are gone--or very nearly so. An isolated, despondent Logan is drinking his days away in a hideout on a remote stretch of the Mexican border, picking up petty cash as a driver for hire. His companions in exile are the outcast Caliban and an ailing Professor X, whose singular mind is plagued by worsening seizures. But Logan's attempts to hide from the world and his legacy abruptly end when a mysterious woman appears with an urgent request--that Logan shepherd an extraordinary young girl to safety. Soon, the claws come out as Logan must face off against dark forces and a villain from his own past on a live-or-die mission, one that will set the time-worn warrior on a path toward fulfilling his destiny. The Ultra HD Blu-ray will feature 2160p video and a Dolby Atmos soundtrack. The Blu-ray will feature 1080p video and a DTS-HD MA 7.1 soundtrack. Supplements will include: - Logan Noir: a black-and-white version of the film - Audio commentary by director James Mangold - Deleted scenes with optional audio commentary by Mangold - Making Logan — behind-the-scenes documentary The Best Buy Exclusive Steelbook editions will also feature cover and interior art by Steve McNiven, the artist behind the Old Man Logan comic book series. (Image and info via IGN) Meanwhile, the Walmart Exclusive Blu-ray will feature a nine-poster set with images from every film Hugh Jackman has played Wolverine in over the last 17 years. The back of the posters can then combine to create an image from Logan. (Image and info via The Hollywood Reporter) Finally, the Target Exclusive Blu-ray will include a 36 page photo collection featuring black and white photo prints taken from the set of the film. Suggested list price for the Blu-ray is $39.99. Suggested list price for the Ultra HD Blu-ray is also $39.99.  You can find the latest specs for Logan linked from our Blu-ray Release Schedule and our Ultra HD Blu-ray Release Schedule, where it's indexed under May 23. Order the Ultra HD Blu-ray   Order the Blu-ray   See what people are saying about this story in our forums area, or check out other recent discussions. Discs mentioned in this article: (Click for specs and reviews) Logan (Blu-ray) Logan (Best Buy Exclusive SteelBook) (Blu-ray) Logan (Target Exclusive) (Blu-ray) Logan (Walmart Exclusive) (Blu-ray) Logan - Ultra HD Blu-ray (Ultra HD) Logan - Ultra HD Blu-ray (Best Buy Exclusive SteelBook) (Ultra HD) Share: Facebook Google+ Twitter Tags: 20th Century Fox, Disc Announcements (all tags) Permalink LATEST REVIEWS BLU-RAY ULTRA HD The Age of Shadows 4 Stars The Keys of the Kingdom 3 Stars The Bitch 2.5 Stars Blow-Up 3.5 Stars The Marine 5: Battleground 3 Stars Gold (2016) 3 Stars Serial Mom: Collector's Edition 4 Stars View All A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station (Gen 3) (PS4) 4 Stars HyperX Alloy FPS Mechanical Gaming Keyboard (PC) 4.5 Stars Let it Die (PS4) 4 Stars Shantae: Half-Genie Hero (PS4) Telltale's The Walking Dead: Season Three - A New Frontier (Xbox One) 3 Stars Beholder (PC) 4 Stars Batman: The Telltale Series - City of Light (Xbox One) 4 Stars View All The Bourne Identity - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Life of Pi - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars 3:10 to Yuma - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars The Expendables 2 - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars The Expendables - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Underworld: Blood Wars - Ultra HD Blu-ray 3 Stars Gods of Egypt - Ultra HD Blu-ray 3 Stars View All LATEST NEWS BLU-RAY Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Big Little Lies,' 'Teen Wolf,' 'The Ticket' and More Disney Details 'Bambi: The Signature Collection' Blu-ray What is HDR? John Badham's 'Saturday Night Fever: 40th Anniversary Edition' Blu-ray Detailed (UPDATED) Blu-ray News Roundup: 'I Am Heath Ledger,' 'The Expanse: Season 2,' and More Oscar-Winning Director Jonathan Demme Dead at 73 HDD Spotlight Bargain: 'Heat: Definitive Edition' Blu-ray $8.88 at Amazon Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Re-Animator,' 'Power: The Complete Third Season,' and More James Gray's 'The Lost City of Z' Blu-ray Announced Michael Mann’s 'Heat' Heads Back to Theaters for One Night Only on May 2 View All ULTRA HD Fox Details 'Logan' Ultra HD Blu-ray & Blu-ray Retailer Exclusives Sony Dates 'Resident Evil: Vendetta' for Ultra HD Blu-ray with Dolby Vision Saban's 'Power Rangers' Blu-ray and Ultra HD Blu-ray Pre-Orders Live Peter Jackson's 'King Kong' Announced for Ultra HD Blu-ray 'The Fate of the Furious' Blu-ray & Ultra HD Blu-ray Up for Pre-Order! 'The LEGO Batman Movie' Announced for Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D, and 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 'The Bridge on the River Kwai' and 'The Godfather' Prepped for 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 'Smurfs: The Lost Village' Ultra HD Blu-ray (3D Included) and Blu-ray Pre-Orders Live Rupert Sanders' 'Ghost in the Shell' Blu-ray & Ultra HD Blu-ray Pre-Orders Live Ridley Scott's 'Prometheus' Ultra HD Blu-ray Up for Pre-Order! View All HD GEAR HDD Gear Deals: Up to 50% off Sound Bars Yamaha Announces AVENTAGE RX-A 70 Series Receivers with Dolby Atmos & DTS:X Netflix Reveals Trailer for 'House of Cards' Season 5, Streaming Premiere Set for May 30 HD Gear News Roundup: Dell HDR10 Monitor, LeEco Sale, NVIDIA SHIELD Updates, and More Streaming News Roundup: 'Star Trek: Discovery,' 'The Tick,' and More Hands On First Look: VIZIO 2017 P-Series, M-Series, and Sound Bars Pioneer & Onkyo Launch Chromecast Built-In Support and Google Home Voice Control for Select Audio Products VIZIO Releases 2017 P-Series & M-Series Ultra HD HDR Displays, Prices Start at $800 VIZIO Unveils SmartCast Crave Go Speaker & 2017 Sound Bar Collection HDD Gear Deals: Up to 44% off Home Theater Systems View All THE BONUS VIEW ‘Supergirl’ 2.19 Recap: “I Can’t Punch My Way Out of This” ‘American Gods’ Pilot Recap: “Devil’s in the Details” A Divine Feud: Susan and Jessica Brought ‘Bette and Joan’ to Life Weekend Box Office: How to Be a Sleeper Hit Blu-ray Highlights: Week of April 30th, 2017 – Ring-a-Ding-Ding Weekend Roundtable: It’s a Conspiracy! ‘Spark: A Space Tail’ Review: Scraping the Bottom of a Barrel of Monkeys ‘The Circle’ Review: A Tech-No-No Thriller ‘Norman’ Review: Scheming Silliness Weekend Movies: Vicious Circle View All High-Def Digest Bringing you all the best reviews of high definition entertainment. Founded in April 2006, High-Def Digest is the ultimate guide for High-Def enthusiasts who demand only the best that money can buy. Updated daily and in real-time, we track all high-def disc news and release dates, and review the latest disc titles. Copyright © 2017 Internet Brands, Inc. All rights reserved. Blu-ray News Reviews Release Dates Amazon Pre-orders HD DVD Archive Games News Reviews Release Dates Amazon Pre-orders Blog 3D At the Movies HD Content Home Theater TV Forums Blu-ray Software Blu-ray Bargains HD Smackdown Gaming Smackdown Home Theater Gear Our Site Web Search Connect with us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe via RSS About Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Disclaimer Careers Advertising Feedback
Latest News Dow 20,950 +36.43 +0.17% Nasdaq 6,095 +3.76 +0.06% S&P 500 2,391 +2.84 +0.12% 2:47 A.M. ET Marks & Spencer names Jill McDonald nonfood chief 2:46 A.M. ET Imperial's profit boosted by investment gains 2:45 A.M. ET Greek austerity deal opens up path out of bailout 2:44 A.M. ET Oil slump has hit Saudi Arabia's spending: Prince 2:42 A.M. ET Peugeot and NuTonomy to test self-driving SUV 2:41 A.M. ET Hugo Boss profit up 25% amid cost cuts 2:40 A.M. ET Sage pretax profit rises; lifts dividend 2:39 A.M. ET Paddy Power Betfair profit up 87% on pound's drop 2:38 A.M. ET ITV CEO Adam Crozier to step down 2:37 A.M. ET Novo Nordisk earnings beat views; narrows guidance 2:36 A.M. ET Sainsbury's cuts dividend as full-year sales fall 2:36 A.M. ET What to watch in Shell's earnings: Profit in focus 1:53 A.M. ET Solvay beats forecasts, upbeat on 2017 1:53 A.M. ET LafargeHolcim comparable sales, net income rise 1:52 A.M. ET Fresenius posts double-digit sales, earnings rise 1:51 A.M. ET BNP Paribas posts better-than-expected profit 1:14 A.M. ET Oil bounces back after upbeat U.S. supply data 1:00 A.M. ET Millennials ought to be 100% invested in stocks, says top-ranking newsletter editor 12:01 A.M. ET 10 cities with the worst eating habits 5/02 With major Asian markets closed, Australian stocks retreat Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Washington Post Investigative Report Documents Rampant Corruption At USDA Organic Program By Published: May 2, 2017 6:18 p.m. ET Share Industry Watchdog Files Formal Complaint Against Nation's Largest Organic Dairy CORNUCOPIA, Wis., May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The organic industry's most aggressive industry watchdog, The Cornucopia Institute, filed formal legal complaints against Aurora Dairy and their organic certifier, the Colorado Department of Agriculture, after a scathing front-page exposé in The Washington Post presented strong evidence that the largest organic milk producer in the U.S. has been operating illegally. "The rigorous investigative work by Peter Whoriskey at The Washington Post clearly illustrates a pattern of long-term corruption by both Aurora Dairy and the USDA's National Organic Program. Our organic regulators have turned a blind eye as giant industrial operations place ethical family-scale dairy farmers at a distinct competitive disadvantage," stated Mark A. Kastel, Cornucopia's codirector. Aurora Dairy is the largest supplier of "private label," or store-brand, organic milk in the U.S., supplying such retail giants as Walmart, Costco, Target, and other major supermarket chains. What Whoriskey and his Washington Post colleagues found when they visited the largest Aurora dairy complex in Weld County, Colorado, was a giant feedlot where almost all of the 15,000 cows were confined to dirt and manure-covered pens rather than being out on pasture as the organic law requires. The flood of allegedly illegal organic milk has finally caught up to the growth in the organic marketplace; organic milk processors have started cutting the price paid to farmers, placing some on quotas. "My milk price has been cut and is likely going to be cut again," said James Goodman, a longtime organic dairy farmer from Wonewoc, Wisconsin, milking 40 cows. "We have lost about 30% of our income in the past year due to this glut of so-called 'organic' milk flooding the market. My family has been able to make a decent living farming the right way, and following the rules USDA has in place, but everyone should have to follow the rules, Aurora included. I think it's time for USDA to put an end to this unfair and illegal competition." To empower consumers to protect their families while also economically rewarding ethical farms, Cornucopia maintains a scorecard of all organic dairy brands. "Shoppers can vote in the marketplace," said Kastel. "There is a higher authority than the USDA, or even the federal courts, and that's the consumer dollar." READ THE FULL RELEASE Contact: Mark Kastel, kastel@cornucopia.org, 608-625-2000   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/washington-post-investigative-report-documents-rampant-corruption-at-usda-organic-program-300450131.html SOURCE The Cornucopia Institute Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular AMD’s stock plunges to biggest loss in over 12 years Wall Street’s ‘fear gauge’ is falling, bonds and the stock market are soaring—something’s gotta give iPhone sales ‘pause,’ and Apple may be in trouble The most unaffordable place to live in America is… Trump's 100 Days: A Roller-Coaster for the Dollar MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Washington Post Investigative Report Documents Rampant Corruption At USDA Organic Program Industry Watchdog Files Formal Complaint Against Nation's Largest Organic Dairy News provided by The Cornucopia Institute 02 May, 2017, 18:18 ET Share this article CORNUCOPIA, Wis., May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The organic industry's most aggressive industry watchdog, The Cornucopia Institute, filed formal legal complaints against Aurora Dairy and their organic certifier, the Colorado Department of Agriculture, after a scathing front-page exposé in The Washington Post presented strong evidence that the largest organic milk producer in the U.S. has been operating illegally. "The rigorous investigative work by Peter Whoriskey at The Washington Post clearly illustrates a pattern of long-term corruption by both Aurora Dairy and the USDA's National Organic Program. Our organic regulators have turned a blind eye as giant industrial operations place ethical family-scale dairy farmers at a distinct competitive disadvantage," stated Mark A. Kastel, Cornucopia's codirector. Aurora Dairy is the largest supplier of "private label," or store-brand, organic milk in the U.S., supplying such retail giants as Walmart, Costco, Target, and other major supermarket chains. What Whoriskey and his Washington Post colleagues found when they visited the largest Aurora dairy complex in Weld County, Colorado, was a giant feedlot where almost all of the 15,000 cows were confined to dirt and manure-covered pens rather than being out on pasture as the organic law requires. The flood of allegedly illegal organic milk has finally caught up to the growth in the organic marketplace; organic milk processors have started cutting the price paid to farmers, placing some on quotas. "My milk price has been cut and is likely going to be cut again," said James Goodman, a longtime organic dairy farmer from Wonewoc, Wisconsin, milking 40 cows. "We have lost about 30% of our income in the past year due to this glut of so-called 'organic' milk flooding the market. My family has been able to make a decent living farming the right way, and following the rules USDA has in place, but everyone should have to follow the rules, Aurora included. I think it's time for USDA to put an end to this unfair and illegal competition." To empower consumers to protect their families while also economically rewarding ethical farms, Cornucopia maintains a scorecard of all organic dairy brands. "Shoppers can vote in the marketplace," said Kastel. "There is a higher authority than the USDA, or even the federal courts, and that's the consumer dollar." READ THE FULL RELEASE Contact: Mark Kastel, kastel@cornucopia.org, 608-625-2000   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/washington-post-investigative-report-documents-rampant-corruption-at-usda-organic-program-300450131.html SOURCE The Cornucopia Institute 17 Apr, 2017, 00:00 ET Preview: Denver USDA Meeting Will Help Decide Organic Future Farmers, Consumers, Nonprofits Challenge Mounting Agribusiness Dominance My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 31 Mar, 2017, 13:48 ET Denver USDA Meeting Will Help Decide Organic Future Farmers,... 31 Mar, 2017, 13:48 ET Organic Industry Watchdog Wins Major Antitrust Victory Explore More news releases in similar topics Beverages Food & Beverages Non-Alcoholic Beverages Organic Food Retail You just read: Washington Post Investigative Report Documents Rampant Corruption At USDA Organic Program News provided by The Cornucopia Institute 02 May, 2017, 18:18 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Washington Post Investigative Report Documents Rampant Corruption At USDA Organic Program Industry Watchdog Files Formal Complaint Against Nation's Largest Organic Dairy CORNUCOPIA, Wis., May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The organic industry's most aggressive industry watchdog, The Cornucopia Institute, filed formal legal complaints against Aurora Dairy and their organic certifier, the Colorado Department of Agriculture, after a scathing front-page exposé in The Washington Post presented strong evidence that the largest organic milk producer in the U.S. has been operating illegally. "The rigorous investigative work by Peter Whoriskey at The Washington Post clearly illustrates a pattern of long-term corruption by both Aurora Dairy and the USDA's National Organic Program. Our organic regulators have turned a blind eye as giant industrial operations place ethical family-scale dairy farmers at a distinct competitive disadvantage," stated Mark A. Kastel, Cornucopia's codirector. Aurora Dairy is the largest supplier of "private label," or store-brand, organic milk in the U.S., supplying such retail giants as Walmart, Costco, Target, and other major supermarket chains. What Whoriskey and his Washington Post colleagues found when they visited the largest Aurora dairy complex in Weld County, Colorado, was a giant feedlot where almost all of the 15,000 cows were confined to dirt and manure-covered pens rather than being out on pasture as the organic law requires. The flood of allegedly illegal organic milk has finally caught up to the growth in the organic marketplace; organic milk processors have started cutting the price paid to farmers, placing some on quotas. "My milk price has been cut and is likely going to be cut again," said James Goodman, a longtime organic dairy farmer from Wonewoc, Wisconsin, milking 40 cows. "We have lost about 30% of our income in the past year due to this glut of so-called 'organic' milk flooding the market. My family has been able to make a decent living farming the right way, and following the rules USDA has in place, but everyone should have to follow the rules, Aurora included. I think it's time for USDA to put an end to this unfair and illegal competition." To empower consumers to protect their families while also economically rewarding ethical farms, Cornucopia maintains a scorecard of all organic dairy brands. "Shoppers can vote in the marketplace," said Kastel. "There is a higher authority than the USDA, or even the federal courts, and that's the consumer dollar." READ THE FULL RELEASE Contact: Mark Kastel, kastel@cornucopia.org, 608-625-2000   SOURCE The Cornucopia Institute CategoriesUncategorized TagsAgriculture, Beverages, Food & beverages, Legal Issues, Non-Alcoholic Beverages, Organic Food, Retail Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Agrium declares dividend Next PostNext American Portfolios Places in Top 5 Small/Mid-Size Best Companies to Work for in New York for 2017 Search Recent Posts NZ dollar extends gains as dairy prices rise Napier landlords missing out on buoyant economy Dynasty Metals & Mining Inc. (DMMIF: OTCQX International) | Dynasty Announces Lifting of Management Cease Trade Order Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc. Stock Down 17% After Earnings: Is the Market Ignoring Good News? IPG Photonics Stays on Target With Red-Hot Growth RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 58° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Cloudy with periods of rain. High 51F. Winds ENE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall may reach one inch. Localized flooding is possible.. Tonight Rain likely. Becoming windy late. Low 47F. Winds NE at 20 to 30 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 2 to 3 inches of rain expected. Localized flooding is expected. Updated: May 3, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Metro Close 1 of 50 Buy Now David Carson A boat carrying sandbags moves down South Central Avenue in Eureka on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. As the floodwater from the Meramec River approached a record crest the sandbags protecting business appeared to be holding back the water. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Traffic flows freely on Interstate 55 as floodwater from the Meramec River creeps up on the road surface on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Official announced today that they will be forced to close the the highway early Wednesday because rising floodwater is expected spill into the highway. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Volunteers fill sandbags on North Central Avenue in Eureka on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. As the floodwater from the Meramec River approached a record crest the sandbags protecting business appeared to be holding back the water. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwater from the Meramec River creeps up South Central Avenue in Eureka on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. As the floodwater from the Meramec River approached a record crest the sandbags protecting business appeared to be holding back the water. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwater from the Meramec River swamps homes in Pacific on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwaters from a rising Meramec River are held back by the levy surrounding Valley Park on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Barb Neels, 78, looks out her front door at the rising waters of the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Neels has lived on Riverside Drive next to the Riveside Drive golf course for the past 55 years and has never seen flooding like this, except for the flood in 2015, when the waters filled her basement. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Barb Neels, 78, looks over her sandbags at the rising waters of the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Neels has lived on Riverside Drive next to the Riveside Drive golf course for the past 55 years and has never seen flooding like this, except for the flood in 2015, when the waters filled her basement. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes A Welcome to Fenton sign has the rising waters of the Meramec River almost touching in old town Fenton on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. All of the businesses along Old Gravois near the river are underwater. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Terry McKenna (left) gets help from friends Joe Maurath and Larry Heinemann to place more sandbags around the basement of his home on Park Meadow Drive to stop the rising waters of the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. A creek in the back of McKenna's home is backing up from the Meramec. Maurath is an alderman in Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes John Tosti (left) owner of Tosti's Transmission can only watch with his friend Joe Maurath as the rising waters of the Meramec River creep up the sides of his business on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in old town Fenton. Tosti said he has owned the business for the past 31 years and had recently finished remodeling inside from the last flood in 2015. Maurath is an alderman in Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Mike Raeber checks the level of the rising waters from the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton, as it approached his sandbags. Raeber lives on Park Meadow Drive. A creek that runs behind his house was backing up from the Meramec. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes The quickly rising waters of the Meramec River were hitting the bottom of the bridge on Old Gravois on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in old town Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes A sandbag wall was not enough to keep the rising waters of the Meramec River away from the Animal Hospital on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. The hospital had recently been remodeled after it was damaged in the flood of 2015. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwater from the Meramec River swamps homes in Pacific on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Interstate 44 is covered by floodwater in both directions at the intersection of Highway 141 in St. Louis County on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwater from the Meramec River surrounds a home off of Riverside Farm Drive near Eureka, Mo. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Floodwaters from the Meramec River cover Interstate 44 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. This view is looking westbound from the intersection of I-44 and Highway 141. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Meramec River continues to rise and push flood waters higher at the intersection of I-44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. The flooding stopped the highway construction in the background that will add new lanes to the intersection. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Meramec River continues to rise and push floodwaters higher around businesses, such as this scrap metal business at the intersection of Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Highway workers stand next to the flooded lanes of Highway 141 at Interstate 44 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park, as the Meramec River continues to rise. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The unfinished flyover lanes are surrounded by flood waters from the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. The new lanes are supposed to ease congestion at the intersection of Interstate 44 and Highway 141, but will do nothing to prevent the intersection from flooding. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com A family of geese swims on what normally is the Riverside Golf Course on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton, as the waters from the nearby Meramec River continue to rise. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com A highway sign is surrounded by debris on the exit ramp of Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park, as the waters of the Meramec River continue to cascade down the exit ramp into the flooded intersection. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com A view of the flooded intersection of Interstate 44 and Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, from the top floor of the Drury Inn in Valley Park. The flooded Meramec River has shut down all traffic at the intersection. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Meramec River continues to rise and push flood waters close to the bottom of the bridge deck of Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes A man walks his baby past the flooded waters on Smizer Mill Road on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in unincorporated St. Louis county. The flooded Meramec River has pushed covered the roads near Meramec Station Road along I-44. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Water boils out of the storm drains at the intersection of Interstate 44 and Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park from the rising Meramec River. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Larkin-Williams Road is flooded next to Fenton Park and the Riverside Golf Course on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton, as the nearby waters of the Meramec River continue to rise. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Meramec River continues to rise and push flood waters higher at the intersection of Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. The flooding stopped the highway construction in the background that will add new lanes to the intersection. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Barb Neels, 78, looks at the rising water of the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Neels has lived on Riverside Drive next to the Riverside Drive golf course for the past 55 years and has never seen flooding like this, except for the flood in 2015. Behind her is her son, Darryl Davidson. Many neighbor volunteers helped sandbag around Neels home. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Homeowner Tom Bell, 71, (center) takes a break from sandbagging and flood preparation with his friends Jerry Geolat (left) and Stan Erlinger on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Bell lives on Riverside drive, across from the flooded Riverside Golf Course. Bell is hoping that he is better prepared than he was in 2015 when the Meramec River did a great deal of damage to his home. Bell was told that the 2015 flood was a 500 year flood. He never thought he would have to go through this again. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com A woman looks out at the high water surrounding Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park, from the top floor of the Drury Inn. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Homeowner Tom Bell, 71, (left) and his friend Stan Erlinger take a break from sandbagging and flood preparation on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Bell lives on Riverside Drive, across from the flooded Riverside Golf Course. Bell is hoping that he is better prepared than he was in 2015 when the Meramec River did a great deal of damage to his home. Bell was told that the 2015 flood was a 500 year flood. He never thought he would have to go through this again. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Golf carts from the Riverside Golf course are parked on high ground as geese swim on one of the fairways on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. The golf course is next to the Meramec River. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Cristina M. Fletes A view of Interstate 44, looking west from Geyer Road, at about 8 a.m. on Tuesday, May, 2017. Westbound I-44 traffic is being re-routed west of Interstate 270 due to fooding. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses and homes near Pacific Station Plaza on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan "Well they said my house did not take in any water in 2015," said Tobie Deslo, who pretends to be a damsel in distress so her boyfriend Jamie Null would carry her to higher ground on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. "We keep walking back and forth to check," she said. Deslo lives on South Columbus Street. Deslo's home and her neighbor's were completely surrounded by water Tuesday. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses along E. Osage Street on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses and homes near Pacific Station Plaza on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan "I spent last year doing this too," said residentJason Faszold, who sandbagged around the Pacific Library on W. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Faszold's parents own the historic building which was the original home of Wolf Hardware. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Dallas Cullen, 14, takes a much needed break to visit with friends and family after sandbagging most of Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses along E. Osage Street on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses along E. Osage Street on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Family and friends helped Ken Schlepper (beard) sandbag the outside of his soon be open restaurant along E. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Hundreds of volunteers spent the day sandbagging businesses along St. Louis Street. The businesses are concerned that if flash flooding occurs later in the week, the backwash might flood the street. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Trucks carrying sandbags and volunteers drive down W. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Hundreds of volunteers spent the day sandbagging businesses along St. Louis Street. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Trucks carrying sandbags and volunteers drive down W. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Hundreds of volunteers spent the day sandbagging businesses along St. Louis Street. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan "We just wanted to take a break from sandbagging to see the water," said John Holmes (left) who drove his buddies Zach Rennich and Michael Robinson around on his make-shift train on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, near the flooded Pacific Station Plaza in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan "We just wanted to take a break from sandbagging to see the water," said John Holmes (left) who drove his buddies Zach Rennich and Michael Robinson around on his make-shift train on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, near the flooded Pacific Station Plaza in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Family and friends helped Ken Schlepper (beard) sandbag the outside of his soon be open restaurant along E. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Hundreds of volunteers spent the day sandbagging businesses along St. Louis Street. The businesses are concerned that if flash flooding occurs later in the week, the backwash might flood the street. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com topical featured With 'no good alternate routes,' road closures cut off Jefferson County From staff reports 5 hrs ago (…) Buy Now David Carson A boat carrying sandbags moves down South Central Avenue in Eureka on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. As the floodwater from the Meramec River approached a record crest the sandbags protecting business appeared to be holding back the water. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Traffic flows freely on Interstate 55 as floodwater from the Meramec River creeps up on the road surface on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Official announced today that they will be forced to close the the highway early Wednesday because rising floodwater is expected spill into the highway. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Volunteers fill sandbags on North Central Avenue in Eureka on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. As the floodwater from the Meramec River approached a record crest the sandbags protecting business appeared to be holding back the water. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwater from the Meramec River creeps up South Central Avenue in Eureka on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. As the floodwater from the Meramec River approached a record crest the sandbags protecting business appeared to be holding back the water. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwater from the Meramec River swamps homes in Pacific on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwaters from a rising Meramec River are held back by the levy surrounding Valley Park on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Barb Neels, 78, looks out her front door at the rising waters of the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Neels has lived on Riverside Drive next to the Riveside Drive golf course for the past 55 years and has never seen flooding like this, except for the flood in 2015, when the waters filled her basement. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Barb Neels, 78, looks over her sandbags at the rising waters of the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Neels has lived on Riverside Drive next to the Riveside Drive golf course for the past 55 years and has never seen flooding like this, except for the flood in 2015, when the waters filled her basement. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes A Welcome to Fenton sign has the rising waters of the Meramec River almost touching in old town Fenton on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. All of the businesses along Old Gravois near the river are underwater. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Terry McKenna (left) gets help from friends Joe Maurath and Larry Heinemann to place more sandbags around the basement of his home on Park Meadow Drive to stop the rising waters of the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. A creek in the back of McKenna's home is backing up from the Meramec. Maurath is an alderman in Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes John Tosti (left) owner of Tosti's Transmission can only watch with his friend Joe Maurath as the rising waters of the Meramec River creep up the sides of his business on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in old town Fenton. Tosti said he has owned the business for the past 31 years and had recently finished remodeling inside from the last flood in 2015. Maurath is an alderman in Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Mike Raeber checks the level of the rising waters from the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton, as it approached his sandbags. Raeber lives on Park Meadow Drive. A creek that runs behind his house was backing up from the Meramec. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes The quickly rising waters of the Meramec River were hitting the bottom of the bridge on Old Gravois on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in old town Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes A sandbag wall was not enough to keep the rising waters of the Meramec River away from the Animal Hospital on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. The hospital had recently been remodeled after it was damaged in the flood of 2015. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwater from the Meramec River swamps homes in Pacific on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Interstate 44 is covered by floodwater in both directions at the intersection of Highway 141 in St. Louis County on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwater from the Meramec River surrounds a home off of Riverside Farm Drive near Eureka, Mo. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Floodwaters from the Meramec River cover Interstate 44 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. This view is looking westbound from the intersection of I-44 and Highway 141. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Meramec River continues to rise and push flood waters higher at the intersection of I-44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. The flooding stopped the highway construction in the background that will add new lanes to the intersection. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Meramec River continues to rise and push floodwaters higher around businesses, such as this scrap metal business at the intersection of Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Highway workers stand next to the flooded lanes of Highway 141 at Interstate 44 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park, as the Meramec River continues to rise. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The unfinished flyover lanes are surrounded by flood waters from the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. The new lanes are supposed to ease congestion at the intersection of Interstate 44 and Highway 141, but will do nothing to prevent the intersection from flooding. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com A family of geese swims on what normally is the Riverside Golf Course on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton, as the waters from the nearby Meramec River continue to rise. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com A highway sign is surrounded by debris on the exit ramp of Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park, as the waters of the Meramec River continue to cascade down the exit ramp into the flooded intersection. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com A view of the flooded intersection of Interstate 44 and Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, from the top floor of the Drury Inn in Valley Park. The flooded Meramec River has shut down all traffic at the intersection. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Meramec River continues to rise and push flood waters close to the bottom of the bridge deck of Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes A man walks his baby past the flooded waters on Smizer Mill Road on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in unincorporated St. Louis county. The flooded Meramec River has pushed covered the roads near Meramec Station Road along I-44. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Water boils out of the storm drains at the intersection of Interstate 44 and Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park from the rising Meramec River. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Larkin-Williams Road is flooded next to Fenton Park and the Riverside Golf Course on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton, as the nearby waters of the Meramec River continue to rise. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Meramec River continues to rise and push flood waters higher at the intersection of Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. The flooding stopped the highway construction in the background that will add new lanes to the intersection. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Barb Neels, 78, looks at the rising water of the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Neels has lived on Riverside Drive next to the Riverside Drive golf course for the past 55 years and has never seen flooding like this, except for the flood in 2015. Behind her is her son, Darryl Davidson. Many neighbor volunteers helped sandbag around Neels home. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Homeowner Tom Bell, 71, (center) takes a break from sandbagging and flood preparation with his friends Jerry Geolat (left) and Stan Erlinger on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Bell lives on Riverside drive, across from the flooded Riverside Golf Course. Bell is hoping that he is better prepared than he was in 2015 when the Meramec River did a great deal of damage to his home. Bell was told that the 2015 flood was a 500 year flood. He never thought he would have to go through this again. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com A woman looks out at the high water surrounding Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park, from the top floor of the Drury Inn. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Homeowner Tom Bell, 71, (left) and his friend Stan Erlinger take a break from sandbagging and flood preparation on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Bell lives on Riverside Drive, across from the flooded Riverside Golf Course. Bell is hoping that he is better prepared than he was in 2015 when the Meramec River did a great deal of damage to his home. Bell was told that the 2015 flood was a 500 year flood. He never thought he would have to go through this again. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Golf carts from the Riverside Golf course are parked on high ground as geese swim on one of the fairways on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. The golf course is next to the Meramec River. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses and homes near Pacific Station Plaza on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan "Well they said my house did not take in any water in 2015," said Tobie Deslo, who pretends to be a damsel in distress so her boyfriend Jamie Null would carry her to higher ground on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. "We keep walking back and forth to check," she said. Deslo lives on South Columbus Street. Deslo's home and her neighbor's were completely surrounded by water Tuesday. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses along E. Osage Street on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses and homes near Pacific Station Plaza on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan "I spent last year doing this too," said residentJason Faszold, who sandbagged around the Pacific Library on W. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Faszold's parents own the historic building which was the original home of Wolf Hardware. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Dallas Cullen, 14, takes a much needed break to visit with friends and family after sandbagging most of Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses along E. Osage Street on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses along E. Osage Street on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Family and friends helped Ken Schlepper (beard) sandbag the outside of his soon be open restaurant along E. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Hundreds of volunteers spent the day sandbagging businesses along St. Louis Street. The businesses are concerned that if flash flooding occurs later in the week, the backwash might flood the street. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Trucks carrying sandbags and volunteers drive down W. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Hundreds of volunteers spent the day sandbagging businesses along St. Louis Street. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Trucks carrying sandbags and volunteers drive down W. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Hundreds of volunteers spent the day sandbagging businesses along St. Louis Street. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan "We just wanted to take a break from sandbagging to see the water," said John Holmes (left) who drove his buddies Zach Rennich and Michael Robinson around on his make-shift train on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, near the flooded Pacific Station Plaza in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan "We just wanted to take a break from sandbagging to see the water," said John Holmes (left) who drove his buddies Zach Rennich and Michael Robinson around on his make-shift train on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, near the flooded Pacific Station Plaza in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Family and friends helped Ken Schlepper (beard) sandbag the outside of his soon be open restaurant along E. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Hundreds of volunteers spent the day sandbagging businesses along St. Louis Street. The businesses are concerned that if flash flooding occurs later in the week, the backwash might flood the street. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com ARNOLD • The old adage “you can’t get there from here” may soon become the mantra of a large section of the St. Louis metro area, as flooding cuts off key routes between St. Louis and Jefferson counties. The expected closure of Interstate 55, Lemay Ferry and Telegraph roads overnight Tuesday is severing untold numbers of employees from their jobs and leading school districts such as Lindbergh and Mehlville to close school Wednesday due to a crisis of staffing. Greg Horn, district engineer for the Missouri Department of Transportation, laid out the choice that faced residents on both sides of the Meramec River on Tuesday. “You all are going to have to decide what side of the river you want to be on before you go to bed tonight, because you’re not going to be able to go back and forth,” Horn said. The flooding has already crippled key traffic arteries, chief among them I-44 at Highway 141, which is expected to be underwater for days. Other closures, starting from the west, include Highway F south of Pacific and Highway 109 in Eureka at the river. But in those cases, alternative routes — albeit time-consuming ones — have remained available. That’s not the case as the arteries between Jefferson and St. Louis counties are closed, which also include Highway 30 (Gravois Road). “Alternate routes? There are really no good alternate routes,” Horn said. “Cape Girardeau is probably the closest way, so that’s a long way.” “This is a huge event, probably the biggest we’ve ever had,” Horn added. Residents in Arnold prepared for their pending isolation Tuesday afternoon, with grocery store parking lots bustling. Betty Hill, an Imperial resident, said she was coming to the Arnold Walmart to stock up on items, preparing to be stuck at home for a few days. Hill is retired, but she’s worried about her son having access to his machinist job across the river. He might have to miss work, she said. “In 2015 we were stuck on the highway for five hours,” Hill recalls of the flooding 16 months ago that briefly closed I-55. This time, Hill said, she and her family are not messing around. Students at National Academy of Beauty Arts started leaving about noon Tuesday, instructor Kelly Jennemann said. The beauty school is closing on Wednesday and possibly Thursday. Jennemann said it wasn’t worth the risk because most of the students come from the other side of the river. A manager at the Arnold Hotshots location said the flooding actually helped their business. In 2015, area businesses put their employees up in hotels, such as the Drury Inn in the same parking lot, and those people needed somewhere to eat. He said the bar and grill was putting its own waitresses up in hotels so they didn’t have to worry about getting stuck among road closures. Canceling classes The two largest school systems in south St. Louis County – Lindbergh and Mehlville – said opening schools Wednesday would simply be impossible, because of a lack of teachers, bus drivers and food service workers who live in Jefferson County. “With the closure of 55 and there being no way around the Meramec, we don’t have any other option,” said Beth Johnston, spokeswoman for Lindbergh Schools. Mehlville issued a similar statement: “While most of our families are not impacted, many of our employees live in Jefferson County and will be unable to get to school tomorrow. More than 20 percent of our employees reside in Jefferson County. Specifically, 22 bus routes would not have drivers. Our ability to transport kids to school, have meaningful instruction, serve meals and safely supervise students would be significantly compromised.” Some districts, such as Northwest, have also decided to close because they worry that students or parents may be unable to reach school or return home from school because of road closures. Northwest Superintendent Paul Ziegler also said having clean water for students was a concern. Northwest schools are currently relying on shipments of thousands of water bottles because flooding has complicated water utilities. The Rockwood School District — which had previously closed only select schools — announced it was canceling all classes Wednesday, partly because of staffing struggles. Valley Park and Fox are among the school systems that have previously closed. ‘We can’t really do much’ Hospitals near flooded areas — St. Anthony’s Medical Center, SSM St. Clare Hospital and Des Peres Hospital — are making accommodations for staff to stay overnight if they fear not being able to drive to or from their homes. For employees unable to make it to work, managers have made sure their shifts are covered, officials say. The hospitals are fully stocked with food, linens and medical supplies. “We know the drill,” said communications coordinator Joe Poelker with St. Anthony’s, speaking from experience with similar flooding in December 2015. The Bowles Avenue exit from Interstate 44 — the main route to St. Clare Hospital — remains open and is expected to remain open despite being in the closure area west of Interstate 270, hospital representative Stephanie Zoller said. Charles Wilken, the director of marketing at Fabick Cat in Fenton, said the company had already moved equipment to higher ground in anticipation of the rising floodwater. The company, which sells and services Caterpillar equipment, sits just west of the Meramec River but was mostly unscathed by the 2015 floods. “We’re going to stay open as long as we can,” Wilken said. Two miles west on Interstate 44, sales and marketing firm Maritz told its employees to work from home Tuesday and Wednesday unless they absolutely needed to come in for business. Maritz’s Fenton headquarters was still accessible, spokeswoman Jennifer Larsen said, but many if not most of the company’s employees didn’t work from the office Tuesday. Almost 1,800 people work at Maritz’s Fenton headquarters. At 84 Lumber in Arnold, managers are playing it by ear. The Arnold location has taken in a truck and materials from the Valley Park location, which co-manager Jarrett Halley said was flooded. But with the roads around them closed, making deliveries impossible, Halley said he was not really sure what the rest of the week would look like. “This absolutely affects our business,” he said. “If we can’t do deliveries, we can’t really do much.” He said enough employees lived close by that the shop would stay open. Slow going +49  Buy Now A view of Interstate 44, looking west from Geyer Road, at about 8 a.m. on Tuesday, May, 2017. Westbound I-44 traffic is being re-routed west of Interstate 270 due to fooding. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com Cristina M. Fletes Officials say that for the most part drivers were adapting to the detours Tuesday. Many drivers used Manchester Road (Highway 100) as an alternative to Interstate 44. Mark Diedrich, the St. Louis County emergency management agency director, said the morning’s commute was not as bad as feared. “I don’t think it was great, but I think people expected it and prepared for it,” Diedrich said. Officials had warned that it would be extremely slow going on Manchester, which even under normal times has a high traffic flow and can get tied up. MoDOT officials said the worst jams on Highway 100 occurred in a two-lane segment between Gray Summit and Highway T in the St. Albans area. East of there where the road has more lanes, Horn said, “it wasn’t good but wasn’t horrible.” MoDOT officials urged motorists on Manchester to avoid making left turns as much as possible. In an effort to keep traffic moving, they said, the duration of left turn signals on Manchester and streets crossing had been reduced. Authorities said it appeared drivers listened. Some area schools were closed, also helping keep some traffic of the road. The closures will probably last the week and quite possibly into the weekend. Even after water recedes, Horn said, roads and bridges have to be checked for damage and repaired if need be. For example, I-44 flooded near Lebanon, Mo., on Sunday. The water has largely receded, but there was significant damage to the pavement, and it may be the weekend before the interstate reopens. Utility woes The rising Meramec is disrupting operations for some water and sewer facilities, but other plants expect to have enough flood protection to avoid interruptions in service. Missouri American Water is planning to shut down one of its south St. Louis County treatment facilities on Wednesday morning, prompting utility officials to ask customers to limit water usage. “Our capacity is going to go down by about 10 percent, so we’re going to need people to conserve water,” said Missouri American spokesman Brian Russell. Metropolitan St. Louis Sewer District wastewater treatment facilities in Valley Park and Fenton are both threatened by floodwater, as well. But MSD representatives say protective barriers around each are expected to withstand the projected river crests. “We’re as prepared as we can be right now,” said MSD executive director and CEO Brian Hoelscher, adding that both Fenton and Grand Glaize in Valley Park were “under control.” The two treatment plants were overwhelmed by floodwater in late 2015. The Fenton plant was out of service until April, releasing raw sewage into the Meramec River for months. This time, Hoelscher said, forecasts gave the sewer district more time to build defenses around the treatment plants. “We learned from last time and we had a lot more warning,” he said. But the longer the crest lasts, the more risk there is that temporary sandbag and concrete barriers protecting them might fail, he cautioned. MSD has made some changes, Hoelscher said. For instance, electrical controls in Fenton have been raised so they are less likely to be damaged by flooding. Manholes and pipes where rainwater was seeping into the sewer system and backing up into the plant — a major contributor to its flooding in 2015 — have been repaired. MSD has applied for funds from the Federal Emergency Management Agency to help raise the Fenton plant’s levee by a few feet. It was already designed for so-called “500-year” flood protection. The utility has also received about 600 calls of water backups and has responded to roughly half of them, according to spokesman Sean Hadley. Amtrak service halted The flooding prompted Amtrak to suspend rail service across Missouri. Kristi Jamison, with MoDOT, said ticketed passengers for trips between St. Louis and Kansas City would be transported by bus. She said passengers should expect delays because buses would have to detour around flooded roads. Jamison said it was possible the tracks would reopen by Saturday but that would depend on whether more rain fell this week. Post-Dispatch reporters Bryce Gray, Ashley Jost, Kristen Taketa, Jacob Barker, Michele Munz and Mark Schlinkmann contributed to this report. Online Meramec River towns battle rising water 8 hrs ago (…) Metro Live updates: I-55 expected to close as rivers continue to rise 11 hrs ago (…) A look at the latest news on flooding in the St. Louis area. People dealing with flood problems can leave pets temporarily — and for free — with Humane Society The Humane Society of Missouri is setting up two drop-off spots for pet owners Tuesday and Wednesday.  Health officials issue precautions if exposed to flood water Flood waters and standing water pose several public health threats including infectious diseases, chemical hazards and injuries, health officials warn. West Alton urges residents to leave as Missouri River rises The river is predicted to crest Thursday at 36.3, the exact height that the levee system is designed for, officials said. Tags Flooding 2017 Jefferson County Arnold Lindbergh Schools Rockwood Schools Mehlville Schools Road Commerce Company Highway Employee Transports View (…) comments Most popular I-55 to close tonight at the Meramec, cutting off southern part of region, MoDOT says Overbuilt levees upstream reignite skepticism about ones near St. Louis Lincoln County prosecutor's loan bailout raises questions, complaint New Meramec River forecasts show record or near-record crests coming in Eureka, Valley Park Messenger: Family wages fight against bank that took its business, home Follow us Latest in section Stunning images: The view from above the flood of 2017 Anxiety builds along the Meramec River as flood water nears crest Hazelwood teachers say board refusing to negotiate new contract West Alton urges residents to leave as Missouri River rises With 'no good alternate routes,' road closures cut off Jefferson County Quick links Aisha Sultan Bill McClellan Current Affairs Garage and estate sales Government pay Joe's St. Louis Kevin Horrigan Lottery Obituaries Pat Gauen Press releases Tony Messenger Traffic map Enter each week to win curb-appealing prizes! Subscribe today Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
WED, MAY 03, 2017 | 5 °C Mainly cloudy Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search News Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 5 hours ago LCBO recalls Bombay Sapphire gin due to wrong alcohol content The Liquor Control Board of Ontario is issuing a recall of the 1.14-litre... Latest News SEE MORE LCBO recalling Bombay Sapphire London Dry Gin Sajjan to reveal defence-spending 'hole' Security cameras coming to Galt core as part of Cambridge pilot project Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 7 hours ago Ascent buys former BlackBerry data centre in Cambridge BlackBerry has sold a sprawling data centre in Cambridge to a U.S. company... Latest Business News SEE MORE Home Capital delays release of Q1 earnings Apple sells fewer iPhones in last quarter Intact Financial to buy U.S. specialty insurer Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 4 hours ago Black returns to San Diego with NL West-leading Rockies Black returns to San Diego with NL West-leading Rockies Latest Sports News SEE MORE Bush ‘confident’ he will complete Marlins sale, but Romney’s bid in consideration Indians ace Kluber leaves game with back discomfort Penguins star Sidney Crosby out with another concussion Arts & Entertainment TV Listings Movies News+Reviews Movie Listings Dining Out Music Contests Events Books Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region Wow 7 hours ago Bryce Dallas Howard's crush on Matthew McConaughey Bryce Dallas Howard had a crush on Matthew McConaughey when she was a... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Matt Bomer's family ignored him for 'six months' after he came out as gay New book sheds light on political revolt Excerpt from former Manitoba minister's book Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 11 hours ago This weekend, come learn about the community you call home On the weekend of May 6 and May 7, the City of Hamilton will once again... Editorial cartoon April 13, 2017 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Crowdfunding Canada 150 Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness 7 hours ago Cambridge family reunited with dog lost for nine days in Huntsville It was a happy ending for one Cambridge family. Latest Stories SEE MORE Aquafaba, or 'bean water,' can replace eggs Canada 150: The story of Canada's first women's shelter Canadian inventors have changed the world Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 9 hours ago Wednesday, May 3: Your daily horoscope HAPPY BIRTHDAY for Wednesday, May 3, 2017: This year you open up to a... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Dear Ellie: Advice for afraid of losing contact with his children Magical ‘bean water’ can replace eggs in baking for vegans Freeze the miso, rinse the chicken? Test your food-safety knowledge Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 51% off a Massage discount: 51% | value: $80.00 | You Save: $41.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Cambridge Insurance Brokers Excel! Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 51% off a Massage discount: 51% | value: $80.00 | You Save: $41.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Loyalty pays dividends! Home News Local Man claiming to be murder suspect alleges details... | 9 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 Man claiming to be murder suspect alleges details of Kitchener stabbing death in Reddit post Hasan and Vasilije SYSTEM Ager Mohsin Hasan and Melinda Vasilije in an undated photo linked to a Reddit post that claims to be written by Hassan. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Liz Monteiro WATERLOO REGION — A person claiming to be Ager Mohsin Hasan, the man who faces a second-degree murder charge in connection with the death of Melinda Vasilije, said he stabbed the woman in self-defence in a Reddit post that has since been removed from the site. In the online statement posted late Monday night, the writer says he was protecting himself when his ex-girlfriend came at him with a knife. "Out of shock and fear I grab one (knife). I hit her with it, almost blindly. A few times," the person wrote. "I was confused, shocked and scared. I had no intentions of that happening. When I left I honestly thought she just passed out. Then I looked at the blood, and started freaking out and just ran." The writer said he didn't know the woman was dead until the following day. "I honestly had no intentions of ever doing that to her, I was protecting myself," the writer said. Hasan, a 24-year-old Hamilton man, is on the run. Waterloo Regional Police say he fled to the United States on Friday only hours after Vasilije was found dead. Vasilije was stabbed multiple times and found inside her apartment at 38 Country Hill Dr. around 3 a.m. Friday morning. Hasan was last reportedly seen in Erie County, Penn., on Friday morning when a man matching his description was seen switching licence plates in a Walmart parking lot. He hasn't been seen since. In a statement, Waterloo Regional Police said Tuesday that they are aware of the Reddit post and that the information is being examined by investigators. "Information like this is potential evidence and, as such, needs to be authenticated and verified," said Insp. Mike Haffner. Police said they will not comment further on the Reddit post. Evidence on the charge of second-degree murder will be presented in court which will evaluate the information, Haffner said. In an interview, Hasan's mother, Sozan Jamil, said she believes the Reddit post was written by her son because of the photos posted along with the text. "No one else has those pictures," she said. Jamil said she still hasn't heard from her son. She said she found the Reddit post online and contacted police to make them aware of it. The post was removed by early Tuesday afternoon. Police encourage Hasan to turn himself into police in the United States. In the post, the person says he was in a relationship with Vasilije after being apart. He said the couple had talked about marriage and children, and that families on both sides had met each other. The writer said the pair agreed to meet on Friday after texting. The writer said he arrived at the apartment: "We just cuddled, kissed and talked about everything." But things turned sour when Vasilije asked the man if he had been with someone else while they were apart. He admitted he had. "She started freaking out. Wouldn't say a word and just kept slapping me with tears in her eyes. Slaps turned into hits," the post read. The writer said he pushed her and she fell, hitting the sink. She told him to leave. "I go up to her to try and give her a hug, almost out no where she grabs a knife by the sink," the post read. "She comes at me in full force, aiming toward my face. I tell her to stop. She doesn't, I tried grabbing the knife but ended up cutting my hands. After a few cuts I lost it," the post said. In the post, the person says he didn't mean to do it and apologizes to Vasilije's family. "I know it will not will be accepted but know I didn't mean anything bad to happened that night when I went there. Rest in peace my beautiful. I hope you forgive me in the after life," the post read. The post says the pair had been in a relationship for more than a year. In April, they broke up and he arrived at her apartment. A fight broke out with two other men who were at the apartment. Police have said Hasan was ordered not to enter Waterloo Region and to not make contact with Vasilije after he was charged with an alleged break-and-enter and two alleged assaults at her Country Hill Drive apartment on April 3. In the Reddit post, the writer said he did not plan Vasilije's death. "I always have a passport in the car and decided to just get away for a few days before turning myself in or killing myself," the post said. The post also shows various photographs of the couple and a text conversation on Friday before the man alleged to be Hasan arrived at the Kitchener apartment. Meanwhile, the family of Vasilije is holding a visitation for her at Westmount Memorial Celebration Centre on Tuesday. Her funeral is on Wednesday. Anyone with information on Hasan or his whereabouts is asked to call Waterloo Regional Police at 519-650-8500, ext. 8666. lmonteiro@therecord.com Twitter: @MonteiroRecord Liz Monteiro can be reached via Twitter @MonteiroRecord | Most Read SEE MORE Waterloo Region home buyers pushed to the brink Man claiming to be murder suspect alleges details of Kitchener stabbing death in Reddit post Hamilton man faces second-degree murder charges in Kitchener woman’s death Locally-owned horse in Kentucky Derby Widow fights feds over CPP benefits denial In Your Neighbourhood Today Simply Greek: Waterloo’s newest, finest Greek restaurant Greek food has been brought deliciously to life at Simply Greek — Waterloo’s newest, and possibly... Buying a home or renting: How to determine which to choose Tracy Valko of Dominion Lending Centres in Kitchener has heard this question many times before:... When there's no time to cook, Your Village Market has you covered Let Your Village Market in Cambridge help make your next meal easy and delicious. They'll do the... A limousine is the right choice for almost any occasion Now in its third decade in business, Kitchener-Waterloo’s Boulevard Limousine boasts a fleet of... Get game: Home billiard tables and more for your family game room Associated Bowling & Billiards in Guelph has been helping generations of satisfied customers with... Automotive climate control: The key to driving comfort Morrison Automotive in Cambridge specializes in complete automotive repair services for all makes... Work While You Play, Play While You Work: The Case for Semi-Retirement “Time doesn't stop just because you no longer work full-time at a corporation. You still have to... Account allocation is key within a successful investment portfolio Everyone knows they should save for a better future, but how much you'll actually get out of your... Hallman Ironworks: Where their hearts are as big as their talent At Hallman Ironworks in Kitchener, they not only have amazing handcrafted wrought iron pieces for... Budget Windows & Doors Budget Windows & Doors in Kitchener can help you replace your old windows and doors with new, high... Saving Matters: For the Full-Time Family Getting the kids ready for school in the morning is a full-time job, while you get ready to head to... Easy ways to make an older rental kitchen look like new When you have a party or get-together in your small living space, your guests probably end up... Concrete driveways: How long should they last? A concrete driveway should easily last decades and will certainly outlast other aspects of your... Understanding Your Tax Free Savings Account You may have heard of a TFSA before. They are offered at a lot of financial institutions. A Tax... Spring into patio season with TERRA With each week that passes, and the increasingly warmer temperatures, many of us are drawn to... Putting more found money in your pocket It’s a feeling so many of us are familiar with. On a cold fall day, you pull your winter coat... The perfect recipe for a family gathering Anniversaries tend to bring people together, especially when it's a big milestone — and Catelli... Open your mind and floor space with multi-purpose furniture So, you’ve moved into a rather small, but cute apartment and you want to make it feel like home.... 5 tips to make your rental living room Pinterest-worthy You may think beautiful living rooms in small living spaces exist only in magazines, but think... Make an air plant work of art If you’ve ever wanted to reap the benefits of plants in your home, but don’t want to deal with the... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   54% off New York Hand-Cut AA/AAA Striploin Steaks $80 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal 46% off Beef Hamburger Patties $30 View Deal 50% off Baby Back Ribs $55 View Deal 56% off Ground Bison $35 View Deal 51% off a Massage $39 View Deal 50% off a Cemetery Monument or Accessories $250 View Deal View All Deals MORE LOCAL Family mourning death of 3-year-old fire victim Security cameras coming to Galt core as part of Cambridge pilot project Square off over pensions as Stelco restructuring enters final stages 1993 Goudie nursing home historically significant, heritage committee says Kingdom come for Elmira’s never-say-die Jr. B crew The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 #1359, 06 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap Squarespace   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac EagleFiler 1.7.6 Parallels Desktop 12.2.0 Lightroom CC 2015.10 and Lightroom 6.10 Evernote 6.11 OmniFocus 2.9     Related Articles A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Setting Up Accessories and Rooms (16 Jan 17)     Other articles in the series A Prairie HomeKit Companion Using Philips Hue Lights as a Hurricane and Tornado Alert (03 Mar 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Fine Tuning with the Other “Home” App (21 Feb 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Automating Your Home (10 Feb 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Controlling Accessories (16 Jan 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Setting Up Accessories and Rooms (16 Jan 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Core Concepts (03 Nov 16) Getting Started with the Philips Hue Smart Light Bulbs (01 Aug 16)     Published in TidBITS 1367. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Take Control Books Acquired by Joe Kissell Three Reasons to Try the Opera Web Browser Apple’s New Clips App Is iMovie for the Social Age ExtraBITS for 1 May 2017 TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 1 May 2017     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 01 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (10) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Two Smart Outlets by Josh Centers The Centers clan is in the midst of a move. We outgrew the old prairie home — my current office often looked like an outtake from the show “Hoarders” — so we’re moving on to greener pastures. But the hustle, bustle, and boxes (so many boxes) make it difficult to review HomeKit accessories properly until we get resettled. That’s why I’d like to talk about one of the simplest types of home automation accessory you can buy: the humble smart outlet. Smart outlets are an excellent way to get started with HomeKit because they’re cheap, simple, and easy to reposition. Just plug a smart outlet into an ordinary wall outlet, plug an appliance into the smart outlet, do a little software setup, and you’re done. Before you invest in a smart outlet, be aware of their limitations. All they do is toggle power on and off to any connected appliances. They won’t dim your lights or adjust the output of your heater. They work best with devices that activate when plugged in, especially those with “hard” switches like electric heaters, fans, lamps, and window air conditioning units. Unsure if a particular appliance will work with a smart switch? Plug it into a power strip and turn on the device. Then turn the power strip off and back on. If your appliance kicks back on, you know that it will work well with a smart outlet. Which smart outlet should you buy? I’ll discuss two that I own: the Elgato Eve Energy and the iHome iSP5. The kind folks at Tin Drum PR provided me with the Eve Energy — it retails for about $50 — while I purchased the iHome iSP5 from Walmart for about $40. iHome also offers the fancier iSP8, which includes a physical remote control, for about $50. The Eve Energy and the iHome iSP5 are similar devices, but if you see them side by side, you immediately notice the size difference. The face of the Eve Energy is square — about 2.5 inches (6.35 cm) wide and long — and 1.125 inches (2.86 cm) thick. The iSP5 is about 2.75 inches (6.98 cm) wide, 1.375 inches (3.49 cm) tall, and 1.4375 inches (3.65 cm) thick. In other words, the iHome is about half as tall but a little thicker than the Eve Energy. Depending on your particular situation, one may fit better than the other. Even though the Eve Energy is larger overall, its thinner profile makes a better option in tight spaces such as behind bookcases. Both smart outlets feature a manual power button. The iSP5’s button, which you press to turn the outlet on and off, is tucked away in the upper-right corner. The Eve Energy’s button is right on the front, but you must hold the button down for a few seconds to turn it on and off. As far as setup and operation goes, both set up quickly in Apple’s Home app, which I covered in “A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Setting Up Accessories and Rooms” (16 January 2017). Both smart outlets also offer their own apps, but I usually don’t like to fool with them. They seldom provide any important advantage over Apple’s Home app and generally make things more complicated. The entire point of HomeKit is that you have a central interface for all of your home automation items, regardless of vendor. As far as using the smart outlets in Home, it’s a simple as tapping the icon to turn them on or off. Of course, you can also use them in Scenes and Automations. However, Apple’s Home app lacks one nice feature available from both Elgato’s Eve Energy app and the iHome Control app: power consumption monitoring. iHome’s app requires an online account, but Elgato’s doesn’t, so if you’re interested in that feature, I recommend the Eve Energy. In fact, iHome Control won’t even record those statistics until you create an account, but Eve Energy will quietly gather them in the background with no intervention necessary. I also find Eve Energy much better than iHome Control overall because it’s a full-service HomeKit controller. In contrast, iHome Control seems to work with only a few of my HomeKit devices. The main functional difference between these two smart outlets is that the iHome iSP5 relies on Wi-Fi, whereas the Eve Energy communicates via Bluetooth. The iSP5 is the winner here because Wi-Fi has much better range and responsiveness than Bluetooth. Elgato announced the Eve Extend Bluetooth range extender at CES 2017, but it has yet to materialize. Overall, I recommend the slightly cheaper iHome iSP5 over the Elgato Eve Energy unless Bluetooth is preferable to Wi-Fi in your environment, you’re particularly interested in power consumption monitoring, or the iSP5 is too thick for a tight space. If you’re curious about HomeKit automation, you can’t go wrong with a smart outlet like the iHome iSP5. It’s cheap, easy to set up, simple to uninstall, and a breeze to operate. Not only that, but these outlets are versatile, working with many different plug-in appliances. They may not be as much fun as the Philips Hue lights, but they’re easier on the bank account (see “Getting Started with the Philips Hue Smart Light Bulbs,” 1 August 2016). That’s all from the Prairie HomeKit Companion for now. I’ll check in again soon once I’ve had a chance to experiment with an entirely new house layout.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Leonard Smith, David Lipsky, Howard Kaufman, and Robert Meagher for their generous support!   Comments about A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Two Smart Outlets To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Amidst the chaos of a house move, Josh Centers takes a break to tell you about two HomeKit-compatible smart outlets that are easy to take with you wherever you may go. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Greg  2017-05-01 22:19 $50 ≠ cheap. But home automation seems to have many hurdles to overcome beyond price. How many apps and hubs does one need to make anything sensible? And there will almost always be the need to be able turn lights on and off without phones and apps—wives, kids, guests, etc. I am still intrigued though, geek that I am. But if my wife or a guest cannot walk into a room and turn on a light without detailed instructions it's not going to happen. Added to that is that iHome comes up with a warning about not working with future versions of iOS. So we set up rules using an app and then the app no longer functions. That'a winner! Reply Josh Centers   2017-05-02 09:14 I was skeptical of home automation, too, which is part of my motivation for writing this series. How many apps and hubs do you need? In my setup, I only really need the Hue app and the Hue hub; I can do everything else with the built-in Home app. Lights can still be turned on and off with a simple switch — the smart outlets I discuss here act as secondary switches, so if they're on, the light functions as normal. There are also smart switches now on the market, which I hope to cover in the near future. The iHome smart outlet should work as long as Apple supports HomeKit, whether the iHome app works or not. Reply Josh Centers   2017-05-02 09:25 Also, $50 is cheap in the home automation world. Reply Anton Rang  2017-05-02 00:33 I have a few of the iDevices switches (Wi-Fi, ≈$50). They generally work pretty well for me, and monitor energy usage without the need for an online account. The side plug is a bit unusual, but helps in situations where there’s not much room to add depth behind furniture, and allows the built-in light to be much larger. While I don’t really use it as a nightlight, I’ve set up scenes which switch the light color so that I can easily see at a glance whether the switch is on or not. That comes in handy with my home audio/video center, since the TV, DVD, etc. can be turned “off” but still drawing power if the switch was left on. Occasionally Siri won’t see the devices on the first try, particularly if I’m waking the phone up and immediately requesting a scene change. I’m not sure if that’s an issue with these devices or related to the phone not waiting long enough to detect them on the network. Reply Jean-Pierre SMITH  2017-05-02 03:18 This would be useful to me if I could command the smart outlet from the mac automation (when it says "ON" or "OFF"). I currently use Task Till Dawn for mac automation (for my night backups) and the outlets I use in conjunction with it to power "ON" and "OFF" my clones are just timers. Reply wieland hartwig   2017-05-02 06:25 I'm not sure about home automation. It is so primitive! I can do all of it in a jiffy by just flicking a switch. I don't need to use a computer or a phone to do that. Also, I generally know what the wattage of the appliance is that I use. I use my seniour brain to keep track of power usage. I don't get it. Reply Josh Centers   2017-05-02 09:25 I didn't get it either until I started using it. I thought, "Why would I spend all this money on these fancy Hue bulbs when I can just get up and flick a switch?" But a switch can't turn on your lights at a given time of day. A wall switch won't let you adjust your lights from your couch. Unless your house is wired for it, you can't flick a switch before entering a dark room. And I can't wait to have a smart thermostat so I can adjust the temperature of my house without leaving my bed. Our temperatures fluctuate wildly here in Tennessee, so you can go to bed warm and wake up at 2 AM shivering. That's going to be even more important in the new house since my thermostat will be downstairs and my bedroom upstairs. Reply HiC  2017-05-02 12:21 I have an iDevices switch in my kitchen with an electric kettle plugged into it. That way, whether from bed in the morning upon waking up, the couch in the evening watching Tv, or driving home from work and a few minutes away from home, I can just say, « Hey Siri, it's Teatime » and, voilà, hot water for tea is awaiting me upon getting up or arriving home. Sometimes, it's the little things that start to make the automation appealing and worthwhile. :) Reply David Chew  2017-05-02 17:10 Ah, the thermostat. My 92 yr old father-in-law moved in with us after he fell at night adjusting the thermostat. Our HVAC broke the next spring and when we replaced it, we installed a NEST. He would call me when I was at work and I would adjust the thermostat from my iPhone. A bit later I upgraded him from his flip phone to an iPhone and now he is able to adjust the thermostat by himself. Vital to him, since he broke a hip and a leg since he moved in and is no longer able to stand by himself. Reply Josh Centers   2017-05-02 17:39 Wow, that's amazing! Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Amidst the chaos of a house move, Josh Centers takes a break to tell you about two HomeKit-compatible smart outlets that are easy to take with you wherever you may go. Add a comment  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Home Create Account Log In Go Home News Weather Currents 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Interactive Weather Radar Rain Totals Severe Weather Alerts 3TV 360 Camera Network Good Morning AZ All Sections Print Many security guards told not to intervene during crimes Posted: Thursday, May 5, 2016 7:53 PM EDT Updated: Friday, May 6, 2016 12:30 AM EDT By Morgan Loew BioEmail Connect Biography morgan.loew@cbs5az.com Follow @morganloewcbs5 By Gilbert Zermeno Email Connect gilbert.zermeno@kpho.com By Edward Ayala Email Connect edward.ayala@cbs5az.com PHOENIX (CBS5) - A television commercial that appears to poke fun at security guards has exposed a common industry practice about which many people are unaware, according to security consultants who spoke to CBS 5 Investigates. That practice is that most security guards are told to "observe and report" crimes and suspicious behavior, rather than intervene to protect the victims. The TV commercial shows a bank robbery in progress. When a customer tells a security guard to "do something," the guard responds by saying, "I'm not really a security guard. I'm a security monitor. I only notify people if there is a robbery." The commercial is produced by LifeLock, an identity-theft prevention company based here in the Valley. Although the commercial appears to be a parody, security industry insiders tell CBS 5 Investigates that the premise is based on fact. "It is the most prevalent kind of security that exists here in the United States from private sector providers," said Karl de la Guerra, who is a security consultant with clients around the world. De la Guerra says these guards are told to observe, report crime or suspicious behavior to their supervisors or to police, then to stand by and be good witnesses for authorities. He says armed guards with orders to protect the public in the event of a crime have far more training and a higher price tag. "Much cheaper are the services that are simply 'report and observe,' compared to individuals that are armed and would take enforcement action," said de la Guerra. A robbery and assault in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart in Tucson in 2012 highlights what can happen when security guards do not approach suspicious-looking people. Maria Sklias was beaten and robbed by two men who were walking around the parking lot. The security guard on duty later told police he had been watching the men and suspected that they were “up to no good," but did not approach them. Surveillance video shows the security guard drive out of frame. Moments later, the men attack Sklias. "She sustained injuries from the top of her head to the bottom of her feet," said Joseph Watkins, who is Sklias’ attorney. “She had brain bleeds. She has paralysis on her right side. She was brutalized." In a lawsuit against the security guard’s employer, Securitas USA, Watkins alleges that the guard failed to follow standard procedure when he did not report the suspicious activity to Wal-Mart. "If the security guard had done his job, nothing more, nothing less, I wouldn’t be like that," said Sklias, who lost two businesses and her home after the attack. She says her injuries prevent her from working today. A spokesperson from Securitas told CBS 5 Investigates that the company was unable to comment because of ongoing litigation in the case. Attorneys for Securitas responded to the lawsuit by alleging that Sklias was responsible for her own injuries because of her own negligence. Watkins says the TV commercial showing the security guard's behavior during the robbery would be funny if it weren't true. "Every time I see that commercial, I don’t know whether to laugh or to cry because it is so true," said Watkins. Copyright 2016 KPHO (KPHO Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved. Connect with CBS5AZ   Saw it on CBS 5 News Tweets by @CBS5AZ Can't Find Something? Go HomeNewsWeatherGood Morning AZAll Sections All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Frankly Media and . All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments $4M from FEMA will help stop river erosion near Perrigo in Allegan Print Email Al Jones | ajones5@mlive.com By Al Jones | ajones5@mlive.com The Kalamazoo Gazette Follow on Twitter on May 02, 2017 at 4:30 PM, updated May 02, 2017 at 5:21 PM comments The North American headquarter of Perrigo Co. PLC is seen in white in this bird's-eye-view image from Google Maps. The City of Allegan will receive about $4 million from FEMA to help prevent further erosion of the Kalamazoo River streambank immediately to the west of it.Google Maps  ALLEGAN, MI -- The City of Allegan will receive $4 million in federal funding to help prevent further erosion of the Kalamazoo River banks near Perrigo Co. PLC's North American headquarters. That is the lion's share of an extensive $5.2 million project that will be undertaken to stop river-related erosion in a section of the river that abuts Perrigo, just west of the store-brand pharmaceutical maker's North America headquarters at 324 Eastern Ave. The heart of downtown Allegan is seen primarily on the left in this Google Maps image. The Kalamazoo River flows north and meanders for about 5.5 miles through the city, bordering sections of the downtown before eventually heading west and north toward Saugatuck. Perrigo Co. PLC's North American headquarters and campus can be seen on the right, east of the river.Google Maps  The city has been awarded a Hazard Mitigation Assistance Grant for $3.96 million by the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Another $1.3 million is to be paid by Perrigo to make the project possible. Perrigo is a worldwide leader in the development and manufacturing of generic prescription pharmaceuticals as well as over-the-counter medicines and consumer goods sold under the labels of major retailers such as Walgreen, Walmart and Kroger. The company reincorporated itself in Dublin, Ireland, in 2013 in order to take advantage of lower business tax rates there, but Allegan has remained its administrative headquarters and it is still the county's largest employer. It has about 4,000 Michigan employees, most in Allegan County. The river project is intended to stop river-related erosion from threatening land adjacent to Perrigo, which sits atop a bluff along the river. Allegan City Manager Joel Dye said the project is intended to stabilize an eroding stream bank and prevent further erosion. "Perrigo is a great employer located in the city of Allegan," Dye said. "We work with our employers and all members of the public to ensure that resources that we have are maintained in an appropriate fashion." Although Doug Brown, director of development for ASTI Environmental, was not immediately available to comment on the project, in a press release, his company stated, "The proposed mitigation action will protect the toe of the bank and the upper slope from further erosion, reestablish a more stable grade, and stabilize soils with native vegetation." A spokeswoman for Perrigo said Tuesday that the company is in a quiet period before it releases financial results and was therefore not available to comment on the project. This will be the second major river-related erosion mitigation project to be done in the last several years in Allegan. "Michigan Department of Transportation a few years ago did the M-222 project," Dye said, referring to an erosion prevention project undertaken about three years ago in a quarter-mile section of the Kalamazoo River downstream from Perrigo. "They restabilized the bank, placed riprap at the bottom of the bank of the river, put in a retaining wall at some point," Dye said. Speaking of the project near Perrigo, he said, "And we will be following a similar path with the Kalamazoo River." The Kalamazoo River flows north and meanders for about 5.5 miles through the city of Allegan, bordering sections of its downtown and eventually heading west and north toward Saugatuck. The city became aware of the need to continue to combat rivers bank erosion after Ottawa County identified needs in that county as well as Allegan County when it drafted a Hazardous Mitigation Plan about two years ago. "Typically the river is approximately 30 to 50 or 70 feet below the grade of the adjoining properties (through parts of downtown Allegan)," Dye said. "The properties slope down to where the river is." So he said stream bank erosion remains a concern. The city of Allegan contracted ASTI Environmental to lay the groundwork necessary to obtain federal funding for the project. The Michigan Department of Environmental Quality issued ASTI a permit on Oct. 27, 2016, to stabilize what was described as a steep and active area of the Kalamazoo River upstream from M-222. The project calls for sheet pile to be used to help stabilize 455 feet of the river bank. Work will be done on the east side of the river, a sharp bend in the waterway where Perrigo's property is located, as well as the west side, which abuts acres of undeveloped land owned by the city of Allegan. Dye said that among other things, 7,000 cubic yards of earth is to be excavated from the west side (city-owned side) of the river in order to help shift the river to the west. Michigan's Best Michigan's Best Sub: Follow finals days of our search More Michigan's Best » Michigan Prom Prom 2017: Photos, videos from celebrations across Michigan Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home Create Account Log In Go Home News Weather Currents 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Interactive Weather Radar Rain Totals Severe Weather Alerts 3TV 360 Camera Network Good Morning AZ All Sections Print Woman says note from Chinese 'prisoner' was hidden in new purse Posted: Sunday, April 30, 2017 9:27 PM EDT Updated: Monday, May 1, 2017 3:05 AM EDT By News Staff (SOURCE: 3TV/CBS 5) TUCSON, AZ (3TV/CBS 5) - A Sierra Vista woman says she believes she found a note from a Chinese "prisoner" pleading for help, claiming he or she was being forced to work under abusive conditions. The woman said the purse was bought at a Wal-Mart. After she found the note, written in Chinese, the woman had the note translated three times to be certain it was correct.  The note's author said he or she is a prisoner in China, and forced to work about 14 hours a day with little food or medical attention. Similar letters to the one the Sierra Vista woman had translated have been traced back to stores such as K-Mart in the past. The woman said she doesn't have the means to help the prisoner, but hopes something comes out of sharing the note. Copyright 2017 KPHO/KTVK (KPHO Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved. Social Connect Tweets by @azfamily Can't Find Something? Go HomeNewsWeatherGood Morning AZAll Sections All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Frankly Media and . All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home News Featured News Columns Front-Page Flashback Out & About Garden Spot Outdoor Adventure Hand in Hand with Elayne Monday’s Warm Cocoa Clerk’s Corner Tech Guru Critter Chatter A Student’s View Museum Memories Matters of Faith Financial Focus Non-Active Columns The Hamilton Papers Movie Reviews Homefront Pioneer Prose In Good Health Blast from the Past The Chopping Block Children’s Justice Center From the Heart Over the Fence Editor’s Notebook Horse Whisperer Family Ties Obits Hometown Sports Sports Feature Articles From the Sidelines Sports Wrap Announcements Weddings Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Missionaries Military Bulletin Board Notes of Appreciation Honors, Awards & Graduations Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Send Letter to Editor Community News School News Special Sections Christmas Writing Photo Gallery Archive Events Subscribe Classifieds Browse Ads Search Ads Place Ad About Us Who We Are Our Staff Media Kit Request a Quote Contact Us Support Extras Tell Me a Story Our Picks Poetry Make One Great Dish Book Reviews Moments in Time Strange But True Short Stories Amazon Store Kindle Store Links Weather (No Ratings Yet) Loading... Steve Howe No comments yet Featured News 129 Views Related Officials prepare to talk about farm animals on property Wet April further boosts Tooele’s water year status Three arrested, two flee after I-80 traffic stop May 2, 2017 Tooele man faces felony drug charges after shoplifting arrest A Tooele man appeared in 3rd District Court on felony charges Monday in connection with a report of shoplifting that resulted in the recovery of illegal drugs. Shawn D. Gressman, 41, is charged with four counts of possession or use of a controlled substance, as well as misdemeanor counts of failure to stop at the command of law enforcement and retail theft. Tooele City police were dispatched to the Tooele Walmart on reports of a shoplifting in progress at 10 p.m. on April 25, according to a probable cause statement. An employee reported the man, dressed in a black hat, gray shirt and gray sweats, was hiding merchandise in his pockets. Prior to arrival, the officer was notified by dispatch the suspect was at the self-checkout and preparing to leave the store and the asset protection employee was going to attempt to stop him, the statement said. When an officer arrived, the employee pointed out the man, who the officer identified as Gressman from previous encounters. The officer pulled up to Gressman in his car and called him by name to stop, according to the statement. Gressman allegedly acknowledged the officer by looking at him but continued to walk away, dropping merchandise from his pockets in the parking lot. Despite multiple commands to stop, Gressman continued to walk away from the officer, dropping items and refusing to keep his hands away from his pockets, the statement said. When the officer grabbed him, Gressman stopped and he was placed under arrest for shoplifting and failing to stop at the command of law enforcement. Gressman was searched by the officer back at his patrol vehicle and $125 in additional merchandise was found in his sweat pants, as well as five plastic baggies in his wallet, according to the probable cause statement. The baggies contained four different substances the officer identified as drugs, but the statement does not identify which controlled substances were found. Gressman is scheduled to appear in 3rd District Court for a roll call hearing on May 16 at 9 a.m. before Judge Robert Adkins. About Latest Posts Steve Howe Latest posts by Steve Howe (see all) Three arrested, two flee after I-80 traffic stop - May 2, 2017 Tooele man faces felony drug charges after shoplifting arrest - May 2, 2017 Tooele man faces sexual abuse charges from 1979 incident - May 2, 2017 Share Post Tweet 0 Comments Recommended Officials prepare to talk about farm animals on property Wet April further boosts Tooele’s water year status Three arrested, two flee after I-80 traffic stop New coalition formed to help citizens fighting depression Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Events Calendar Local Weather For more weather including 7 and 10 day forecasts click HERE. Menu Featured News Hometown Sports Columns Classifieds Obits Links Amazon Store Kindle Store Who We Are Contact Us Request a Quote Send Letter to Editor Help & Support Contact Us Toll Free: (866) 721-9992 Local: (435) 882-0050 Fax: (435) 882-6123 Email: tbp@tooeletranscript.com Hours of Operation Monday – Friday: 8:30 am - 5:30 pm Closed Sat. & Sun. Who We Are At the Tooele Transcript Bulletin, we provide up-to-date news and advertising for Tooele County, Utah. Founded in 1894, our twice-weekly newspaper has been serving readers and the community for nearly 120 years. In addition to the newspaper, we provide a broad range of print, digital and strategy services. Our parent company, Transcript Bulletin Publishing, has in-house graphic designers, photographers, writers, pressmen and technicians that create cool stuff, from print pieces and websites, to signs and graphics. Want your business or organization to be seen in a fresh and exciting way — without busting your budget? We can help. Visit our website at www.tbpublishing.com ArticlesArticles Select Category A Student’s View Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Blast from the Past Book Reviews Breaking News Bulletin Board Children’s Justice Center Christmas Writing Clerk’s Corner Community News Critter Chatter Editor’s Notebook Editorials Family Ties Featured News Financial Focus From the Heart From the Sidelines Front-Page Flashback Garden Spot Hand in Hand with Elayne Homefront Hometown Honors, Awards & Graduations Horse Whisperer In Good Health Letters to the Editor Make One Great Dish Matters of Faith MIlitary Missionaries Moments in Time Monday’s Warm Cocoa Movie Reviews Museum Memories Notes of Appreciation Obits Op-Eds Our Picks Out & About Outdoor Adventure Over the Fence Photo Gallery Photos of the Month Pioneer Prose Poetry School News Short Stories Sports Sports Wrap Strange But True Tech Guru Tell Me a Story The Chopping Block The Hamilton Papers Weddings Archives Archives Select Month May 2017  (25) April 2017  (197) March 2017  (226) February 2017  (236) January 2017  (238) December 2016  (230) November 2016  (232) October 2016  (238) September 2016  (248) August 2016  (257) July 2016  (230) June 2016  (256) May 2016  (247) April 2016  (228) March 2016  (270) February 2016  (222) January 2016  (214) December 2015  (250) November 2015  (207) October 2015  (259) September 2015  (251) August 2015  (259) July 2015  (260) June 2015  (257) May 2015  (240) April 2015  (268) March 2015  (276) February 2015  (229) January 2015  (241) December 2014  (304) November 2014  (241) October 2014  (289) September 2014  (294) August 2014  (252) July 2014  (316) June 2014  (282) May 2014  (292) April 2014  (292) March 2014  (272) February 2014  (259) January 2014  (272) December 2013  (258) November 2013  (253) October 2013  (323) September 2013  (246) August 2013  (298) July 2013  (293) June 2013  (265) May 2013  (316) April 2013  (318) March 2013  (287) February 2013  (259) January 2013  (306) December 2012  (285) November 2012  (276) October 2012  (294) September 2012  (89) August 2012  (37) July 2012  (37) June 2012  (18) May 2012  (19) April 2012  (246) March 2012  (300) February 2012  (250) January 2012  (13) December 2011  (29) November 2011  (15) October 2011  (9) September 2011  (11) August 2011  (13) July 2011  (9) June 2011  (17) May 2011  (12) April 2011  (8) March 2011  (11) February 2011  (12) January 2011  (13) December 2010  (9) November 2010  (10) October 2010  (12) September 2010  (11) August 2010  (12) July 2010  (9) June 2010  (10) May 2010  (9) April 2010  (9) March 2010  (6) February 2010  (4) January 2010  (6) December 2009  (9) November 2009  (6) October 2009  (8) September 2009  (71) August 2009  (7) July 2009  (8) June 2009  (3) May 2009  (6) April 2009  (1) March 2009  (2) February 2009  (2) January 2009  (3) December 2008  (4) November 2008  (4) October 2008  (7) September 2008  (3) August 2008  (4) July 2008  (6) June 2008  (4) May 2008  (4) April 2008  (7) March 2008  (5) February 2008  (5) January 2008  (4) December 2007  (5) November 2007  (4) October 2007  (2) September 2007  (6) August 2007  (1) May 2005  (276) April 2005  (310) March 2005  (323) February 2005  (101) Designed, constructed and managed by Transcript Bulletin Publishing, Tooele, UT ©
WFTV Orlando LIVE http://www.wftv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WFTV Orlando SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wftv profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12384721 Home 12384770 News County by County National/World News 9 Investigates Action 9 CFL Spotlight Politics Watch Live Pulse Shooting 12384727 Weather 5 Day Forecast LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Local Maps Hour-by-Hour Facts and Hacks Lifestyle Forecasts 12384812 Traffic Traffic News I-4 Ultimate Project Pump Patrol 12384830 Sports High School Football Orlando Magic Orlando City Soccer College & Pro Sports 12384884 Videos 12384962 9 Family TV 27 Community Connection Science Center Weather Experience Cox Conserves Aging Parents 12385010 Home Experts Toyota of Orlando Toyota of Clermont Shop CFL Legal Headlines The Daily Two Automotive Buy/Sell 12384974 icFlorida Local Events Entertainment Movies Pets Theme Parks/Attractions Contests 12385052 ABOUT WFTV WFTV News Team WFTV Mobile Apps WFTV Listings TV 27 TV Listings WFTV.com Media Kit WFTV.com Member Help Jobs at WFTV/WRDQ More Kissimmee firefighter/EMT accused of driving drunk with 3-year-old daughter in car by: Daralene Jones Updated: May 2, 2017 - 5:31 PM Twtter KISSIMMEE, Fla. - A Kissimmee firefighter was arrested last week on charges that she was driving with a blood-alcohol concentration twice the legal limit with her 3-year-old daughter in the car, Mount Dora police said. It was the second time that firefighter/EMT Samantha Jean Lopez had been charged within a month. Related Headlines Raw video: Police respond to crash involving Kissimmee firefighter According to the Eustis Police Department, Lopez was first arrested on March 24 after a rear-end crash on U.S. Highway 441. Lopez told officers at the scene that she was on her way to pick up her child and had to be there by 1 p.m. The crash was reported at about 3:15 p.m. When investigators gave her a Breathalyzer test, results showed that her BAC was about .20 percent, more than twice the legal limit in Florida of .08 percent. Lopez was arrested again April 26 on a charge of DUI at a Walmart on State Road 500 in Mount Dora, an arrest report said. A Eustis police officer reported seeing Lopez driving erratically and “nearly causing several collisions,” a Mount Dora police report said. Lopez’s car pulled into the Walmart parking lot, where she was approached by the Eustis officer, who noted that a child, later identified as her 3-year-old daughter, was in the vehicle. After she took another Breathalyzer test, Lopez’s BAC was found to be about .18 percent. Officers reported finding two small empty bottles of Sutter Home wine in Lopez’s car, along with two unopened bottles. In the time between her first and second arrests, the Kissimmee Fire Department said Lopez was allowed to continue to perform her duties as a firefighter/EMT. No information was immediately available on what, if any, disciplinary action would be taken after her second DUI arrest. Samantha Jean Lopez Kissimmee firefighter suspended, accused in 2 DUI offenses w/i weeks of each other. One police report shows 3yo was in car in one incident pic.twitter.com/MQjjYABi4r — Daralene Jones (@DJonesWFTV) May 2, 2017 © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Kissimmee firefighter/EMT accused of driving drunk with 3-year-old… 19-year-old accused of shooting at deputy in Palm Coast, turns himself… Mechanical malfunction sends Marion County Sheriff's Office helicopter… Missing Marion County child found safe in Missouri, deputies say Cocoa motorcycle officer 'in good spirits' after hit-and-run crash,… News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WFTV Weather Weather LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WFTV EEOC Statement WFTV Public File WRDQ Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Dodge These Market Threats – and You'll Be Unstoppable My wife, Robin, likes to tease me that I’m a creature of habit. She’s right, of course (as she usually is). Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money D.R. Barton's10 Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy HOME Hot Topics Stocks to Buy "New Fuel" Marijuana Stocks Stocks Under $5 North Korea Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: What Is "OBL"? The "Superfuel" Behind a $7.2 Trillion Revolution Message: URL: https://mney.co/2q0aJvW six  ×   =  six Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: What Is "OBL"? The "Superfuel" Behind a $7.2 Trillion Revolution Message: URL: https://mney.co/2q0aJvW 2  +  6  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Access Your Profit Alerts Twitter 5 responses Energy What Is "OBL"? The "Superfuel" Behind a $7.2 Trillion Revolution By Ashley Moore, Associate Editor, Money Morning • April 21, 2017 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website  +  two  =  10 This "superfuel" of the future could be 1,693 times more powerful than gasoline. But what is "OBL"? OBL fuel is a crystal that was discovered in the Andes Mountains. It is being hailed as the "Holy Grail" of energy. What Is OBL: The $7.2 Trillion Economic Revolution OBL is so valuable that the locals call it "Oro Blanco," which translates to "White Gold" because these crystals could be causing the next "gold" rush. The auto industry alone is set to increase demand for OBL fuel 11 times over its current production levels. Energy Breakthrough: One gallon of this new "crystal fuel" could get you from New York to L.A. and back… seven times! Read more… And the auto industry isn't the only one rushing to secure sources of OBL. Companies such as Alphabet Inc. (Nasdaq: GOOG) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) are looking to independently produce the energy needed to power their offices and stores. OBL fuel is so powerful that it is becoming a large part of those corporate energy independence plans. With large corporations flocking to OBL fuel, demand is soaring, creating a huge profit opportunity… Securing Profits from OBL High demand and a scarcity of the crystals have the potential for this energy play to become larger than the fracking boom. In the last 14 months, OBL has doubled in price twice. With prices climbing that fast, it's easy to see how you can print money by securing a claim to OBL fuel. And that is exactly what a tiny little miner has done. It secured a claim in Death Valley potentially worth more than $20 billion. To make the profit opportunity even better, this miner has claims outside of Death Valley as well. With so much control over the supply, this tiny company is set to explode, giving early investors the opportunity to create generational wealth. Money Morning Global Energy Strategist Dr. Kent Moors put together a short presentation that can show you how to profit from OBL fuel. Click here to find out how you can get in on the ground level of OBL. Follow Money Morning on Twitter @moneymorning, Facebook, and LinkedIn. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (5) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Energy John Jones | April 21, 2017 sounds good Reply CESAR ALMONTE | April 22, 2017 INTERESTING, SOUNDS GOOD. Reply CESAR ALMONTE | April 22, 2017 GOOD Reply wayman pearson | May 1, 2017 Interesting and Interested Reply Randall Turpyn | May 2, 2017 Very interesting and interested! Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website 3  +  1  =  Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Dodge These Market Threats – and You'll Be Unstoppable Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News May 2, 2017 • By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News: Dow Climbs as Fed Meets and Apple Releases Earnings May 2, 2017 • By Casey Wilson Leave a Comment The Hidden Player That's Jacking Up Drug Prices (Hint: It's Not Big Pharma) May 2, 2017 • By Alex McGuire Leave a Comment 10 Biggest Penny Stock Gainers to Watch in May 2017 Trending Posts 9514 Reads 49 Likes One of My Favorite Pot Stocks Has Wild "Ceiling-Less" Potential The legal marijuana industry now grosses more than $5.4 billion a year through the sale of cannabis-infused food and drinks. Michael has a speculative pot stock play in this booming niche... 6006 Reads 28 Likes A List of Marijuana Stocks to Watch in May 2017 What are the top marijuana stocks to watch in May 2017? We have a list of 10, right here... Featured Report Seven Ways to Tell If Your Gold Is Real Gold is the best crisis-hedge investment there is, but knowing how to steer clear of fakes is critical. As counterfeiters become increasingly savvy, even experienced pros are being fooled. Take action today with this special report, and learn seven proven methods you can use yourself to make sure the gold you own is genuine… Enter your email below to get the report. Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Today's Markets DJIA 36.43 (0.17%) 20,949.89 NASDAQ 3.77 (0.06%) 6,095.37 S&P 2.84 (0.12%) 2,391.17 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Seismic Profits Alert Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube Connect with Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Topics Handbook Cities More Topics Architecture Interior Design Tiny Homes Prefab Home Tech House Calls For Sale Longform Maps Handbook Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Chicago Detroit Hamptons Los Angeles Miami New Orleans New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington DC ✕ Property Lines How Amazon’s ‘invisible’ hand can shape your city The Seattle e-commerce company’s influence goes well beyond shopping by Patrick Sisson May 2, 2017, 11:43am EDT tweet share pin Parcels are prepared for dispatch at an Amazon warehouse in England on December 5, 2014. Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images It begins with boxes. For most people who order goods from Amazon—with nearly half of U.S. households enrolled in the company’s Prime program, that’s quite a few of us—interactions with the Seattle e-commerce giant start with a search and a click, and end with a delivery. While the ubiquitous company—a retail and shopping juggernaut worth roughly $430 billion that personifies the rapid growth in e-commerce—has an extensive footprint, a growing warehouse network, and a nascent brick-and-mortar retail presence, most of us just see piles of boxes on stoops, on doorsteps, and in apartment lobbies. But that passing perspective would be a gross underestimation of the way e-commerce in general, and Amazon specifically, has and will reshape cities and communities around the country. A growing web of Amazon warehouses is poised to further speed up and reshape commerce, putting more pressure on retail. Increasing deliveries, a result of this bigger and better logistics network and consumer demand, is leading to increased freight traffic on city streets. And an expansion into physical retail, including brick-and-mortar Amazon grocery stores, predicted by many analysts, could make an even bigger dent in urban landscapes and commercial strips. Curbed reached out to Amazon for this story, but they declined to comment on the record. Shutterstock “Amazon has been able to ride this stealth presence and sink under the radar,” says Olivia LaVecchia, a research associate with the Institute for Local Self-Reliance, a nonprofit focused on promoting small business. “Their true power and influence have remained invisible. They’re reshaping our commerce, built environment, and even social interactions.” But it may not be that way for long. As LaVecchia and other analysts have noted, Amazon has begun to enter the physical retail market with a handful of bookstores and Amazon Go, an in-the-works convenience store, the first steps in a rollout that could rapidly speed up their disruption of retail and shipping. Many analysts and former employees told the New York Times that Amazon might make the move to enter into markets that you “can’t digitize.” According to Cooper Smith, an analyst at L2 Inc., a New York-based business-intelligence firm, the company has been testing its technology and strategy with a small string of bookstores, which he sees as a means for Amazon to eventually enter into the grocery market, a $770 billion-dollar-a-year industry. “These stores are about testing in-store tech to use in grocery stores,” he says, “which is a much bigger opportunity. Amazon already owns books. Did they crush Barnes & Noble and Borders just to open up physical stores and piss on the graves of these companies? When you think about the end game—launching grocery stores with the same tech they have in the book stores—you realize the past five years haven’t been about selling books.” Warehouse party Amazon’s incredible efficiency and massive network have impacted numerous sectors of the economy. One that isn’t very sexy, but that’s important to how e-commerce shapes urban areas, is its impact on real estate. Industrial real estate, specifically warehouses, is booming, due to the increase in deliveries and e-commerce. According to a recent Cushman and Wakefield Industrial Market Beat analysis, the sector is “on a roll”: Vacancies are down year over year (well below the historical average), new construction is up, and prices for warehouse real estate have risen at a steady clip since 2012. Warehouses are big business, and are quite literally getting bigger; the industry standard 24-foot-tall building is making way for 34-foot-high structures tailor-made for e-commerce and holding more inventory. Amazon, as one of the biggest players in the game, has made a big push to improve its fulfillment infrastructure, a prime reason for its rapid growth (it reached 300,000 employees faster than any other American company, according to the Progressive Policy Institute), and a big part of its potential to further impact urban living. Institute for Local Self-Reliance Over the last two years, the company has expanded into major metro areas, building upon its massive hub-and-spoke system to the point where it can offer same-day (and in many cases, one- or two-hour) delivery to most major metro areas in the United States. In just the last year alone, for example, the company has doubled the number of facilities in its U.S. distribution network, according to the ILSR report Amazon’s Stranglehold, and the company is increasingly experimenting with ways to take over last-mile delivery. “They now have warehouses within 20 miles of half the U.S. population,” says Smith, the business analyst. “They’re essentially going to be launching all of these small retail stores, which are ostensibly window-shopping centers.” Institute for Local Self-Reliance Smith believes Amazon has been especially aggressive about picking cities with the right customer base for increased e-commerce and expansion of its Prime Now program, specifically coastal metro areas with a disproportionate number of millennials earning six figures. There’s a link between warehouse growth and the rollout and expansion of services such as Amazon Fresh and Amazon Prime in cities like New York, Boston, Austin, Philly, and San Francisco. Smith points to the company’s click-and-collect service, an app that allows users to quickly place and pick up orders. Imagine how that service could change grocery shopping: Combine an overwhelming logistics advantage with a series of small Amazon-branded stores, and suddenly it’s easy to simply order, and then pick up, groceries on the way home. Amazon claims to have the largest audience of any retail app in the world, according to Smith, with 30 million monthly active users users. “With more and more warehouses and stores, and a decreasing distance between logistics facilities and stores, the cost of moving goods for Amazon goes down, and the margins go up,” Smith says. With such a huge potential advantage, Smith predicts that within a decade Amazon will be a top-five grocery store in the country, in the same category as giants such as Wal-Mart (which, despite its vast inventory, makes half its revenue in groceries). There’s plenty of room to grow; while 42 percent of all U.S. consumers shopped at Amazon last year, 95 percent bought something at Wal-Mart. Competing for the same curb With expanding services and deliveries, one of the places Amazon and its competitors are poised to make a real impact is right on city streets. E-commerce can alternatively support a car-free lifestyle, offering city dwellers an easy way to do shopping, and increase the amount of freight and delivery traffic on roads. As companies like Amazon respond to increasing consumer demand—the number of online transactions has risen by 115 million from 2015 to 2016, according to Business Insider—streets will inevitably get crowded with more delivery vans. Such freight traffic increases are rarely part of urban planning discussions. Anne Goodchild runs the Urban Freight Lab at the University of Washington in Seattle. The year-old program, which examines delivery, logistics, and transportation with industry partners such as Costco and Nordstrom, advocates for more recognition of this growing source of vehicular traffic, and a more holistic planning approach from cities. People may be upset about these delivery trucks, she says, but they’re just accommodating consumer preference. “Freight doesn’t appear to exist in urban planning, and that’s a problem,” she says. “Most people look at public transit and mobility, but they don’t appear to be living in a physical world. How can they plan complete streets when the words ‘freight delivery’ [aren’t] used?” Shutterstock Goodchild says that cities are already seeing the consequences of neglecting to plan for increases in freight traffic. It’s not merely the jump in deliveries and traffic. With an uptick in cycling and pedestrian traffic in many areas, everyone is competing for the curb, and the same sidewalk and roadway space. Since freight infrastructure is often private, it’s off the radar for many planners. “It’s like a transit system where you didn’t plan for the bus stops,” she says. “We all know we’re bringing more and more goods into the city, but there’s no programmatic way to account for what they’re delivering and when. We need scientific, data-driven, systematic views of urban freight analysis and planning.” Goodchild believes that cities should start creating more holistic designs for roadways, like adding more curb cuts (graded ramps between the sidewalk and the street) and larger loading zones. More holistic policy and planning benefits everyone; city streets are freed up, while delivery companies cut “dwell time” and save money on deliveries. Her team at the Urban Freight Lab is working with Seattle to create a map of the city’s freight facilities, bringing together public and private data to help design better policies around delivery services. She believes there’s a lot of good that can come from more considered policy around urban freight. These deliveries are the “logistics of living” for many city dwellers; greater efficiency can support car-free living and reduce the amount of time delivery trucks spend on the road, cutting emissions and congestion. So far, Seattle and New York, which each have initiatives dedicated to urban freight issues, have begun to address the matter. But more thoughtful planning is still needed. According to Jean-Paul Rodrigue, a transportation researcher at Hofstra University, planners need to not only look at how people move, but how they consume. “It’s almost a literal cargo cult,” he says. “Planners and architects believe that freight magically appears on your mailbox. They need to view people as needing a physical support system for their daily lives. Look at renderings and designs; where’s the freight? You see hipsters walking around these new buildings. How do they get their fake dirty jeans delivered?” The incredible shrinking retail sector Recent stories about the “retail apocalypse” and the shuttering of malls and big-box stores identify e-commerce sector growth as an important factor. Online retail, which accounted for 8.3 percent of total retail sales in the fourth quarter of 2016, according to U.S. Census figures, continues to rise in a pattern that mirrors the upward swoop of the arrow on the Amazon logo. There are many other factors at play, according to analysts. Commercial property has been long overdue for a correction, says Smith; between 1970 and 2015, the number of malls grew at a pace twice as fast as the U.S. population. At the same time, discount stores are putting downward pressure on prices. An Amazon physical bookstore in Seattle. Shutterstock But it’s also true that e-commerce has been a big reason for less foot traffic and sales in physical retail. Smith says between 2010 and 2013, the number of people who visited malls dropped in half. If e-commerce increases, and expands into new categories, as Amazon is expected to do with groceries, we may see even more stores closing. The liveliness of commercial blocks may increasingly be replaced with empty storefronts. “The combination of e-commerce, the decline of foot traffic, and technology is going to significantly shrink the footprint of retail in brick and mortar life,” says Smith. “What does that mean for city planners when all of that real estate is freed up for all these other uses?” Smith believes that the push into groceries is all but inevitable for Amazon, mostly because they’ve been trying to crack the market for years. The failure of AmazonFresh, the company’s online grocery delivery service, only reinforced the consumer preference to picking up food in person. The average American family goes to a grocery store twice a week, and now Amazon wants to go where they’re shopping. “Groceries [are] something they’ve never been able to disrupt, like they have with electronics and CPG [consumer-packaged goods, such as toilet paper and deodorant],” he says. “They need to go where the people are.” If Smith’s predictions about the growth of Amazon’s grocery business are true, the company would become a big player rather quickly. And that has some serious potential side effects for cities. According to LaVecchia, property taxes are the single largest source of revenue for state and local governments, and most of that comes from commercial landowners. Amazon’s incredible logistics operation significantly shrinks the footprint of a traditional commercial operation, meaning less taxes and revenue. And in many cases, especially in bigger urban areas, larger warehouses are outside of the main metro area (many Amazon warehouses serving Chicago, for instance, are located in Joliet, Illinois), in communities looking to subsidize new jobs: The Institute for Local Self-Reliance says the company has received $613 million in public subsidies for new fulfillment facilities since 2015. The miracle of that Amazon box—bringing a world of goods to your doorstep in days, if not hours—has been transformative, as well as affordable. But the rise of online shopping, the unspooling of commercial districts, and the disconnect between shopping and the city have many unintended consequences. Planners and local governments need to be ready to grapple with them. “The relationship between commerce and place has traditionally been a real strong link,” says LaVecchia. “Amazon is really throwing things on its head, and it’s something that we haven’t seen before. When commerce and shopping become disconnected from that sense of place, there are as many social implications as there are financial implications.” Next Up In Property Lines Forget millennials: Seniors are poised to reshape the housing market Cycling success: 10 U.S. cities pushing biking forward In Baltimore, Under Armour’s owner invests in a $5.5 billion bet on his city Austin eco-development Whisper Valley bets big on sustainable suburbs from Curbed Chicago In Chicago’s Woodlawn, community development sparks talk of neighborhood renewal from Curbed NY New South Bronx waterfront development has residents asking who it's for Trending Beachfront midcentury home with gorgeous views asks $1.2M Comprising multiple roof lines and volumes, the well-preserved four-bedroom-four-bath measures 3,202 square feet and sits on two acres with 90 feet of beachfront access. Is this Elon Musk's worst idea yet? Musk’s latest "traffic solution," a system of tunnel freeways, is detrimental to those hard at work solving real problems. Luxury sleeper train by Ferrari designer embarks on maiden voyage Train Suite Shikishima hosts pre-arranged multi-day trips across Japan, and can sleep a maximum of just 34 passengers. This shipping container pool can be installed anywhere in minutes The Modpool can be both a hot tub and a pool, and it even comes with a window. Shipping container hotel offers eco-friendly getaway for surfing nomads Containhotel, designed by Prague and Vienna-based Artikul Architects, is a seasonal, mobile lodging set on a surfing campsite on the Elbe river bank. More in Trending Newsletter Enter your email address Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 61. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Architects Delano & Aldrich: refined classicism for New York's moneyed set From cushy private clubs to sprawling mansions, they defined luxury by Patrick Sisson Kengo Kuma fills Portland restaurant with delicate bamboo screens Kengo Kuma, the architect who just oversaw the expansion of the Portland Japanese Garden, is making moves in the city. by Selina Cheah Luxury sleeper train by Ferrari designer embarks on maiden voyage Train Suite Shikishima hosts pre-arranged multi-day trips across Japan, and can sleep a maximum of just 34 passengers. by Barbara Eldredge 1 comment / new Buy Frank Lloyd Wright's textile designs from 1955 The collaboration was originally developed as part of the "Taliesin Ensemble," a collection of furnishings for people who did not have the privilege of living in one of his homes. by Lauren Ro A history of squatting The staying power of temporarily taking over urban space by Patrick Sisson New Apple store in Dubai uses giant ‘solar wings’ for shading and views At Dubai’s latest and predictably minimalist Apple Store, motorized "solar wings" mimicking the motion of a bird is clearly the highlight. by Selina Cheah Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead About Curbed Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices 6 crazy things Apple could buy with its $250 billion cash hoard The Street Natalie Walters 19 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Coach is being rewarded for 'shrinking to grow,' retail analyst says Caterpillar Investors Disappointed by Spending Bill Full screen 1/7 SLIDES © TheStreet Apple is often criticized for pricing its products higher than competitors, but the strategy seems to be working fine for the tech giant as it's expected to report a quarter-trillion dollars in cash when it reports 2017 second-quarter results after Tuesday's closing bell. That's more than the market value of either Walmart or Procter & Gamble, according to the Wall Street Journal. Unfortunately for Apple, over 90% of this stockpile is overseas and is difficult for the company to bring home without being heavily taxed. However, the Trump administration has proposed a repatriation tax holiday to encourage companies like Apple to bring their cash back to the U.S. The stock is trading up about 27% year-to-date and closed at an all-time high of $146.58 on Monday as investors are anticipating a possible super cycle when Apple releases its 10th-anniversary edition of the iPhone this fall. The new phone is expected to feature a complete redesign, including edge-to-edge OLED display with a virtual home button. While Apple may decide to use its cash to increase its dividend to shareholders, it could also get into some M&A activity, although it typically only makes relatively smaller deals, such as when it paid $3 billion in 2014 for Beats Electronics, a maker of headphones, speakers and audio software, and Beats Music, a subscription steaming music service. However, to put into perspective just how much cash Apple has to work with, here are six crazy things it could buy with $250 billion. Click through the slideshow above to see them. Apple is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio.  2/7 SLIDES © TheStreet 1. Finland - With $17.6 Billion to Spare Apple is moving employees into a brand new futuristic campus known as Apple Park this month. But if it wanted to make its offices an actual country, it could just buy Finland. The country's GDP is at about $232.4 billion, according to worldbank.org. Other counties that Apple could easily afford include New Zealand ($173.8 billion GDP), Bolivia ($33 billion GDP), Bulgaria ($50.2 billion GDP), Costa Rica ($54.1 billion GDP), Cuba ($87.1 billion GDP) and Hungary ($121.7 billion GDP). 3/7 SLIDES © TheStreet 2. Buy Every Team From the Four U.S. Major Sports Leagues - With $72.89 Billion Left Over In 2016, all 30 of the National Basketball Association's teams combined were worth about $40.6 billion, according to data from Forbes. That means Apple could buy all of the teams and have about $210 billion left over to buy up some other sports teams. Buying all 30 MLB teams would cost an additional $46.1 billion, according to data from Forbes. That still leaves over $160 billion. The 32 NFL teams would cost Apple about $74.9 billion. That still leaves $88.4 billion. Finally, the 30 NHL teams cost a combined $15.51 billion. That means Apple would still have $72.89 billion left over after buying all 122 teams in the four U.S. Major Sports Leagues. 4/7 SLIDES © TheStreet 3. Preorder 192,307 Flying Cars From AeroMobil Flying cars have been all the rage in the past few weeks ever since Kitty Hawk released footage of its flying car in action. Like many of its competitors, AeroMobil is a car that can function on the road or by air, transitioning from one to the other in less than three minutes. The exterior for the flying car was inspired by a "perfectly aerodynamic teardrop shape." As of now, AeroMobil's version of the flying car has the most expensive preorder price tag at $1.3 million, but Apple could still order 192,307 of them before they ship out in 2020. 5/7 SLIDES © TheStreet 4. Give Everyone in the U.S. $777.84 If Apple decided to be a Good Samaritan and splits its cash pile with all 321.4 million people in the U.S., then everyone would get about $777.84. That means Apple could gift everyone in the U.S. the special edition red iPhone 7 that came out in March and starts at $750 and then give them an extra $17.84 to buy themselves a case. 6/7 SLIDES © TheStreet 5. Buy Tesla, Netflix or Disney Some capital managers told the Wall Street Journal that Apple could use its money to buy Tesla, which is valued at $51 billion, to help its out with its secretive autonomous vehicle efforts. But if Apple wants to concentrate on original content, then it may want to buy Netflix, valued at $65 billion, they said. Or if Apple is feeling adventurous, it could buy Walt Disney for $180 billion. While a number of investors have been pushing for Apple to buy Netflix, the company is less thrilled about such a deal. At ReCode's Code Media conference in February, Apple senior vice president Eddy Cue said, "We might be better buying somebody or doing that, but that's not what we're trying to do. We are trying to do something that's unique. . . " In addition, Apple Music head Jimmy Iovine told Variety earlier that month that Apple Music's venture into both audio and video has "nothing to do with what Netflix is doing." 7/7 SLIDES © TheStreet 6. Buy 2,500 of Trump's private Boeing 747 Before Donald Trump was elected president of the U.S., he was a billionaire who jetted across the world on a private Boeing 757-200 airliner that cost a stunning $100 million to make, according to CNBC. Trump calls the plane the "T-Bird." He bought it in 2011 but added on features. Apple could buy 2,500 of these customized $100 million "T-Birds." Of course, Trump will eventually fly in a new Air Force One jet, whose price is currently under review from the Pentagon after Trump complained that the original $4 billion price tag was too high. But even at that price tag, Apple could buy 62.5 Air Force One jets.  7/7 SLIDES AdChoices More From The Street You're Fired: The Top 10 Most Ridiculous Reasons People Lose Their Job The Street 10 Best Places to See the Northern Lights The Street 10 Mexican Beers Targeted by the Trump Tariff The Street The Street View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 105% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 105% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Synchrony Financial: Higher Loss Provisions Bite First-Quarter Earnings The private-label credit card company reported lower earnings on expectations for higher loan losses. Jordan Wathen (TMFValueMagnet) May 2, 2017 at 1:40PM Synchrony Financial (NYSE:SYF) reported that its first-quarter net profit declined by 14% year over year as the company increased provisions for loan losses. The company primarily operates as a private label card issuer that funds store cards offered by Wal-Mart, J.C. Penney, and Lowe's, to name a few of its largest partners. First-quarter earnings for other consumer lenders and card companies, notably Capital One Financial, were similarly struck by higher provision expenses in the first quarter of 2017. Recent vintages (credit lines extended in 2015 and 2016) were specifically called out as being a source of higher credit losses and delinquencies. Synchrony's first quarter by the numbers Some key metrics in the company's earnings release are reflected in the table below, complete with the change from the year-ago period. Metric 1Q 2017 1Q 2016 Year-Over-Year Change Purchase volume $28.9 billion $30.0 billion 7.1% Loan receivables $73.4 billion $65.8 billion 11.4% Diluted EPS $0.61 $0.70 (12.9%) Tangible book value per share $15.47 $13.86 11.6% Data source: 8-K filed with the SEC. What happened this quarter? Roughly 29% of Synchrony Financial's credit card exposure is to borrowers with FICO scores of 660 or lower, making it more sensitive to credit quality among higher-risk borrowers than other card companies. Here's what investors should know about its performance this quarter. Loan losses increased markedly. Net charge-offs grew to roughly 5.3% of loans on an annualized basis, up from about 4.7% last year. Loans more than 30 days past due rose to 4.25%, up from 3.85%. The company recorded $1.3 billion of loan loss provisions in the first quarter, up 45% from the year-ago period. (Notably, not all losses are Synchrony's burden to bear, as it recoups a portion of the provision from reduced payments to its retail store partners.) Period-end loan receivables grew to $73.4 billion, up from $65.8 billion last year, an increase of 11.4%. The core credit card business was the primary driver of loan growth, as balances increased to $70.6 billion at the end of the first quarter, up from $63.3 billion a year ago. Net interest margin, or the difference between what Synchrony pays on its liabilities and what it earns on its assets, grew to 16.18%, up from 15.84% a year ago. A six basis point (0.06%) decline in its total funding costs and a 27 basis point (0.27%) increase in asset yields helped drive the increase. The company continues to displace higher-cost sources of funding with lower-cost deposits, helping it hold down funding costs despite generally rising interest rates. Deposits make up 72% of its funding, up from 69% a year ago. Investors sold shares as the company forecast higher loan losses for 2017. Image source: Getty Images. What management had to say and a look ahead Management updated its outlook for the remainder of the year, highlighting its expectations for higher net interest margin and a lower efficiency ratio (good), while forecasting elevated net charge-offs (bad). Item New Outlook Previous Outlook Net interest margin 16% to 16.25% 15.75% to 16% Net charge-offs 5% to low 5% 4.75% to 5% Efficiency ratio 31.5% 31.5% Data source: Earnings conference call. On the conference call, analysts dialed in on management's loan loss commentary. When pressed on the issue, management suggested it will build reserves for the next two quarters in line with its reserve build during the first quarter, or approximately $300 million per quarter for the next two quarters. (In other words, provisions for each of the next two quarters will likely exceed net charge-offs by roughly $300 million.) Part of the first-quarter reserve build, approximately $50 million, is the result of a decrease in so-called "recovery pricing," or what the company receives when it sells poorly performing loans to collection specialists. Management indicated that it doesn't have much visibility into how recovery pricing will trend in the future, but that a recovery pricing trends was partly to blame for higher loan loss guidance. Any improvement in pricing would therefore soften the blow of provisions going forward. At the end of the first quarter, Synchrony's allowance for loan losses stood at 6.37% of its loans outstanding, an increase from 5.50% in the same period a year ago. That Synchrony will continue to build reserves after growing its allowance for loan losses by 0.87 percentage points in the past year indicates that it expects particularly elevated losses to flow through its earnings for some time to come. Shares opened down about 15% from where they closed prior to the April 27 earnings release. Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Lowe's and Synchrony Financial. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jordan Wathen (TMFValueMagnet) Jordan is a value investor who believes incentives matter. Moats, floats, and compelling valuations.   Follow @jwthn   Send Jordan an email Article Info May 2, 2017 at 1:40PM Financials Stocks Synchrony Financial NYSE:SYF $28.87 up $0.93 (3.33%) Read More Synchrony Financial: Give Credit to Its Third Quarter 3 Things American Express Investors Should Worry About Why Synchrony Financial Stock Plummeted Today 3 Reasons Synchrony Financial Could Fall Synchrony Financial's Earnings Rise on Higher Spending and Customer Balances 3 Reasons Synchrony Financial Could Rise Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Synchrony Financial: Higher Loss Provisions Bite First-Quarter Earnings @themotleyfool #stocks $SYF
RSS Email Follow us Facebook About Press Release Writing Press Release Distribution Submit Your Press Release Advertise Contact Chicago Press Release Services Chicago's leading press release newswire service; professional press release services, press release distribution and newswire services. Featured Local News Business Entertainment Lifestyle Politics Press Releases Sci & Health Sports Technology Wednesday, May 03, 2017, 02:01 AM ,  You are here:Home Local News Pair Arrested After Kids Found Riding in Trunk of Car: Cops 0 Pair Arrested After Kids Found Riding in Trunk of Car: Cops Published on May 2, 2017 Two adults were arrested in northwest Indiana for making two of their children ride in the trunk of their car, prompting reports of a potential abduction outside a Walmart, authorities said. Portage Police Chief Troy Williams wrote on the department’s Facebook page that a witness saw an adult have two kids get into the trunk of a car Saturday night. “Thank you to person for calling,” Williams said, noting that the children were not being abducted, but were instead being forced to ride in the trunk “because the inside of the car was fall.” Two adults were arrested for neglect of a dependent and officers issued six “no seat belt tickets.” “No I’m not making this up, wish I was…smh!” Williams wrote. The identities of those arrested weren’t released in Williams’ post, but 21-year-old Alondra Cardenas and 24-year-old Joshua Garza, both of Hobart, were listed as arrested that night for “neglect of a dependent,” according to the Porter County Sheriff’s Office.  The Northwest Indiana Times, citing a police report, said Cardenas told police she wanted to take her six nieces and nephews out to eat while she watched them, but they wouldn’t all fit into the car. That’s when she decided to sit in the trunk with two of the children while Garza drove, the report claims. After eating, the group allegedly went to Walmart to pick up a prescription and while there, three of the children wanted to ride in the trunk so she moved to the driver’s seat. Cardenas and Garza now face felony charges of neglect of a dependent, according to the sheriff’s office. The children were taken into the Walmart and later released to their parents and guardians, the NWI reports. It was not immediately clear if Cardenas and Garza had attorneys.  Published 3 hours ago Published in: Local News Recent Posts World Series Trophy Damaged While Crowd-Surfing: Report ‘We Will Get Them’: Manhunt Underway After 2 Officers Shot Who is Chatting With Your Kids? Sen. Durbin Undergoes Outpatient Procedure at Northwestern James Beard Awards 2017: See The Full List of Winners CFD Marine Unit Bike Team Trains Ahead of Summer Months ‘Dinos & Dragons’ Exhibit Roars Into Brookfield Zoo Suburban Schools Ban Fidget Spinners as Popularity Grows George Lucas’ Son, Heavy Metal Mag Launching Weed Magazine 33 Orphaned Cats, Journal of Their Lives Recovered Bookmark and Promote! Retweet this post on Twitter Like this post on Facebook StumbleUpon this post Digg this post Bookmark on del.icio.us Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website Submit Comment Latest News World Series Trophy Damaged While Crowd-Surfing: Report ‘We Will Get Them’: Manhunt Underway After 2 Officers Shot Who is Chatting With Your Kids? Sen. Durbin Undergoes Outpatient Procedure at Northwestern James Beard Awards 2017: See The Full List of Winners News Categories Business Entertainment Environment Featured Legacy Press Releases Lifestyle Local News Politics Press Releases Sci & Health Sports Technology wire © 2017 Chicago Press Release Services. All rights reserved. XHTML / CSS Valid.
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 64° Low 59° High 81° Fayetteville 54° Low 57° High 76° Bentonville 63° Low 56° High 75° See complete forecast Walmart AMP Offers $20 Ticket Special Posted 12:18 pm, May 2, 2017, by Shawnya Meyers, Updated at 12:20PM, May 2, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Walmart AMP Offers $20 Ticket Special ROGERS (KFSM) — Five upcoming summer concerts at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion will be offered at a special discounted rate of $20 each. Starting Tuesday (May 2) the “Kickoff to Summer Ticket Promotion” discount, sponsored by Live Nation, will go into effect. The promotion runs through May 9. More than 1,000 shows will be available for $20 across the U.S. Lawn tickets for the following AMP concerts will be available for $20, with no additional fees: Kidz Bop – May 21 Train with OAR and Natasha Bedingfield – May 22 Third Eye Blind with Silversun Pickups and Ocean Park Standoff – July 12 Straight No Chaser and Post Modern Jukebox – Aug. 6 Sublime with Rome – Sept. 19 Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Searchers Find Body Of Missing Madison County Boy Who Was Swept Away In Weekend Flooding Two Madison County Children Missing After Vehicle Gets Swept Away During Flash Flooding 90 Percent Of Benton County Bridges Are Closed Due To Flooding Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results City Administrator: “We’ve Worked With Police” On Sports Complex Situation Eta Aquarid Meteor Shower To Peak This Week, Here’s The Best Time To Watch New Bella Vista Police Chief Talks About Recent Weather Former King Elementary Student Shows Former Teacher Appreciation News Lady Antebellum To Perform At Walmart AMP With Kelsea Ballerini And Brett Young News Boston Coming To Walmart AMP News Rascal Flatts Add Walmart AMP To Summer Tour Lineup News Blink-182 Added To Walmart AMP Lineup News Bush Added To Walmart AMP Lineup News Brad Paisley Added To Summer AMP Lineup News ZZ Top Added To Walmart AMP Lineup News Matchbox Twenty And Counting Crows Add Summer Tour Stop At Walmart AMP News Mary J. Blige Added To Summer AMP Lineup News Zac Brown Band Heading To Walmart AMP News Willie Nelson, Sheryl Crow And Craft Beer Heading To AMP For Outlaw Music Festival News Events, Red-White Game Cancel Ahead Of Weekend Floods Five Sunday Morning On Air Seen on TV Sharum’s Garden Center Tips: Spring Has Sprung Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WED, MAY 03, 2017 | 5 °C Mainly cloudy Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search News Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 5 hours ago LCBO recalls Bombay Sapphire gin due to wrong alcohol content The Liquor Control Board of Ontario is issuing a recall of the 1.14-litre... Latest News SEE MORE LCBO recalling Bombay Sapphire London Dry Gin Sajjan to reveal defence-spending 'hole' Security cameras coming to Galt core as part of Cambridge pilot project Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 7 hours ago Ascent buys former BlackBerry data centre in Cambridge BlackBerry has sold a sprawling data centre in Cambridge to a U.S. company... Latest Business News SEE MORE Home Capital delays release of Q1 earnings Apple sells fewer iPhones in last quarter Intact Financial to buy U.S. specialty insurer Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 4 hours ago Black returns to San Diego with NL West-leading Rockies Black returns to San Diego with NL West-leading Rockies Latest Sports News SEE MORE Bush ‘confident’ he will complete Marlins sale, but Romney’s bid in consideration Indians ace Kluber leaves game with back discomfort Penguins star Sidney Crosby out with another concussion Arts & Entertainment TV Listings Movies News+Reviews Movie Listings Dining Out Music Contests Events Books Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region Wow 6 hours ago Bryce Dallas Howard's crush on Matthew McConaughey Bryce Dallas Howard had a crush on Matthew McConaughey when she was a... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Matt Bomer's family ignored him for 'six months' after he came out as gay New book sheds light on political revolt Excerpt from former Manitoba minister's book Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 11 hours ago This weekend, come learn about the community you call home On the weekend of May 6 and May 7, the City of Hamilton will once again... Editorial cartoon April 13, 2017 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Crowdfunding Canada 150 Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness 6 hours ago Cambridge family reunited with dog lost for nine days in Huntsville It was a happy ending for one Cambridge family. Latest Stories SEE MORE Aquafaba, or 'bean water,' can replace eggs Canada 150: The story of Canada's first women's shelter Canadian inventors have changed the world Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 8 hours ago Wednesday, May 3: Your daily horoscope HAPPY BIRTHDAY for Wednesday, May 3, 2017: This year you open up to a... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Dear Ellie: Advice for afraid of losing contact with his children Magical ‘bean water’ can replace eggs in baking for vegans Freeze the miso, rinse the chicken? Test your food-safety knowledge Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 51% off a Massage discount: 51% | value: $80.00 | You Save: $41.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Properly negotiate child and spousal support arrangements Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 51% off a Massage discount: 51% | value: $80.00 | You Save: $41.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Words to live by Home News Local Man claiming to be murder suspect alleges details... | 9 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 Man claiming to be murder suspect alleges details of Kitchener stabbing death in Reddit post Hasan and Vasilije SYSTEM Ager Mohsin Hasan and Melinda Vasilije in an undated photo linked to a Reddit post that claims to be written by Hassan. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Liz Monteiro WATERLOO REGION — A person claiming to be Ager Mohsin Hasan, the man who faces a second-degree murder charge in connection with the death of Melinda Vasilije, said he stabbed the woman in self-defence in a Reddit post that has since been removed from the site. In the online statement posted late Monday night, the writer says he was protecting himself when his ex-girlfriend came at him with a knife. "Out of shock and fear I grab one (knife). I hit her with it, almost blindly. A few times," the person wrote. "I was confused, shocked and scared. I had no intentions of that happening. When I left I honestly thought she just passed out. Then I looked at the blood, and started freaking out and just ran." The writer said he didn't know the woman was dead until the following day. "I honestly had no intentions of ever doing that to her, I was protecting myself," the writer said. Hasan, a 24-year-old Hamilton man, is on the run. Waterloo Regional Police say he fled to the United States on Friday only hours after Vasilije was found dead. Vasilije was stabbed multiple times and found inside her apartment at 38 Country Hill Dr. around 3 a.m. Friday morning. Hasan was last reportedly seen in Erie County, Penn., on Friday morning when a man matching his description was seen switching licence plates in a Walmart parking lot. He hasn't been seen since. In a statement, Waterloo Regional Police said Tuesday that they are aware of the Reddit post and that the information is being examined by investigators. "Information like this is potential evidence and, as such, needs to be authenticated and verified," said Insp. Mike Haffner. Police said they will not comment further on the Reddit post. Evidence on the charge of second-degree murder will be presented in court which will evaluate the information, Haffner said. In an interview, Hasan's mother, Sozan Jamil, said she believes the Reddit post was written by her son because of the photos posted along with the text. "No one else has those pictures," she said. Jamil said she still hasn't heard from her son. She said she found the Reddit post online and contacted police to make them aware of it. The post was removed by early Tuesday afternoon. Police encourage Hasan to turn himself into police in the United States. In the post, the person says he was in a relationship with Vasilije after being apart. He said the couple had talked about marriage and children, and that families on both sides had met each other. The writer said the pair agreed to meet on Friday after texting. The writer said he arrived at the apartment: "We just cuddled, kissed and talked about everything." But things turned sour when Vasilije asked the man if he had been with someone else while they were apart. He admitted he had. "She started freaking out. Wouldn't say a word and just kept slapping me with tears in her eyes. Slaps turned into hits," the post read. The writer said he pushed her and she fell, hitting the sink. She told him to leave. "I go up to her to try and give her a hug, almost out no where she grabs a knife by the sink," the post read. "She comes at me in full force, aiming toward my face. I tell her to stop. She doesn't, I tried grabbing the knife but ended up cutting my hands. After a few cuts I lost it," the post said. In the post, the person says he didn't mean to do it and apologizes to Vasilije's family. "I know it will not will be accepted but know I didn't mean anything bad to happened that night when I went there. Rest in peace my beautiful. I hope you forgive me in the after life," the post read. The post says the pair had been in a relationship for more than a year. In April, they broke up and he arrived at her apartment. A fight broke out with two other men who were at the apartment. Police have said Hasan was ordered not to enter Waterloo Region and to not make contact with Vasilije after he was charged with an alleged break-and-enter and two alleged assaults at her Country Hill Drive apartment on April 3. In the Reddit post, the writer said he did not plan Vasilije's death. "I always have a passport in the car and decided to just get away for a few days before turning myself in or killing myself," the post said. The post also shows various photographs of the couple and a text conversation on Friday before the man alleged to be Hasan arrived at the Kitchener apartment. Meanwhile, the family of Vasilije is holding a visitation for her at Westmount Memorial Celebration Centre on Tuesday. Her funeral is on Wednesday. Anyone with information on Hasan or his whereabouts is asked to call Waterloo Regional Police at 519-650-8500, ext. 8666. lmonteiro@therecord.com Twitter: @MonteiroRecord Liz Monteiro can be reached via Twitter @MonteiroRecord | Most Read SEE MORE Waterloo Region home buyers pushed to the brink Man claiming to be murder suspect alleges details of Kitchener stabbing death in Reddit post Hamilton man faces second-degree murder charges in Kitchener woman’s death Locally-owned horse in Kentucky Derby Widow fights feds over CPP benefits denial In Your Neighbourhood Today Get game: Home billiard tables and more for your family game room Associated Bowling & Billiards in Guelph has been helping generations of satisfied customers with... Trust RCT Bins for your business's weekly garbage service Kitchener’s RCT Bins understands how important garbage collection is for your business, and that’s... Budget Windows & Doors: Transforming home exteriors with great products If you’ve been giving thought to making upgrades to your home with new windows and doors, you need... Satisfy your crowd with catering from Verona Pizza & Grill Verona Pizza & Grill in Kitchener offers you a variety of tasty choices from among not only their... Hallman Ironworks: Where their hearts are as big as their talent At Hallman Ironworks in Kitchener, they not only have amazing handcrafted wrought iron pieces for... Be chair aware when designing your apartment living space So, you're looking to make the best use of space in your rental apartment unit and also create a... Fuller brows fast: Why there's so much hype about microblading For beautiful brows and luscious lashes, visit Uptown Beauty Lounge in Waterloo. Offering the... High-tech cars require high-tech mechanics Morrison Automotive in Cambridge has been providing expert automotive services to customers in the... Signs your vehicle needs a checkup Just as you make regular visits to the doctor, your vehicle needs to be checked over by a... Stock up on groceries for less without ever leaving your car Finding healthy and affordable food on the fly is becoming a big challenge for families these days.... Central Automotive now offers a tire repair service Central Automotive Service, located on Courtland Avenue East in Kitchener, is dedicated to getting... WEALTH MATTERS: 5 robo advisor myths revisited No, we're not a team of robots. And yes, you really can pick up the phone and call us. Robo... How to prepare your vehicle for the winter DM Service Centre in Waterloo knows the winters in Ontario are long and harsh — and they're not any... WEALTH MATTERS: An Investment in You I founded Nest Wealth because I firmly believed Canadians deserved a better option when it came to... Open your mind and floor space with multi-purpose furniture So, you’ve moved into a rather small, but cute apartment and you want to make it feel like home.... Auto recycling that makes customers and the earth happy When it's time to take your beloved vehicle out of service, it doesn't mean it's the end of the... Bedroom designs that are trending in 2017 When moving into a rental unit you might feel limited in terms of what you can do to your bedroom... Children’s dental care: Keeping their teeth healthy until adulthood King Street Dental Centre of Waterloo will get your children started on a lifetime of great dental... What is a LIRA? Answering your questions about locked-in retirement accounts It’s hard to imagine that just a few decades ago, it was normal to get a job right out of school and... Buyer’s guide: Top 5 things to consider when buying a new furnace or AC Bulletproof Heating & Cooling in Hamilton helps individuals throughout southern Ontario find the... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   54% off New York Hand-Cut AA/AAA Striploin Steaks $80 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal 46% off Beef Hamburger Patties $30 View Deal 50% off Baby Back Ribs $55 View Deal 56% off Ground Bison $35 View Deal 51% off a Massage $39 View Deal 50% off a Cemetery Monument or Accessories $250 View Deal View All Deals MORE LOCAL Family mourning death of 3-year-old fire victim Security cameras coming to Galt core as part of Cambridge pilot project Square off over pensions as Stelco restructuring enters final stages 1993 Goudie nursing home historically significant, heritage committee says Kingdom come for Elmira’s never-say-die Jr. B crew The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. × Survey Please Tell Us How We're Doing Can you take a few minutes to give us honest feedback about our work here and Consumer Reports? All your answers are confidential and nothing will be shared with other parties. Yes, I'll Give Feedback Your Organic Milk May Not Be As Pure As You Think Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Your Organic Milk May Not Be As Pure As You Think Image courtesy of Washington Post May 2, 2017 1:27 pm EDT By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup aurora dairy aurora organic dairy dairy greener pastures not so organic organic dairy organic milk Organic milk sometimes costs twice as much as the rest of the milk you’ll find in the supermarket dairy aisle, but you get what you pay for, right? A new report about one of the largest suppliers of store-brand organic milk casts some doubts on the standards of some products. The Washington Post looked into Aurora Organic Dairy, a company that isn’t a household name, but which supplies milk to companies like Walmart, Whole Foods, and Costco for their store-brand products. Aurora’s High Plains complex is a massive farm where more than 15,000 cows live on 6,000 acres of land. If that name sounds familiar, it’s because Aurora has been accused of this exact thing in the past, with the now-defunct Rocky Mountain News reporting on the issue back in 2007, and the company settling a class action over allegations that the milk wasn’t as organic as advertised in 2012. One of the selling points of organic dairy products is that cows are grass-fed, which is supposed to provide health benefits for consumers and a more pleasant life for the cows. Cows are supposed to spend a certain amount of time outside grazing every day as long as grass is available. The Post noticed something about Aurora’s cows when visiting the farm: They weren’t in the pastures. In satellite photos taken in July, which should be peak grazing season, only a few hundred of the 15,000 cattle were hanging out in the pastures. The Post flew by the property with drones as well as examining satellite photos. A company spokeswoman said that the Post’s cow counts were “anomalies,” though the reporters visited the farms during and after grazing season, for as long as 10 hours at a time. The popularity of organic food means that massive farming operations have popped up to fill the demand, which in turn means that the food doesn’t come from the rolling hills of beautiful family farms that we imagine. Defenders of small organic farms argue that big organic operations hurt smaller farmers. “About half of the organic milk sold in the U.S. is coming from very large factory farms that have no intention of living up to organic principles,” Mark Kastel of the Cornucopia Institute, a group that represents smaller-scale organic farms, told the Post. The Post sent samples of milk known to come from Aurora, as well as milk from small local farms, to the dairy science department at Virginia Tech. The scientists tested it for the two beneficial fats known to be present in milk from grass-fed cows. Organic milk should have elevated levels of conjugated linoleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid, and lower levels of linoleic acid. Milk from Aurora that was tested had levels of these fats comparable to conventional milk, but came with USDA Organic certification labels and price tags. When asked for comment, the company dismissed the results and wouldn’t comment to the Post on them, claiming that there were multiple variables at play, and maybe the fats in the milk were the result of different grasses that grazing animals eat in the Rockies. (That isn’t the case.) Here’s the thing with USDA organic certification: The current system is that farms and companies hire and pay their own inspectors, who have been approved by the USDA. This system isn’t perfect: The inspectors that Aurora hired, from the Colorado Department of Agriculture, visited the farm complex after grazing season was over, making it impossible for them to tell whether the animals were given the opportunity to graze. Check out the whole investigation, including aerial cow grazing footage, at the Washington Post. May 2, 2017 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup aurora dairy aurora organic dairy dairy greener pastures not so organic organic dairy organic milk Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related recalls May Food And Supplement Recall Roundup: Not So Dairy-Free recall roundup February Food And Supplement Recall Roundup: Curse Of The Contaminated Cumin foodborne illnesses October Food And Supplement Recall Roundup: Beware Of Surprise Cheese Curls drink your vegetables Move Over, Almonds: New Non-Dairy Milk Product Is Made Out Of Peas mergers and acquisitions General Mills Acquires Annie’s Homegrown Foods, Bunny Mascots Previous Congress Asks Airline Industry To Explain Why It “Hates The American People” Next Students Claim For-Profit College Operator Deliberately Let Their School Fail Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Students Claim For-Profit College Operator Deliberately Let Their School Fail Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Graphics Cards Input Devices Displays Printers Storage Networking Cameras Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Graphics Cards Input Devices Displays Printers Storage Networking Cameras Home Displays News Dell's excellent 24-inch U2415 UltraSharp monitor is at an all-time low Amazon's offering the U2415 for just $226 right now. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By PCWorld Staff PCWorld | May 2, 2017 10:41 AM PT Credit: Amazon More like this The best laptops of 2017: Ultrabooks, budget PCs, 2-in-1s, and more Dell's luscious new 4K monitor is bold, bright, and HDR-infused The Wide World of Monitors Video Windows Defender: What changes in Windows 10 Creators Update Branding isn’t always an indicator of quality, but Dell’s UltraSharp line is popular for good reason. These monitors come with beautifully crisp IPS panels, a variety of ports, adjustable stands, and the ability to swivel between portrait and landscape orientation. They’re so good that you can buy an older model and still benefit from the quality—which brings us to today’s deal. Amazon is currently selling the 24-inch, 1920x1200 U2415 for an all-time low of $226. It’s a great price for this late 2014 model, and the best deal we’ve seen in awhile. If you lack an Amazon Prime membership or don’t want to hassle with shipping, you can also pick up this display in-store at Walmart for a similar price. (It’s $5 more than Amazon if you choose to have it shipped instead.) While you can certainly find cheaper IPS monitors at the same resolution, those alternatives lack many of the U2415’s outstanding qualities. With this factory-calibrated Dell display, you get a 24-inch, 1920x1200 IPS panel with a contrast ratio of 1,000:1, 99 percent sRGB coverage, and a response time of 6ms. The U2415 also has an adjustable height that ranges from about 16 inches at its lowest point to about 20 inches at its max, and it can be swiveled 90 degrees between portrait and landscape orientations. Inputs include five USB 3.0, two HDMI (MHL), DisplayPort, Mini DisplayPort, and an audio line-out. If you decide you want to upgrade or expand your monitor setup, don’t think too long about this deal—Amazon’s price drop started Sunday, and it could go back up at any time. Amazon [ Today's Deal: Dell 24-inch U2415 UltraSharp LED monitor for $226 ] To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Displays PCs Dell You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Kitchener-Waterloo LIVE K-W More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada Kitchener-Waterloo Police investigate online post about Melinda Vasilije fatal stabbing CBC News Posted: May 02, 2017 1:32 PM ET Last Updated: May 02, 2017 1:32 PM ET The body of 22-year-old Melinda Vasilije was found inside a Kitchener apartment building Friday morning. Police say she died from multiple stab wounds. (Instagram) Related Stories Waterloo Regional Police ask fatal stabbing suspect to turn himself in Police are investigating a post that appeared on social media Monday night, written by someone who claims to be the 24-year-old suspect in the death of Kitchener woman Melinda Vasilije. Waterloo Regional Police ask fatal stabbing suspect to turn himself in Friends remember Melinda Vasilije, woman fatally stabbed in Kitchener apartment ​Ager Mohsin Hasan, from Hamilton, Ont., is facing a charge of second-degree murder and three charges of breach of recognizance in relation to Vasilije's death. A person matching his description was last seen outside a Walmart near Erie, Pennsylvania on Friday. The social media user posted a version of events that led to Vasilije's death, and photos and text messages to prove his involvement. However, CBC News has not been able to confirm the identity of the person who wrote the post. The post has since been removed from the website. Police said they are aware of the post and it is being evaluated by investigators. "Information like this is potential evidence and, as such, needs to be authenticated and verified," Waterloo Regional Police spokesperson Michael Haffner said in a release Tuesday morning. "We don't want to jeopardize that process and cannot comment any further on evidence. We would continue to encourage Mr. Hasan to turn himself into U.S. authorities." Search continues Police were called to Vasilije's Country Hill Drive apartment at 3 a.m. Friday. Police said they know Hasan crossed the Peace Bridge from Fort Erie, Ont., to Buffalo, N.Y., three hours later, around 6 a.m., driving a black Honda HR-V. A man matching his description was spotted switching licence plates from a vehicle in a Walmart parking lot in Harborcreek Township, near Erie, Pa., around 10 a.m. It's believed the man put the stolen plate on his own vehicle and fled the area. State police said the licence plate is Pennsylvania registration EZV1654 and had a Fraternal Order of Police medallion emblem attached to it. The Honda HR-V may have also been displaying Ontario licence plate BPKT509. Canada-wide warrant A Canada-wide warrant has been issued for Hasan's arrest. He is wanted on: One count of second-degree murder. Three counts of breach of recognizance. Police confirmed Hasan and Vasilije had been in a year-long relationship. The three breach of recognizance charges stem from a previous incident in April at Vasilije's apartment.  Hasan is also facing one charge of breaking and entering and two counts of assault stemming from that case.   Although domestic in nature, police said Vasilije was not assaulted in that incident. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Kitchener-Waterloo Wednesday Chance of showers 13°C Thursday Periods of rain 10°C Friday Periods of rain 6°C Saturday Chance of showers 6°C Sunday Chance of showers 8°C More Weather Latest Kitchener-Waterloo News Headlines Former Cambridge MPP Gerry Martiniuk has died Police investigate online post about Melinda Vasilije fatal stabbing Canada made marijuana illegal 94 years ago and no one's sure why Funeral Wednesday for Melinda Vasilije, fatally stabbed last week Accused in London taxi murder hospitalized over heart surgery Top News Headlines Canadian branch of far-right group fragments amid infighting Mountain climber stranded alone near the summit of Canada's highest peak read comments Senate ethics committee recommends Don Meredith be expelled video 'They sleep when they're too hungry': South Sudanese trapped by war, famine grow increasingly desperate video audio 'Shocked … sickened … devastated': Family mourns Ontario mother found dead in Belize Don't Miss Canadian branch of far-right group fragments amid infighting Argentine climber stranded at 3,000 metres after earthquakes rattle Yukon Senate ethics committee recommends Don Meredith be expelled CBC IN SOUTH SUDAN 'They sleep when they're too hungry': South Sudanese trapped by war, famine grow increasingly desperate Autopsies show Ontario woman and boyfriend were fatally strangled in Belize Angelo Musitano shot and killed in Hamilton mob hit Apple posts surprise drop in iPhone sales Recap No comeback for Senators as Rangers cruise to Game 3 win Opposition filibuster ends in profanity as Liberal chair adjourns meeting 'We miss her': Fort McMurray firefighter grapples with daughter's death during wildfire evacuation Venezuelans block roads to protest constitution rewrite Opinion In the world of technology, it all keeps coming back to privacy CBC Investigates Prison slammed for 'flawed and self-serving' actions after Cape Breton inmate's death As spring market swells, anxious home buyers are holding back, Toronto realtors say Putin scoffs at question over Russian interference into foreign elections, discusses Syria with Trump Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman In Ovations Holdings, Inc. Closes Multi Million Dollar Marketing Distribution Agreements with Seychelle Water Environmental Technologies and Aquarius Brands NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – May 2, 2017) –  In Ovations Holdings (OTC PINK: INOH) Closes on two Multi Million dollar marketing distribution agreements. In Ovations Holdings is happy to announce that it has closed on the marketing distribution agreement with Seychelle Water Environmental, which is currently doing multi million dollars in sales per year after a strategic revamping of management and plans to roll out our water filtration bottle through a major box store in the United States to be announced. Our executed agreement includes but is not limited to the Caribbean, Central America, Europe, Africa as well as Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay and Brazil. Our subsidiary Electro Verde is also doing the necessary valuation and valuable consideration of the potential customers through its management in the Dominican Republic to achieve and execute these initiatives. Aquarius Brands is now selling the Aquaboy Pro II in Walmart, Target, The Home Depot, Amazon, Super Green Stores, Unbelievable Sale and others. They are also on target to do more than a million dollars in sales this year. We are also in the process of selling our products in other countries through our Latin American Distribution sources. Mark Goldberg, CEO of In Ovations Holdings, Inc. stated, „I am very pleased with the new direction of the company’s future. We are working tirelessly on bringing new and enhanced value to the company and our shareholders. We will have the breakdown of all of the numbers in our June financials.” We will continue to update our shareholders as our business plans unfold. ABOUT AWS, a wholly owned subsidiary of Aquarius Brands™ a group of companies specializing in water generation, conservation and education for homes, businesses, hotels, restaurants, schools, utility companies and more. Aquarius Brands™ products include AWS AquaBoy® air to water generators™, Boomerang™ high-capacity compact bottling machines™, Retrax solar solutions™ and DroughtBuster™ water saving devices. In Ovations Holdings, Inc. through its subsidiary, Electro Verde Inc., entered into a marketing distribution agreement with Seychelle Water Environmental Technologies, Inc. which manufactures and supplies revolutionary water filtration systems featuring breakthrough technology, most notably, Ionic Adsorption Micro Filtration. Seychelle is a prominent company in the fast-growing water filtration industry, who markets a complete line of top-quality portable water filtration products and brands in North America and worldwide. The company is a minority owner of Atmospheric Water Solutions, (Aquarius Brands) a company involved in water purification. The Company is also engaged in identifying and engaging in other business opportunities for purposes of diversification and revenue generation. Safe Harbor Statement: Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release may contain certain statements that are not descriptions of historical information, but are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements refer to matters that involve risks and uncertainties. Such statements reflect management’s current views and are based on certain assumptions. Actual results could differ materially from the assumptions currently anticipated. CategoriesUncategorized TagsOTC PINK:INOH Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Intervenes in False Claims Act lawsuit Against UnitedHealth Group Inc. for Mischarging the Medicare Advantage and Prescription Drug Programs Next PostNext Anna Massoglia Joins Bloomberg BNA Search Recent Posts Acoustic Doppler Current Profilers (ADCP) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price North America Diamond-Like Carbon Coating Market Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2022 Genium Consolidated Feed (GCF) – Test Environment GCF TST3 Available North America Biodiesel Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2022 Australian Employers are Getting Better at Supporting Working Parents RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman In Ovations Holdings, Inc. Closes Multi Million Dollar Marketing Distribution Agreements with Seychelle Water Environmental Technologies and Aquarius Brands NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – May 2, 2017) –  In Ovations Holdings (OTC PINK: INOH) Closes on two Multi Million dollar marketing distribution agreements. In Ovations Holdings is happy to announce that it has closed on the marketing distribution agreement with Seychelle Water Environmental, which is currently doing multi million dollars in sales per year after a strategic revamping of management and plans to roll out our water filtration bottle through a major box store in the United States to be announced. Our executed agreement includes but is not limited to the Caribbean, Central America, Europe, Africa as well as Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay and Brazil. Our subsidiary Electro Verde is also doing the necessary valuation and valuable consideration of the potential customers through its management in the Dominican Republic to achieve and execute these initiatives. Aquarius Brands is now selling the Aquaboy Pro II in Walmart, Target, The Home Depot, Amazon, Super Green Stores, Unbelievable Sale and others. They are also on target to do more than a million dollars in sales this year. We are also in the process of selling our products in other countries through our Latin American Distribution sources. Mark Goldberg, CEO of In Ovations Holdings, Inc. stated, „I am very pleased with the new direction of the company’s future. We are working tirelessly on bringing new and enhanced value to the company and our shareholders. We will have the breakdown of all of the numbers in our June financials.” We will continue to update our shareholders as our business plans unfold. ABOUT AWS, a wholly owned subsidiary of Aquarius Brands™ a group of companies specializing in water generation, conservation and education for homes, businesses, hotels, restaurants, schools, utility companies and more. Aquarius Brands™ products include AWS AquaBoy® air to water generators™, Boomerang™ high-capacity compact bottling machines™, Retrax solar solutions™ and DroughtBuster™ water saving devices. In Ovations Holdings, Inc. through its subsidiary, Electro Verde Inc., entered into a marketing distribution agreement with Seychelle Water Environmental Technologies, Inc. which manufactures and supplies revolutionary water filtration systems featuring breakthrough technology, most notably, Ionic Adsorption Micro Filtration. Seychelle is a prominent company in the fast-growing water filtration industry, who markets a complete line of top-quality portable water filtration products and brands in North America and worldwide. The company is a minority owner of Atmospheric Water Solutions, (Aquarius Brands) a company involved in water purification. The Company is also engaged in identifying and engaging in other business opportunities for purposes of diversification and revenue generation. Safe Harbor Statement: Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release may contain certain statements that are not descriptions of historical information, but are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements refer to matters that involve risks and uncertainties. Such statements reflect management’s current views and are based on certain assumptions. Actual results could differ materially from the assumptions currently anticipated. CategoriesUncategorized TagsOTC PINK:INOH Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Intervenes in False Claims Act lawsuit Against UnitedHealth Group Inc. for Mischarging the Medicare Advantage and Prescription Drug Programs Next PostNext Anna Massoglia Joins Bloomberg BNA Search Recent Posts Acoustic Doppler Current Profilers (ADCP) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price North America Diamond-Like Carbon Coating Market Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2022 Genium Consolidated Feed (GCF) – Test Environment GCF TST3 Available North America Biodiesel Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2022 Australian Employers are Getting Better at Supporting Working Parents RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
WED, MAY 03, 2017 | 5 °C Mainly cloudy Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search News Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 5 hours ago LCBO recalls Bombay Sapphire gin due to wrong alcohol content The Liquor Control Board of Ontario is issuing a recall of the 1.14-litre... Latest News SEE MORE LCBO recalling Bombay Sapphire London Dry Gin Sajjan to reveal defence-spending 'hole' Security cameras coming to Galt core as part of Cambridge pilot project Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 7 hours ago Ascent buys former BlackBerry data centre in Cambridge BlackBerry has sold a sprawling data centre in Cambridge to a U.S. company... Latest Business News SEE MORE Home Capital delays release of Q1 earnings Apple sells fewer iPhones in last quarter Intact Financial to buy U.S. specialty insurer Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 4 hours ago Black returns to San Diego with NL West-leading Rockies Black returns to San Diego with NL West-leading Rockies Latest Sports News SEE MORE Bush ‘confident’ he will complete Marlins sale, but Romney’s bid in consideration Indians ace Kluber leaves game with back discomfort Penguins star Sidney Crosby out with another concussion Arts & Entertainment TV Listings Movies News+Reviews Movie Listings Dining Out Music Contests Events Books Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region Wow 6 hours ago Bryce Dallas Howard's crush on Matthew McConaughey Bryce Dallas Howard had a crush on Matthew McConaughey when she was a... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Matt Bomer's family ignored him for 'six months' after he came out as gay New book sheds light on political revolt Excerpt from former Manitoba minister's book Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 11 hours ago This weekend, come learn about the community you call home On the weekend of May 6 and May 7, the City of Hamilton will once again... Editorial cartoon April 13, 2017 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Crowdfunding Canada 150 Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness 6 hours ago Cambridge family reunited with dog lost for nine days in Huntsville It was a happy ending for one Cambridge family. Latest Stories SEE MORE Aquafaba, or 'bean water,' can replace eggs Canada 150: The story of Canada's first women's shelter Canadian inventors have changed the world Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 8 hours ago Wednesday, May 3: Your daily horoscope HAPPY BIRTHDAY for Wednesday, May 3, 2017: This year you open up to a... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Dear Ellie: Advice for afraid of losing contact with his children Magical ‘bean water’ can replace eggs in baking for vegans Freeze the miso, rinse the chicken? Test your food-safety knowledge Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 51% off a Massage discount: 51% | value: $80.00 | You Save: $41.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Properly negotiate child and spousal support arrangements Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 51% off a Massage discount: 51% | value: $80.00 | You Save: $41.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Words to live by Home News Local Man claiming to be murder suspect alleges details... | 9 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 Man claiming to be murder suspect alleges details of Kitchener stabbing death in Reddit post Hasan and Vasilije SYSTEM Ager Mohsin Hasan and Melinda Vasilije in an undated photo linked to a Reddit post that claims to be written by Hassan. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Liz Monteiro WATERLOO REGION — A person claiming to be Ager Mohsin Hasan, the man who faces a second-degree murder charge in connection with the death of Melinda Vasilije, said he stabbed the woman in self-defence in a Reddit post that has since been removed from the site. In the online statement posted late Monday night, the writer says he was protecting himself when his ex-girlfriend came at him with a knife. "Out of shock and fear I grab one (knife). I hit her with it, almost blindly. A few times," the person wrote. "I was confused, shocked and scared. I had no intentions of that happening. When I left I honestly thought she just passed out. Then I looked at the blood, and started freaking out and just ran." The writer said he didn't know the woman was dead until the following day. "I honestly had no intentions of ever doing that to her, I was protecting myself," the writer said. Hasan, a 24-year-old Hamilton man, is on the run. Waterloo Regional Police say he fled to the United States on Friday only hours after Vasilije was found dead. Vasilije was stabbed multiple times and found inside her apartment at 38 Country Hill Dr. around 3 a.m. Friday morning. Hasan was last reportedly seen in Erie County, Penn., on Friday morning when a man matching his description was seen switching licence plates in a Walmart parking lot. He hasn't been seen since. In a statement, Waterloo Regional Police said Tuesday that they are aware of the Reddit post and that the information is being examined by investigators. "Information like this is potential evidence and, as such, needs to be authenticated and verified," said Insp. Mike Haffner. Police said they will not comment further on the Reddit post. Evidence on the charge of second-degree murder will be presented in court which will evaluate the information, Haffner said. In an interview, Hasan's mother, Sozan Jamil, said she believes the Reddit post was written by her son because of the photos posted along with the text. "No one else has those pictures," she said. Jamil said she still hasn't heard from her son. She said she found the Reddit post online and contacted police to make them aware of it. The post was removed by early Tuesday afternoon. Police encourage Hasan to turn himself into police in the United States. In the post, the person says he was in a relationship with Vasilije after being apart. He said the couple had talked about marriage and children, and that families on both sides had met each other. The writer said the pair agreed to meet on Friday after texting. The writer said he arrived at the apartment: "We just cuddled, kissed and talked about everything." But things turned sour when Vasilije asked the man if he had been with someone else while they were apart. He admitted he had. "She started freaking out. Wouldn't say a word and just kept slapping me with tears in her eyes. Slaps turned into hits," the post read. The writer said he pushed her and she fell, hitting the sink. She told him to leave. "I go up to her to try and give her a hug, almost out no where she grabs a knife by the sink," the post read. "She comes at me in full force, aiming toward my face. I tell her to stop. She doesn't, I tried grabbing the knife but ended up cutting my hands. After a few cuts I lost it," the post said. In the post, the person says he didn't mean to do it and apologizes to Vasilije's family. "I know it will not will be accepted but know I didn't mean anything bad to happened that night when I went there. Rest in peace my beautiful. I hope you forgive me in the after life," the post read. The post says the pair had been in a relationship for more than a year. In April, they broke up and he arrived at her apartment. A fight broke out with two other men who were at the apartment. Police have said Hasan was ordered not to enter Waterloo Region and to not make contact with Vasilije after he was charged with an alleged break-and-enter and two alleged assaults at her Country Hill Drive apartment on April 3. In the Reddit post, the writer said he did not plan Vasilije's death. "I always have a passport in the car and decided to just get away for a few days before turning myself in or killing myself," the post said. The post also shows various photographs of the couple and a text conversation on Friday before the man alleged to be Hasan arrived at the Kitchener apartment. Meanwhile, the family of Vasilije is holding a visitation for her at Westmount Memorial Celebration Centre on Tuesday. Her funeral is on Wednesday. Anyone with information on Hasan or his whereabouts is asked to call Waterloo Regional Police at 519-650-8500, ext. 8666. lmonteiro@therecord.com Twitter: @MonteiroRecord Liz Monteiro can be reached via Twitter @MonteiroRecord | Most Read SEE MORE Waterloo Region home buyers pushed to the brink Man claiming to be murder suspect alleges details of Kitchener stabbing death in Reddit post Hamilton man faces second-degree murder charges in Kitchener woman’s death Locally-owned horse in Kentucky Derby Widow fights feds over CPP benefits denial In Your Neighbourhood Today Get game: Home billiard tables and more for your family game room Associated Bowling & Billiards in Guelph has been helping generations of satisfied customers with... Trust RCT Bins for your business's weekly garbage service Kitchener’s RCT Bins understands how important garbage collection is for your business, and that’s... Budget Windows & Doors: Transforming home exteriors with great products If you’ve been giving thought to making upgrades to your home with new windows and doors, you need... Satisfy your crowd with catering from Verona Pizza & Grill Verona Pizza & Grill in Kitchener offers you a variety of tasty choices from among not only their... Hallman Ironworks: Where their hearts are as big as their talent At Hallman Ironworks in Kitchener, they not only have amazing handcrafted wrought iron pieces for... Be chair aware when designing your apartment living space So, you're looking to make the best use of space in your rental apartment unit and also create a... Fuller brows fast: Why there's so much hype about microblading For beautiful brows and luscious lashes, visit Uptown Beauty Lounge in Waterloo. Offering the... High-tech cars require high-tech mechanics Morrison Automotive in Cambridge has been providing expert automotive services to customers in the... Signs your vehicle needs a checkup Just as you make regular visits to the doctor, your vehicle needs to be checked over by a... Stock up on groceries for less without ever leaving your car Finding healthy and affordable food on the fly is becoming a big challenge for families these days.... Central Automotive now offers a tire repair service Central Automotive Service, located on Courtland Avenue East in Kitchener, is dedicated to getting... WEALTH MATTERS: 5 robo advisor myths revisited No, we're not a team of robots. And yes, you really can pick up the phone and call us. Robo... How to prepare your vehicle for the winter DM Service Centre in Waterloo knows the winters in Ontario are long and harsh — and they're not any... WEALTH MATTERS: An Investment in You I founded Nest Wealth because I firmly believed Canadians deserved a better option when it came to... Open your mind and floor space with multi-purpose furniture So, you’ve moved into a rather small, but cute apartment and you want to make it feel like home.... Auto recycling that makes customers and the earth happy When it's time to take your beloved vehicle out of service, it doesn't mean it's the end of the... Bedroom designs that are trending in 2017 When moving into a rental unit you might feel limited in terms of what you can do to your bedroom... Children’s dental care: Keeping their teeth healthy until adulthood King Street Dental Centre of Waterloo will get your children started on a lifetime of great dental... What is a LIRA? Answering your questions about locked-in retirement accounts It’s hard to imagine that just a few decades ago, it was normal to get a job right out of school and... Buyer’s guide: Top 5 things to consider when buying a new furnace or AC Bulletproof Heating & Cooling in Hamilton helps individuals throughout southern Ontario find the... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   54% off New York Hand-Cut AA/AAA Striploin Steaks $80 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal 46% off Beef Hamburger Patties $30 View Deal 50% off Baby Back Ribs $55 View Deal 56% off Ground Bison $35 View Deal 51% off a Massage $39 View Deal 50% off a Cemetery Monument or Accessories $250 View Deal View All Deals MORE LOCAL Family mourning death of 3-year-old fire victim Security cameras coming to Galt core as part of Cambridge pilot project Square off over pensions as Stelco restructuring enters final stages 1993 Goudie nursing home historically significant, heritage committee says Kingdom come for Elmira’s never-say-die Jr. B crew The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Film Festivals Bentonville Film Festival Is in a ‘League’ of Its Own Malina Saval Associate Editor, Features @MalinaSaval Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Courtesy of Bentonville Film Festival May 2, 2017 | 10:00AM PT Heading into year three May 2-7, the Bentonville Film Festival, co-founded by Geena Davis and ARC Entertainment CEO Trevor Drinkwater, continues to distinguish itself as a fest not only invested in promoting the ideals of gender equality and cultural diversity, but also as a launching pad for burgeoning artists to distribute their big- and small-screen projects. “Our three winners — winners of the best narrative selected by jury, best family film and audience award categories — will receive guaranteed distribution, and that’s because of our partners,” says Davis, founder and chair of the nonprofit Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media. “That means their films will be on screen in AMC theaters, on TV on either Lifetime or Starz or one of our other TV partners, on Vudu for digital, and they’ll be on DVDs in Walmart. We’re the only one in the world who offers that, and we’ve had filmmakers tell us that distribution is much, much harder than getting their movie made.” To ensure a varied roster of projects at BFF, also sponsored by Coca-Cola, films can only qualify to compete if they meet two or more of seven characteristics, including having a female or diverse lead, female or diverse director, and gender and diversity-balanced crew. To that end, the BFF programming committee, including fest director Wendy Guerrero, has selected a slate of diversified projects to screen at the northwest Arkansas event. This year’s films include “Blood Road,” Nicholas Schrunk’s documentary on ultra-endurance mountain biker Rebecca Rusch; Dorie Barton’s coming-of-age movie “Girl Flu”; and the world premiere of William H. Macy’s “Krystal,” about a young man who develops a crush on a stripper and joins her Alcoholics Anonymous meeting to get close to her. The Weinstein Co.’s transgender drama “3 Generations,” starring Elle Fanning, Naomi Watts and Susan Sarandon, will open the fest, with Harvey Weinstein in attendance. The film is written by Nikole Beckwith and Gaby Dellal, who also directed. “I like the element of three generations, because one of the problems in Hollywood that one finds out if one’s in the industry is finding those parts for older female actors,” says Davis. “It’s a real coup for us to have this film.” Other highlights of BFF include panel discussions with Judy Greer, Meg Ryan, Jewel and a special 25th year anniversary screening of Penny Marshall’s seminal women’s baseball dramedy “A League of Their Own,” which Sony is re-releasing on Blu-ray. Several members of the film’s cast, including Davis and director Marshall, will take the field in the third annual “A League of Their Own” softball game in honor of the film, which put a spotlight on the professional female baseball league that thrived during WWII. “Sony is helping us make a really big deal of this,” says Davis, who won an Oscar for her supporting role in “The Accidental Tourist” and most recently starred opposite Jon Hamm and Tim Robbins in “Marjorie Prime.” “In the town they’re building a mini baseball park with bleachers and a big movie screen. They’re going to screen Sony movies throughout the week, including ‘A League of Their Own.’” For Davis, the push for on-screen diversity not only serves society as a whole, but the major film studios as well. “It’s not just about showcasing a diverse group of people, we want to really impact the industry and show successful films that can have a very strong female presence and diversity in them reflecting the real world,” says Davis. “It’s more important than ever. At the [Geena Davis] Institute, we conducted research on 2015-16 films starring a female character, and what we discovered is that movies starring a female character made more money at the box office — a 16% higher intake — than movies starring men. This is important. It’s not just the right thing to do, to increase diversity in film, but also a way to make money.” Filed Under: Bentonville Film Festival Geena Davis Geena Davis Institute on Gender and Media Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 Scene The 20 Most Outrageous Looks From the 2017 Met Gala TV Watch Jimmy Kimmel’s Emotional Monologue About Son’s Heart Surgery (VIDEO) Legit Tony Nominations: 9 Biggest Snubs and Surprises TV WGA Deal: Extended Talks Highlight Major Shifts in Peak TV Era ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’: Does Hulu Finally Have a Serious Emmy Contender? Laura Dern in the Mix for Film Academy President (EXCLUSIVE) How Jonathan Demme’s ‘Silence of the Lambs’ Broke Countless Oscar Conventions Emmys: Allison Janney Goes Lead for ‘Mom’ as Campaigns Jockey for Position Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Film News from Variety The Power of Content The Top Trends From Fashion's Biggest Night Out Power Of Celebrity Allows 'Disintermediation' – UTA Panel At… Exclusive: LaVar Ball Says a Sneaker Announcement Is Coming… Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Recap: Exit Wounds Jimmy Kimmel Became a True Heir to David Letterman's Throne on… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Time for an Upgrade? Here’s How to Sell Your Old Cell Phone Credit Cards Investing Banking Education Insurance Taxes Credit Cards Investing Banking Education Insurance Taxes × Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Rewards Credit Cards of 2017 Best Cash Back Credit Cards for 2017 Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards for 2017 Best IRA Accounts of 2017 Best Online Stock Trading Brokers for 2017 Roth IRA vs 401k? You May Not Have to Choose Best Money Market Accounts for 2017 The Best High-Interest Savings Accounts Online for 2017 The Best Free Checking Account in 2017 Best Savings Account in 2017 How to Find the Best CD Rates in 2017 Affordable Online Bachelor's Degree Programs in 2017 Affordable Online Master's Degree Programs in 2017 Affordable Online MBA Programs in 2017 Why You Should Consider Trade School Instead of College Best Car Insurance Companies of 2017 Best Life Insurance Companies for 2017 The Best Home Insurance for 2017 Affordable Health Insurance Options in 2017 Best Tax Software for 2017 The 5 Best Free Tax Software for 2017 Understanding Income Tax Brackets Income Tax Calculator Updated on 05.02.17 Time for an Upgrade? Here’s How to Sell Your Old Cell Phone by Drew Housman The average American upgrades their cell phone every 29 months, but I have a friend who goes through phones much more quickly than that. He likes to get the latest model every year. During a recent hangout, he startled me by opening a desk drawer to reveal what can only be described as an electronics graveyard. It contained six iPhones, an old flip phone, chargers, cables, cases, and every dongle imaginable. There were arguably enough in there for him to open his own mall kiosk and sell phone parts on the side. He told me how his drawer was filling up because he didn’t know what to do with the old phones. He knew he shouldn’t toss them, but he also didn’t want to go through the hassle of selling them. I offered to sell them for him and we agreed to split the profits. Then, I had to dig into all the options for selling a used phone. What my I found was that there are always going to be tradeoffs. You won’t find a solution that is fast, easy, and lucrative. In general, the less sweat equity you want to put in, the less money you’ll earn. Here are some of the best options for selling a cell phone: Highest earning potential: eBay After conducting my research, I chose to sell the phones on eBay. It’s the largest online auction site, with a robust used cell phone marketplace, so it allowed me to quickly get my listings in front of millions of potential buyers. The downside of using eBay is that it takes a bit of effort to create an attractive listing. You need to understand how to take crisp photos, how to write a good description, the ideal days of the week to list, and at what price to start the bidding. You also need to potentially deal with scam buyers and answer all the questions that come in from potential buyers. Another thing to keep in mind when using the eBay auction method is that there’s a chance you sell the item for much less than it’s worth. That’s because, in order to attract bids, it’s generally recommended to start the auctions at an artificially low price. But, due to timing and listing issues, or any complex combination of factors, you might end up with very few bidders and a final sale price that will make you want to cry. A few years ago, back when I was an eBay amateur, I convinced my girlfriend to let me sell her slightly used shoes on the site. Let’s just say she was less than pleased when I had to sheepishly mail off a pair of heels worth at least $75 for a whopping $5. My argument that we should just look at it like charity did not go over well. For some people, learning the ins and outs of eBay and dealing with the hassle won’t be worth it. But, if you have the time and energy, you’ll usually sell your phone for a higher price on eBay than if you use the other options. I was able to sell my friend’s phones with relatively little hassle. All the buyers paid on time and were very respectful. To me, the extra effort was worth it. eBay also has a quick sale service, where you mail in your phone and eBay then pays you a price determined by their staff. If you take this route, you’ll sacrifice profit for convenience. For instance, if you’re selling an iPhone 6 in good condition, the current trending price on eBay for auctions is $225 and the “eBay quick sale” value is $150. For some people, the convenience may be worth sacrificing those $75. Keep it simple: Trading in with your carrier or cell phone retailer Any big U.S. carrier or cell phone provider will happily take your old phone off your hands via their buyback programs. Best Buy, Walmart, Target, Apple, Amazon, and all the major cell phone carriers offer this service. The offerings of these companies are much like the eBay quick sale. You mail in your phone and get paid a fixed price in return. The difference is that they each make their payouts in the form of online gift cards or credits toward a new purchase. While credits are obviously not as fungible as cash, they can be useful to the person who’s simply upgrading and wants to keep things simple and minimize transaction costs. If you’re particularly loyal to a certain company and you don’t want to deal with selling a phone on your own, this isn’t a bad deal. But, all things considered, you’re likely to get less money (and in a less liquid form) using these sellers than if you go elsewhere. Keep it local: Craigslist Craigslist, the free online classified site, is similar to eBay in that you’re in charge of creating a listing for your item. It differs from eBay in that there is no bidding system. You’ll receive direct offers from potential buyers, and sometimes people will try to lowball you. But, if you’re patient, a Craigslist sale will usually result in more cash in your pocket as compared to doing the carrier trade-in option, or often even eBay. That’s partly because there are no shipping fees and no transaction costs (eBay takes 10% of every sale, and even a simple PayPal transaction carries a 2.9% transaction fee), and you can set your desired price without worrying about getting enough bidders. Plus, you’re almost always going to be paid in cash. As long as you know the fair market value of your phone and you’re willing to be firm, you should be fine. Also, Craigslist is good for those who want to build social capital in their neighborhood. There is something nice about having personal interactions and potentially getting to know people in your community. That being said, some people are wary of meeting up with strangers. The meetups also take time to coordinate, and sometimes people flake out at the last second. As with eBay, the time and effort needed to make the extra money might not be worth it. Easy and flexible: Dedicated buyback companies Gazelle, Flipsy, NextWorth and BuyBackWorld are all dedicated electronics buyback companies. They’re not affiliated with a particular cell phone provider or carrier. Like the giant corporations mentioned above, they’re targeting consumers who want to get money for their phones with minimal hassle. They each operate on the same general principle: You mail your phone to the company and they take care of the rest. Some, like Gazelle, even offer to wipe your phone of all personal data so you don’t have to (I wouldn’t trust a third party to do this, but for the less tech-savvy it can be an intriguing option). Payments come in the form of a check or a PayPal deposit. These companies also offer a 30-day price lock. If you upgrade every year like my friend, this could save you quite a bit of money. That’s because the resale price of a cell phone drops by 15% to 20% in the month leading up to a new release. If you know you’re going to upgrade every year, then you can sell your old phone the month before a new release. That way you can use your phone in the month leading up to the release without having to worry about it losing value when you want to sell it. Flipsy is a particularly intriguing option, as they act as a sort of clearinghouse for all the authorized buyback companies. They vet and verify buyback companies who can then make competing offers to buy your phone based on the age, make, and condition of your device. These companies are likely to multiply as cell phones become more and more popular, so it could be nice to use a service that consistently assures you that you’re getting the highest offers. A note about electronic waste Most people selling used phones are doing it to make some extra cash from what would otherwise become a lifeless rectangle in a junk drawer. And that’s great. But, it’s also important to keep in mind that there are compelling environmental reasons to resell — or, at the very least, properly recycle — your old cell phones. Far too many people simply discard old phones without thinking about the environmental impact of that choice. And as cell phones grow in popularity, the problem will only get worse. In 2017, more than 50 million tons of e-waste are expected to be generated globally. While that’s just a small fraction of the total trash generated, electronic waste is particularly toxic. Phones are full of heavy metals that tend to leach into the local water supply if not recycled properly. For instance, a single lithium battery can contaminate 60,000 liters of water. This is a particularly bad problem in China, where most of the world’s e-waste is processed. Lead levels in children are dangerously high in villages that process the most electronic waste. By reselling rather than discarding, you’re earning money and helping to combat the global e-waste problem. If your phone is too old or damaged to be worth anything on the resale market, you can find a responsible recycling program near you on e-stewards.org. Summing up Every situation is unique, so the make sure to explore all of your options before selling a used phone. Keep in mind that nothing will be perfect. If you want to get rid of a phone quickly and easily, you likely won’t get as much money for it. If you want to maximize profit, you’re going to have to work a little harder. It all comes down to how much free time you have and whether the benefits of earning extra money outweigh the opportunity costs of your time spent. Related Articles:  Beyond eBay: Six Better Ways to Buy, Sell, and Trade Stuff Online Fed Up With Verizon and AT&T? Try One of These Cheap Phone Plans Instead We Haven’t Paid for TV in Four Years: Our Real-Life Experience Cutting Cable   See Also: Get 2x Points on All Your Travel and Dining >> Recommended For You A Great Way To Pay Off Debt With A No Interest Credit Card Get rid of high interest debt with a 0% balance transfer credit card Get A Free Trip This Summer by using the Right Card Earn credit card points toward your favorite ways to travel Avoid Foreign Transaction Fees with These Top Picks Save money and expand your travel budget by packing any one of these cards on your trip 6 Credit Cards That Can't Be Beat in 2016 A comprehensive guide to maximizing rewards and getting paid back for everything you buy Loading Disqus Comments ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Google+. Loading Facebook Comments ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Facebook. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertiser Disclosure CLOSE Your Personal Financial Toolkit Manage your money IRA Accounts Online Brokers Free Checking Account Savings Accounts Tax Software Free Tax Software Plan for your future Mortgage Rates Auto loans Debt Payoff Calculator Protect your investments Home Insurance Renter’s Insurance Cheap Car Insurance Credit Monitoring Services Optimize your spending Credit Cards Rewards Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Business Credit Cards Credit Cards for Students Credit Cards for Bad Credit Get the new e-book, 202 Ways to Save Money Now, for free! Just sign up to The Simple Dollar Daily and start saving today. Advertiser Disclosure CLOSE Your Personal Financial Toolkit Manage your money IRA Accounts Online Brokers Free Checking Account Savings Accounts Tax Software Free Tax Software Plan for your future Mortgage Rates Auto loans Debt Payoff Calculator Protect your investments Home Insurance Renter’s Insurance Cheap Car Insurance Credit Monitoring Services Optimize your spending Credit Cards Rewards Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Business Credit Cards Credit Cards for Students Credit Cards for Bad Credit Get the new e-book, 202 Ways to Save Money Now, for free! Just sign up to The Simple Dollar Daily and start saving today. About The Simple Dollar Contact Careers © 2017 TheSimpleDollar.com Privacy Terms of Service Advertiser Disclosure Advertising Disclosure: TheSimpleDollar.com has an advertising relationship with some of the offers included on this page. However, the rankings and listings of our reviews, tools and all other content are based on objective analysis. For more information and a complete list of our advertising partners, please check out our full Advertising Disclosure. TheSimpleDollar.com strives to keep its information accurate and up to date. The information in our reviews could be different from what you find when visiting a financial institution, service provider or a specific product's website. All products are presented without warranty. Top
44° Subscribe Chicago News Sports Podcasts Politics Entertainment Columnists Opinion Lifestyles Autos Obits Featured Obits Classifieds Jobs Subscribe More Chicago News 2 CPD officers shot in Back of the Yards Chicago News Bridie McCann dies at 85, helped build family electrical business Chicago Chicago aldermen want railroad to stop gun thefts Chicago News U of C’s Charles Barnwell dies; experimented with photography Chicago News Kapos: Rick Bayless celebrating special Beard Award Chicago News Vandalism at Ald. Moreno’s office targets gentrification Entertainment Laurie Metcalf, Goodman’s ‘War Paint’ land Tony Award nominations Chicago WATCHDOGS: Files give a rare peek inside mayor’s security detail Chicago CTA seeks public input on two key ‘improvement’ projects Chicago News Back News Home Crime Education Opinion Transportation Business Chicago Sneed Feature Stories The Watchdogs Homicide Watch Koschman Weather Sports Back Sports Home Rick Morrissey Rick Telander White Sox Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs Outdoors High School Sports Colleges Fire Steve Greenberg Ladd Biro Dale Bowman Jeff Agrest Podcasts Politics Back Politics Home Chicago Springfield Washington Lynn Sweet Entertainment Back Entertainment Home Architecture & Design Art Games Bill Zwecker Hedy Weiss Rich Roeper Books Things to do Comedy Dance Movies Music Reviews Stage Television Columnists Back Dale Bowman Rick Morrissey Rick Telander Steve Greenberg Dan Mihalopoulos Jeff Agrest Lynn Sweet Rich Roeper Bill Zwecker Hedy Weiss Neil Steinberg Mark Brown Mary Mitchell Sneed Shia Kapos Opinion Back Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor S. E. Cupp Madeleine Doubek John Fountain Marlen Garcia Jesse Jackson Gene Lyons Phil Kadner Sue Ontiveros Andy Shaw Roger Simon Laura Washington Other Views Lifestyles Back Lifestyles Home Well Travel Horoscopes Relationship Advice Dear Abby Autos Back Autos Home Obits Featured Obits Classifieds Back Classifieds Real Estate Autos Jobs Back Monster Subscribe Back Manage Account Subscriptions Newsletters Today’s E-Paper Paper Finder TV Weekly Order Back Issues NIE More Back Advertise with Us Search Archives Licensing Order Photos Newsroom Internships About Us Contact Us About Native Ads Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Sponsored Content News Two Chicago men charged with three-month string of store holdups Chicago News 05/02/2017, 12:01pm Sun-Times file photo Jordan Owen @byjordanowen | email Sign-Up for our News & Politics Newsletter  Sign-Up Two Chicago men have been charged with a three-month string of store holdups on the South and West sides, and in the suburbs. Henry Fabela and Emanuel Gavin, both 24, are charged with robbery in a federal criminal complaint filed Monday in U.S. District Court. The robberies happened between Jan. 24 and April 28 at cellphone stores, gas stations and convenience stores; and all had the same pattern, according to the complaint. The first robbery happened at 4:34 p.m. Jan. 24 at the Metro PCS store at 3641 W. 83rd Pl., according to the complaint. Gavin entered the store wearing a white surgical mask, and pointed a black semi-automatic handgun at the employee. Gavin said, “You don’t want to die today. Head to the back of the store,” according to the complaint. The employee obeyed and Gavin ordered the employee to empty their pockets into a blue Walmart tote bag. He then ordered the employee to return to the front of the store and empty the cash register. The employee got about $80 and put the money into the tote bag, and Gavin left the store. On Feb. 28, a juvenile was taken into Chicago Police custody for having a stolen iPhone 5, according to the complaint. The phone had been taken during an armed robbery at a Metro PCS store on Feb. 3 in Chicago. The robbery fit the pattern of robberies that were under investigation by the FBI. Officers found pictures on the cellphone of a juvenile and another person on the phone that fit the profile of the person being sought for the armed robberies, according to the complaint. The officers showed the juvenile’s guardian the photos, and the guardian identified the man as Gavin, the juvenile’s cousin. Another robbery happened at 6:36 p.m. April 21 at a Metro PCS store at 5838 W. Roosevelt Ave., according to the complaint. Gavin entered the store wearing a white surgical mask, approached an employee and asked for a Samsung phone charger. He walked around the store and left before a second person entered the store. After the second person left, Gavin returned, approached the register, unzipped his hooded sweatshirt, showed the employee a black handgun and said, “Give me all the money,” according to the complaint. The employee gave him $500 from the register, and Gavin left. About 4:30 p.m. April 25, Gavin entered a gas station at West 2nd Street and Addison Avenue in Elmhurst wearing a blue surgical mask and asked for a pack of Newport 100s, according to the complaint. The employee asked Gavin for ID for the cigarettes, and he responded, “They card hard out here.” He then said, “I got a big ass gun. Open the drawer.” The employee asked why, and Gavin told the employee, “I’ll shoot ya” and displayed a gun, according to the complaint. The employee gave him all the cash in the register, and he left. Surveillance video caught Gavin running out of the store and to the back of the station, where a black Jeep Patriot was parked, according to the complaint. He got in the vehicle, which was driven by a second person, and they left. The Jeep was similar to one seen at two similar armed robberies of 7-Eleven stores in Skokie, an armed robbery of a Metro PCS store in Chicago, the robbery of a Cricket store in Berwyn, and the armed robbery of a Metro PCS store in Homewood, according to the complaint. The FBI learned from Chicago Police that after the April 11 robbery of a Metro PCS store, the suspect left in a black 2014 Jeep Patriot, according to the complaint. They ran the plate and found it was registered to Fabela, who lives in the Southwest Side Ashburn neighborhood. Gavin had recently registered a vehicle to an address just three blocks away. At 5:50 p.m. Friday, Gavin robbed a Metro PCS store in the 2200 block of South Western, according to the complaint. He walked into the store and asked for an Android charger. The employee pointed Gavin to the chargers, and Gavin handed the employee $23. While the employee was on the phone, Gavin held a gun near his chest and said, “Give me the money or I’ll shoot you.” The employee said, “What?” and Gavin walked around the counter, took about $635 from the register and said, “Don’t call the cops yet,” according to the complaint. About two minutes later, law enforcement saw Gavin, with cash protruding from his pocket, jog out of the store and get into Fabela’s vehicle, according to the complaint. Officers blocked the vehicle and arrested both men. An Airsoft gun, $725.75 in cash, a surgical mask and a Metro PCS phone charger were recovered from Gavin, according to the complaint. Gavin admitted to the FBI that he robbed the Metro PCS store with his friend Fabela, according to the complaint. He said he knew Fabela from the neighborhood and went to school with his brother. He called Fabela earlier in the day and asked if he was up for “hitting a lick,” or committing a robbery. He also admitted to committing other robberies with Fabela, including the Elmhurst robbery. However, Fabela said he was in Elmhurst on April 25, but denied involvement in the robbery, according to the complaint. He claimed to be an Uber driver and requested an attorney. Gavin and Fabela were ordered detained at their initial appearance in federal court on Monday, according to FBI spokesman Garrett Croon. The investigation was conducted by the FBI’s Violent Crimes Task Force along with the Chicago, Homewood, Elmhurst, Berwyn and Skokie police departments. Previously from Chicago News Massive manhunt on after 2 CPD officers shot in Back of the Yards New photos show inside of home where Semaj Crosby was found dead Emanuel puts brakes on Rauner plan to sell Thompson Center Chicago aldermen want railroad to stop gun thefts Stories from around the web you may like Currently Trending chicago news Massive manhunt on after 2 CPD officers shot in Back of the Yards – Chicago Sun-Times bears Bears have quarterback storm brewing chicago news New photos show inside of home where Semaj Crosby was found dead bears Mel Kiper, Todd McShay: Bears development of Trubisky will be key – Chicago Sun-Times chicago Lester Holt: CBS2 to breaking network nightly news' race barrier × Search CAPTION Post to Cancel
EDITION US NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero Good News VIDEO NEWSLETTERS FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost MORE Books Candidate Confessional College Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Green Outspeak Religion Small Business Sports Teen Weddings Arabi Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Greece India Italia Japan Korea Maghreb México Québec South Africa United Kingdom United States Close POLITICS 05/02/2017 11:59 am ET West Virginia’s Biggest Utility Eyes Renewables Over Coal, Despite Trump It's yet another sign coal isn't making a comeback anytime soon. By Alexander C. Kaufman For West Virginia’s biggest utility company, coal is no longer king. Rather, like many deposed regents, it’s now in a power-sharing coalition. Chris Beam, 48, the newly minted chief executive of Appalachian Power, is looking to build solar and wind farms despite favorable new coal policies coming down from the governor’s mansion and the White House. “The current administration in Washington, D.C., is very pro-coal, which is a good thing, but they run in four-year increments,” Beam told HuffPost by phone last week. “The last administration was not pro-coal. So, what we try to do as a company is we try to look more long-term.” Beam, a native of Wheeling, West Virginia, who has spent 27 years at Appalachian Power, said the company plans in 20- to 40-year increments ― and looking out that far, the plummeting price of renewables makes solar and wind more attractive investments. “Our investments have to span what could be multiple governors in the governor’s mansion or multiple presidents sitting in Washington, D.C.,” Beam said. “We don’t get into the four-year swing based on who is sitting in what chair, but more around what is the best thing to do from our customers’ perspective.”  Carlos Barria/Reuters A coal miner shakes hands with President Donald Trump as Trump prepares to sign Resolution 38, which nullified the Stream Protection Rule. Appalachian Power already has 495 megawatts of wind energy, bolstered by its purchase of a 20-year contract for 120 megawatts last June. For now, it doesn’t sell any solar energy. The Charleston Gazette-Mail first reported on Appalachian Power’s plans.  Part of the company’s push into renewables comes from a desire to attract more corporate customers, like Google, Amazon or Walmart, which have set goals for powering their operations with 100 percent zero-emissions energy. Beam declined to name any specific companies he’s been courting. “These corporations are setting targets that they have to meet from a renewables perspective, and that’s being driven by their boards of directors,” Beam said. “That’s an input for us.” Appalachian Power is far from alone. This week, Virginia’s largest utility announced plans to power 1.3 million Virginia and North Carolina homes with solar by 2042. Last week, Duke Energy Corporation, headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, said it wants to cut coal use by one-third. Even a coal museum in Kentucky went solar last month, citing it as a cheaper energy source than coal.  Still, Beam shies away from the debate over climate change invigorated by President Donald Trump, who has dismissed global warming as a Chinese hoax. In its first 100 days, the Trump administration relaxed rules on methane emissions, lifted a temporary moratorium on federal coal leasing and signed an order to review the Clean Power Plan, the sweeping Obama-era regulation to cut emissions from the utility sector. Hard-line denialists are pushing the White House to withdraw from the Paris Agreement, the historic 195-country deal to slash greenhouse gases. References to climate change have disappeared from federal websites. House Republicans have invited industry lobbyists to help rewrite rules on how agencies use science. Even outside government, climate denialism has gained an upper hand. Last week, The New York Times defended poaching a notorious climate science critic from The Wall Street Journal as a “diversity” hire.  We’re past the argument on climate change. Chris Beam, Appalachian Power CEO To be clear, an overwhelming body of peer-reviewed research indicates that a huge increase in greenhouse gas emissions, chiefly caused by the burning of fossil fuels, is warming the planet and altering the climate. The uptick in violent storms, droughts and the rapid retreat of glaciers are already tangible symptoms of climate change, scientists say. Yet a decades-long Big Tobacco-style disinformation campaign orchestrated by oil and gas interests means there’s still a political debate over the issue. The swift collapse of the coal mining industry over the last decade has also led to political sparring. Coal was once the economic engine of Appalachian states like West Virginia and Kentucky, but demand has plummeted as cleaner-burning natural gas ― made cheap by advancements in hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, technology ― has become the go-to fuel for the utility sector. Coal’s decline was hastened by a nosedive in demand from China, which until 2012 purchased U.S. coal at a rapid pace to fuel its booming steel industry and double-digit economic growth. As China shifts away from coal, laying off thousands of its own miners, demand seems unlikely to return anytime soon, if ever. But coal executives and their mostly Republican allies, including Trump, have blamed environmental regulations for coal’s decline, saying the Obama administration waged a “war on coal.” Rules like the Clean Power Plan certainly didn’t help, but the coal industry was crowded out of the market, not suffocated by regulations ― as everyone from the libertarian magazine Reason to billionaire Bloomberg L.P. CEO Michael Bloomberg to coal companies themselves agree. As energy issues become even more politicized, Beam said he prefers to avoid the debate altogether. But he should have significant support for investing in renewables: Fifty-four percent of West Virginia adults believe global warming is already happening, though a little less than half recognize that it’s mostly caused by human activity. Seventy-five percent support funding research into renewables, and 67 percent favor regulating carbon dioxide as a pollutant. “We’re past the argument on climate change,” Beam said. “What we’re trying to do is the right thing for the environment. We believe reducing our CO2 footprint is a good thing to do.” EIA Coal still overwhelmingly dominated West Virginia's energy mix as of January 2017.  Yet even as more energy sources come into play, coal still reigns supreme in West Virginia. In 2014, 95.5 percent of the state’s power came from coal-fired plants, and that ratio hasn’t changed much over the last three years. “We still burn a lot of coal,” Beam said. “We are also pro-coal. We don’t want anybody to lose sight of the coal facilities we have.” “We’re not saying we’re going to walk away from that,” he added. “But the thing is, as we solicit the market, we’re starting to see wind and solar be competitive with natural gas and coal. And price is always going to be a very high determining factor.” Related Coverage Donald Trump Signs Order To Undo Obama's Legacy On Climate Change A Coal Museum In Kentucky Went Solar This Month. The Backstory Is Even Better. Coal Executive Admits Donald Trump Can't Single-Handedly Save The Industry 13 Better Things To Read Than Bret Stephens’ First New York Times Column EPA Quietly Asked The Public Which Clean Air Rules To Cut. Industry Answered Loudest. Do you have information you want to share with the Huffington Post? Here’s how. Suggest a correction Alexander C. Kaufman Business & Environment Reporter, HuffPost MORE: Donald Trump Climate Change Sustainability Energy Coal CONVERSATIONS Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW POLITICS How will Trump’s administration impact you? Learn more Newsletter 2.1 M 1.28 M 478 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat West Virginia’s Biggest Utility Eyes Renewables Over Coal, Despite Trump NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter ABOUT US ADVERTISE ABOUT OUR ADS CONTACT US RSS FAQ CAREERS ARCHIVE USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY COMMENT POLICY Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Fundraising Company Achieves More Than 95 Percent Market Share With Acquisition of Chicago-Based Competitor Fundraising Company Achieves More Than 95 Percent Market Share With Acquisition of Chicago-Based Competitor Posted on May 2, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Great Lakes Scrip Center officially acquired The Manna Group of Illinois on April 21st; adding 800 nonprofit organizations to the ShopWithScrip program. Grand Rapids, Michigan (PRWEB) May 02, 2017 West Michigan based, Great Lakes Scrip Center (GLSC) announced today the acquisition of The Manna Group of Illinois after months of negotiations. GLSC’s extensive growth in the past several years is due to their advanced e-commerce offerings, direct connections with big-name retailers and established industry presence. The acquisition gives Great Lakes Scrip Center more than a 95 percent market share with its scrip fundraising program, ShopWithScrip. This will also add an additional 800 organizations to the program, and is GLSC’s second acquisition in the past two years. “Relationships with the largest national retailers have been a priority since our company was founded more than 22 years ago. The transition of The Manna Group customers to ShopWithScrip will ensure continued growth for our retail partners,” said Great Lakes Scrip Center Vice President of Retail Partnerships, Jill Whalen. “We work closely with over 750 major retail brands such as Starbucks, Target, Whole Foods, Walmart, and Speedway. With so many retailers, customers are able to use scrip on all their grocery, gas, dining, travel and home improvement purchases.” The ShopWithScrip fundraising program is the largest gift card fundraising program in the USA. Scrip is fundraising while you shop®. Unlike other fundraisers where you have to devote time to selling products or asking for donations, with scrip, you raise money by purchasing gift cards on ShopWithScrip.com. These gift cards all have a rebate percentage on them, normally between 2 percent and 16 percent, which is the amount that will go directly to your organization when the card is purchased at face value. “As electronic gift card products become more important in scrip fundraising, the result of our extensive offering of eGift cards and reloads is increased fundraising for our nonprofit customers and more sales for retailers in the program,” said Whalen. Over the past two decades, ShopWithScrip has contributed to fundraising initiatives for over 30,000 organizations, raising over $570 million. The ShopWithScrip process is simplified below: Organizations sign up to become a ShopWithScrip customer. Organizations earn money on the gift card purchases. This money goes towards organization’s fundraising initiatives. ShopWithScrip delivers the organization’s purchased gift cards. ShopWithScrip will fulfill The Manna Group orders beginning May 8, 2017 with customers enrolling on ShopWithScrip by June 5, 2017 at: shop.shopwithscrip.com/StartProgram/OrgEnrollment. “We are working closely with The Manna Group to ensure customers are aware of the changes and know what to expect. We have a long history of providing coaching and training to the more than 30,000 organizations we’ve helped raise money over the years, and we will be available to The Manna Group customers both during the transition and going forward as they add features available on ShopWithScrip to grow their fundraising,” said Whalen. For more information on ShopWithScrip, or to enroll your school, church, team or nonprofit organization, visit: shopwithscrip.com. ### About Great Lakes Scrip Center: Great Lakes Scrip Center has over 22 years of experience helping nonprofit organizations succeed with their fundraising needs without the traditional fundraising hassle of selling products and running events. The largest scrip fundraising provider in the United States, our customers have raised over $570 million by shopping with Scrip at their favorite stores. 30,000 nonprofit organizations throughout the nation trust us to help them manage their scrip fundraising programs with ShopWithScrip, our online scrip fundraising system. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14297670.htm Latest News Patient Access Solutions Inc. Proudly Announces an Update SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Concerning Whether the Sale of Park Sterling Corporation to South State Corporation is Fair to Shareholders – PSTB Questis Enters Joint Business Relationship with Alliance Pension Consultants for Digital Financial Wellness New Headquarters To Incorporate Alternative Energy Sources HighRoad Solution Announces the 2017 State of Digital Marketing in Associations Report The Fenway Institute: MacArthur Amendment to the American Health Care Act Poses Even Greater Threat to LGBT People and People Living with HIV Than the Original Bill Fundraising Company Achieves More Than 95 Percent Market Share With Acquisition of Chicago-Based Competitor Alelo CEO Lewis Johnson and NCSU Professor James Lester Receive Prestigious Award for Influential Paper on Pedagogical Agents MB Business Capital Announces $9.257 Million Credit Facility for Boehm Pressed Steel Company Trintech Named as One of CIO Review’s 20 Most Promising SAP(R) Solution Providers – 2017 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman In Ovations Holdings, Inc. (INOH: OTC Pink Current) | In Ovations Holdings, Inc. Closes Multi Million Dollar Marketing Distribution Agreements with Seychelle Water Environmental Technologies and Aquarius Brands NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – May 2, 2017) –  In Ovations Holdings (OTC PINK: INOH) Closes on two Multi Million dollar marketing distribution agreements. In Ovations Holdings is happy to announce that it has closed on the marketing distribution agreement with Seychelle Water Environmental, which is currently doing multi million dollars in sales per year after a strategic revamping of management and plans to roll out our water filtration bottle through a major box store in the United States to be announced. Our executed agreement includes but is not limited to the Caribbean, Central America, Europe, Africa as well as Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay and Brazil. Our subsidiary Electro Verde is also doing the necessary valuation and valuable consideration of the potential customers through its management in the Dominican Republic to achieve and execute these initiatives. Aquarius Brands is now selling the Aquaboy Pro II in Walmart, Target, The Home Depot, Amazon, Super Green Stores, Unbelievable Sale and others. They are also on target to do more than a million dollars in sales this year. We are also in the process of selling our products in other countries through our Latin American Distribution sources. Mark Goldberg, CEO of In Ovations Holdings, Inc. stated, „I am very pleased with the new direction of the company’s future. We are working tirelessly on bringing new and enhanced value to the company and our shareholders. We will have the breakdown of all of the numbers in our June financials.” We will continue to update our shareholders as our business plans unfold. ABOUT AWS, a wholly owned subsidiary of Aquarius Brands™ a group of companies specializing in water generation, conservation and education for homes, businesses, hotels, restaurants, schools, utility companies and more. Aquarius Brands™ products include AWS AquaBoy® air to water generators™, Boomerang™ high-capacity compact bottling machines™, Retrax solar solutions™ and DroughtBuster™ water saving devices. In Ovations Holdings, Inc. through its subsidiary, Electro Verde Inc., entered into a marketing distribution agreement with Seychelle Water Environmental Technologies, Inc. which manufactures and supplies revolutionary water filtration systems featuring breakthrough technology, most notably, Ionic Adsorption Micro Filtration. Seychelle is a prominent company in the fast-growing water filtration industry, who markets a complete line of top-quality portable water filtration products and brands in North America and worldwide. The company is a minority owner of Atmospheric Water Solutions, (Aquarius Brands) a company involved in water purification. The Company is also engaged in identifying and engaging in other business opportunities for purposes of diversification and revenue generation. Safe Harbor Statement: Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release may contain certain statements that are not descriptions of historical information, but are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements refer to matters that involve risks and uncertainties. Such statements reflect management’s current views and are based on certain assumptions. Actual results could differ materially from the assumptions currently anticipated. Copyright © 2017 Marketwired. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIn Ovations Holdings, Inc. Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DEADLINE ALERT – Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Desarrolladora Homex, S.A.B. de C.V. (HXM, DHOXQ, DHOXY) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline – May 15, 2017 Next PostNext SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Concerning Whether the Sale of Jive Software, Inc. to ESW Capital, LLC for $5.25 Per Share is Fair to Shareholders – JIVE Search Recent Posts Acoustic Doppler Current Profilers (ADCP) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price North America Diamond-Like Carbon Coating Market Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2022 Genium Consolidated Feed (GCF) – Test Environment GCF TST3 Available North America Biodiesel Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2022 Australian Employers are Getting Better at Supporting Working Parents RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Close Latest Minutes Politics Culture Magazine Climate Books Photography Podcasts Subscribe About Advertise Contact FAQ Press Jobs RSS Masthead Privacy Subscriber Services Menu MagazineSubscribe Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Axios and Donald Trump Are Made For Each Other Mike Allen's scoop-generating newsletter is the perfect vehicle for the nonstop chatter coming from the White House. By Alex Shephard May 2, 2017 Axios—the brainchild of Politico veterans Jim VandeHei and Mike Allen—has now existed for a hair over 100 days. It launched just before President Donald Trump’s inauguration, and it’s tempting to see Axios as being joined to his ample hip. If there is a single news organization that reflects the odd times in which we live, Axios is it. Of course, it’s likely that Axios will look very different 100 days from now. “I think that we’re all fools to judge any publication by its first 100 days,” Politico’s media columnist Jack Shafer told me. “I’m sure if you went back to the first 100 days of Politico you would not be very impressed.” But in many ways, the site has been impressive, emerging fully formed as a scoop-generating, light-on-its-feet news organ that speaks in the dialect of its moment. The problem is with the dialect itself. This is best exemplified by Allen’s credulous approach to journalism. His proudly nonpartisan stance (he claims to have no ideology, and I absolutely take his word for it) is a throwback in this hyper-partisan age, as well as a double-edged sword. It allows Axios—particularly through its flagship newsletter, the successor to Allen’s agenda-setting Playbook at Politico—to present an often unvarnished account of what the White House is thinking. When the administration is in the midst of yet another debacle, this can be extremely useful. But in a White House where everyone is trying to kill each other and is lying every second of every day, the newsletter can read like a transcription of the delusions of the powerful. This tendency would appear to be a part of Axios’s DNA. On November 30, 2016, VandeHei and Allen unveiled their great project, which they had been working on since they parted ways with Politico earlier that year. “Media is broken—and too often a scam,” VandeHei wrote in a mission statement that was labeled a manifesto, one of the company’s many genuflections to Silicon Valley. The manifesto contains numerous complaints about contemporary journalism. Stories are too boring. (They should be punchy.) They are also too long. (They should be shorter, unlike the manifesto, which is pretty long.) Websites are messy. (This is true!) “Readers and advertisers alike are too often afterthoughts.” (This one is also true, but it tellingly puts readers and advertisers on the same plane.) Axios is driven by a style of reaching the modern (business)man in a hurry. Before the site launched, VandeHei said that he wanted it to be a mix between The Economist and Twitter, a meaningless description that surely destroyed with the venture capitalist set. (Another thing sure to have appealed to the VC crowd: Axios’s name, which we’re told means “worthy” in Greek. If media doesn’t work out, Axios could sell its moniker to a defense contractor startup.) But if you see these brands as metaphors—one meaning “old and authoritative” and the other meaning “new and fast”—you get a sense of what Axios wants to be: It is foremost a business and technology website that reportedly charges $10,000 a year to subscribers for its market-moving insights and scoops. Just last month, Axios launched its fifth vertical, which covers the energy sector. And over the course of its existence the company has hired a host of well-respected reporters, including David Nather and Dan Primack. That said, its political coverage remains its most visible product. Allen’s newsletter is the face of the enterprise, and it guides the style and tone of the rest of the venture. The election of Donald Trump suggests that VandeHei’s manifesto isn’t wrong: People really are sick of business as usual, especially from corporate media outlets that are beholden to either ratings or their sponsors. But that doesn’t mean that Axios, which is sponsored by several large corporations—BP, Walmart, and Koch Industries are “launch partners”—is the answer. (Of course, Axios is hardly the only media company wrapped in corporate tentacles.) It certainly doesn’t treat the powerful with all that much skepticism. Donald Trump, for instance, has yet to make a significant deal in office and has been removed from much of the horse-trading on the Hill, but he is nevertheless referred to again and again as a “dealmaker” and a “salesman.” Rather, it’s driven by a style of reaching the modern (business)man in a hurry. Allen seems to be the godfather of that style. He is enormously energetic, both as a journalist and as a writer, and that comes through in his prose. Within two weeks, for instance, Allen and reporter Jonathan Swan used the phrases “popped the shocker” and “popped a meaty interview,” respectively, both of which made my eyes bug out of my head. But awkward, energetic phrases are Allen’s stock-in trade and they’ve become Axios’s too. “Mike Allen is still very good at doing that thing,” Shafer said. Similarly, most Axios stories are between 200 and 400 words.” I think that short is a good guideline,” Shafer told me. “Without being critical of Axios I would say that writing intelligently is the real thing to shoot for—if you can do it in 250 words, god bless you.” Axios’s goal appears to be to make every post short enough to be fully read, not skimmed. The information is arranged like a memo. In fact, it’s not dissimilar to Trump’s reported dictum that all briefings fit on one page and include no more than nine bullet points—if it’s good enough for Trump, it’s good enough for Axios, I guess. The problem is that contextualizing information is one of journalism’s most important duties, and the Axios model has almost no room for context. Every post feels like a briefing, but if you’re hungry for more information there’s nowhere else to go. “One of the main challenges for me in following this administration is that there is so much information and there are so many tweets and quotes,” Laura Hazard Owen, the deputy editor of the Nieman Journalism Lab, told me. “Bullet points are less helpful in that context because there’s no narrative: It’s just information being thrown at you all the time. If there’s no organizing theme, it just becomes a laundry list of things.” Many items do end with a bit of analysis—a takeaway labeled “why it matters,” “what it means,” or “the bottom line.” Here, for instance is why the speech Trump gave on Saturday marking his 100th day in office matters: “This remarkable speech shows Trump’s inside-outside game. Inside, he’s sculpting his 100-days narrative and giving a raft of interviews, assuring Beltway reporters that he knows they still matter.... On the road, journalists are his go-to foil.” Allen ends with a bullet point of advice: “Be smart: Don’t over-interpret either half.” Still, Axios deifies one type of journalism (scoop generation) at the expense of another (context), and the result is a blinkered experience. In this respect, Donald Trump and Mike Allen are almost perfect for one another. Trump generates a ton of chatter and Allen is an excellent stenographer of chatter. Trump generates a ton of chatter and Allen is an excellent stenographer of chatter. The best parts of his newsletters are often (always anonymous) quotes from powerful people. In a breathless entry filed after Trump’s well-received speech before a joint session of Congress, one aide told Allen, “For once, we had the wind at our sails. We decided not to sh*t on ourselves.” That’s a good quote! But the problem with being a stenographer for the powerful is that many of these powerful people are extremely full of it. Furthermore, you have a White House with so many conflicting voices that it makes Rashomon look like an open-and-shut case. Yet Allen dutifully reports their words, which are then shuttled to your inbox before 7 AM. This ethos bleeds into Axios’s other coverage as well. It’s more invested in technology and Silicon Valley than its business-oriented competitors like The Wall Street Journal—there are lots of features on Elon Musk and the coming AI apocalypse—but no one would confuse it for The Verge, let alone Gizmodo. Which is to say it has invested heavily in getting the kinds of scoops that investors care about—the kinds that will make them money—not necessarily in shedding an unflattering light on some of the most powerful and wealthiest people in the world. This is a recipe for bad journalism, yes. But it also goes against the grain of what traditional news outlets are betting on. As far as the average consumer goes, skepticism sells, resulting in subscription surges for the likes of The New York Times. “Serious investigative reporting from The New York Times and The Washington Post is really important now,” Hazard Owen told me. “That has the ability to change the narrative.” Still, investors are a valuable commodity for a news organization because they will pay lots of money to get information before other people—the Bloomberg model—and because as an audience they command more advertising dollars. As it builds its empire, the danger for Axios is that it could become a publication for powerful, important people by powerful, important people. There are too many incentives for it to continue to transcribe the talking points of moguls in big business and politics. At a time when the two are dangerously intertwined, an incredulous publication becomes dangerous as well. Alex Shephard is the news editor at The New Republic. @alex_shephard Read More Politics, Mike Allen, Axios, Donald Trump Sign up for your daily dose of politics, culture, and big ideas. Sign Up Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn Copyright 2017 © New Republic. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman In Ovations Holdings, Inc. Closes Multi Million Dollar Marketing Distribution Agreements with Seychelle Water Environmental Technologies and Aquarius Brands NEW YORK, NY – (NewMediaWire) – May 2, 2017 – In Ovations Holdings (OTC PINK: INOH) Closes on two Multi Million dollar marketing distribution agreements.  In Ovations Holdings is happy to announce that it has closed on the marketing distribution agreement with Seychelle Water Environmental, which is currently doing multi million dollars in sales per year after a strategic revamping of management and plans to roll out our water filtration bottle through a major box store in the United States to be announced. Our executed agreement includes but is not limited to the Caribbean, Central America, Europe, Africa as well as Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay and Brazil. Our subsidiary Electro Verde is also doing the necessary valuation and valuable consideration of the potential customers through its management in the Dominican Republic to achieve and execute these initiatives.  Aquarius Brands is now selling the Aquaboy Pro II in Walmart, Target, The Home Depot, Amazon, Super Green Stores, Unbelievable Sale and others. They are also on target to do more than a million dollars in sales this year. We are also in the process of selling our products in other countries through our Latin American Distribution sources.  Mark Goldberg, CEO of In Ovations Holdings, Inc. stated, „I am very pleased with the new direction of the company’s future. We are working tirelessly on bringing new and enhanced value to the company and our shareholders. We will have the breakdown of all of the numbers in our June financials.”  We will continue to update our shareholders as our business plans unfold. ABOUT AWS, a wholly owned subsidiary of Aquarius Brands™ a group of companies specializing in water generation, conservation and education for homes, businesses, hotels, restaurants, schools, utility companies and more. Aquarius Brands™ products include AWS AquaBoy® air to water generators™, Boomerang™ high-capacity compact bottling machines™, Retrax solar solutions™ and DroughtBuster™ water saving devices. In Ovations Holdings, Inc. through its subsidiary, Electro Verde Inc., entered into a marketing distribution agreement with Seychelle Water Environmental Technologies, Inc. which manufactures and supplies revolutionary water filtration systems featuring breakthrough technology, most notably, Ionic Adsorption Micro Filtration. Seychelle is a prominent company in the fast-growing water filtration industry, who markets a complete line of top-quality portable water filtration products and brands in North America and worldwide. The company is a minority owner of Atmospheric Water Solutions, (Aquarius Brands) a company involved in water purification. The Company is also engaged in identifying and engaging in other business opportunities for purposes of diversification and revenue generation. Safe Harbor Statement: Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release may contain certain statements that are not descriptions of historical information, but are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements refer to matters that involve risks and uncertainties. Such statements reflect management’s current views and are based on certain assumptions. Actual results could differ materially from the assumptions currently anticipated. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Arconic Inc (NYSE:ARNC) Investor Investigation over potential Wrongdoing Next PostNext LearnCore Receives Bronze Stevie® Award for Best Training Site in 2017 American Business Awards Search Recent Posts Acoustic Doppler Current Profilers (ADCP) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price North America Diamond-Like Carbon Coating Market Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2022 Genium Consolidated Feed (GCF) – Test Environment GCF TST3 Available North America Biodiesel Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2022 Australian Employers are Getting Better at Supporting Working Parents RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: In Ovations Holdings, Inc. May 02, 2017 11:09 ET In Ovations Holdings, Inc. Closes Multi Million Dollar Marketing Distribution Agreements with Seychelle Water Environmental Technologies and Aquarius Brands NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - May 2, 2017) -  In Ovations Holdings (OTC PINK: INOH) Closes on two Multi Million dollar marketing distribution agreements. In Ovations Holdings is happy to announce that it has closed on the marketing distribution agreement with Seychelle Water Environmental, which is currently doing multi million dollars in sales per year after a strategic revamping of management and plans to roll out our water filtration bottle through a major box store in the United States to be announced. Our executed agreement includes but is not limited to the Caribbean, Central America, Europe, Africa as well as Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay and Brazil. Our subsidiary Electro Verde is also doing the necessary valuation and valuable consideration of the potential customers through its management in the Dominican Republic to achieve and execute these initiatives. Aquarius Brands is now selling the Aquaboy Pro II in Walmart, Target, The Home Depot, Amazon, Super Green Stores, Unbelievable Sale and others. They are also on target to do more than a million dollars in sales this year. We are also in the process of selling our products in other countries through our Latin American Distribution sources. Mark Goldberg, CEO of In Ovations Holdings, Inc. stated, "I am very pleased with the new direction of the company's future. We are working tirelessly on bringing new and enhanced value to the company and our shareholders. We will have the breakdown of all of the numbers in our June financials." We will continue to update our shareholders as our business plans unfold. ABOUT AWS, a wholly owned subsidiary of Aquarius Brands™ a group of companies specializing in water generation, conservation and education for homes, businesses, hotels, restaurants, schools, utility companies and more. Aquarius Brands™ products include AWS AquaBoy® air to water generators™, Boomerang™ high-capacity compact bottling machines™, Retrax solar solutions™ and DroughtBuster™ water saving devices. In Ovations Holdings, Inc. through its subsidiary, Electro Verde Inc., entered into a marketing distribution agreement with Seychelle Water Environmental Technologies, Inc. which manufactures and supplies revolutionary water filtration systems featuring breakthrough technology, most notably, Ionic Adsorption Micro Filtration. Seychelle is a prominent company in the fast-growing water filtration industry, who markets a complete line of top-quality portable water filtration products and brands in North America and worldwide. The company is a minority owner of Atmospheric Water Solutions, (Aquarius Brands) a company involved in water purification. The Company is also engaged in identifying and engaging in other business opportunities for purposes of diversification and revenue generation. Safe Harbor Statement: Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release may contain certain statements that are not descriptions of historical information, but are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements refer to matters that involve risks and uncertainties. Such statements reflect management's current views and are based on certain assumptions. Actual results could differ materially from the assumptions currently anticipated. Contact Information In Ovations Holdings Public/Investor Relations: inovationsholdingsinc@gmail.com Company Email: inovationsholdingsinc@gmail.com Website: www.inovationsholdings.com Facebook: InOvationHoldings Aquarius Brands™ 12260 SW 53rd Street, Suite 603 Cooper City, Florida, 33330, USA www.AquariusBrands.org The Conservation Company™ Seychelle Water Filtrations Systems http://www.seychelle.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company In Ovations Holdings, Inc. From this industry Energy and Utilities Environment From this sub-industry Alternative Energy Clean Technology Coal Equipment Nuclear Oil and Gas Pipelines Utilities Natural Resource Management See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: In Ovations Holdings, Inc. May 02, 2017 11:09 ET In Ovations Holdings, Inc. Closes Multi Million Dollar Marketing Distribution Agreements with Seychelle Water Environmental Technologies and Aquarius Brands NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - May 2, 2017) -  In Ovations Holdings (OTC PINK: INOH) Closes on two Multi Million dollar marketing distribution agreements. In Ovations Holdings is happy to announce that it has closed on the marketing distribution agreement with Seychelle Water Environmental, which is currently doing multi million dollars in sales per year after a strategic revamping of management and plans to roll out our water filtration bottle through a major box store in the United States to be announced. Our executed agreement includes but is not limited to the Caribbean, Central America, Europe, Africa as well as Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay and Brazil. Our subsidiary Electro Verde is also doing the necessary valuation and valuable consideration of the potential customers through its management in the Dominican Republic to achieve and execute these initiatives. Aquarius Brands is now selling the Aquaboy Pro II in Walmart, Target, The Home Depot, Amazon, Super Green Stores, Unbelievable Sale and others. They are also on target to do more than a million dollars in sales this year. We are also in the process of selling our products in other countries through our Latin American Distribution sources. Mark Goldberg, CEO of In Ovations Holdings, Inc. stated, "I am very pleased with the new direction of the company's future. We are working tirelessly on bringing new and enhanced value to the company and our shareholders. We will have the breakdown of all of the numbers in our June financials." We will continue to update our shareholders as our business plans unfold. ABOUT AWS, a wholly owned subsidiary of Aquarius Brands™ a group of companies specializing in water generation, conservation and education for homes, businesses, hotels, restaurants, schools, utility companies and more. Aquarius Brands™ products include AWS AquaBoy® air to water generators™, Boomerang™ high-capacity compact bottling machines™, Retrax solar solutions™ and DroughtBuster™ water saving devices. In Ovations Holdings, Inc. through its subsidiary, Electro Verde Inc., entered into a marketing distribution agreement with Seychelle Water Environmental Technologies, Inc. which manufactures and supplies revolutionary water filtration systems featuring breakthrough technology, most notably, Ionic Adsorption Micro Filtration. Seychelle is a prominent company in the fast-growing water filtration industry, who markets a complete line of top-quality portable water filtration products and brands in North America and worldwide. The company is a minority owner of Atmospheric Water Solutions, (Aquarius Brands) a company involved in water purification. The Company is also engaged in identifying and engaging in other business opportunities for purposes of diversification and revenue generation. Safe Harbor Statement: Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release may contain certain statements that are not descriptions of historical information, but are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements refer to matters that involve risks and uncertainties. Such statements reflect management's current views and are based on certain assumptions. Actual results could differ materially from the assumptions currently anticipated. Contact Information In Ovations Holdings Public/Investor Relations: inovationsholdingsinc@gmail.com Company Email: inovationsholdingsinc@gmail.com Website: www.inovationsholdings.com Facebook: InOvationHoldings Aquarius Brands™ 12260 SW 53rd Street, Suite 603 Cooper City, Florida, 33330, USA www.AquariusBrands.org The Conservation Company™ Seychelle Water Filtrations Systems http://www.seychelle.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company In Ovations Holdings, Inc. From this industry Energy and Utilities Environment From this sub-industry Alternative Energy Clean Technology Coal Equipment Nuclear Oil and Gas Pipelines Utilities Natural Resource Management See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley with Keefe Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   The Real K&C - Freak shows, narratives & heavies 5-2-17 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria OMF - How will the Red Sox and fans respond to Adam Jones tonight? 5-2-17 Dale & Holley   Complete discussion about the Adam Jones incident and the state of racism in Boston Weekend Shows   Christian Arcand - The Celtics are now only 3 games away from the Eastern Conference Finals. 4-30-17 Enough About Me   Ep. 57: Garry W Tallent Founding Member of the E Street Band Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Featured Story A blueprint of how to handle playing baseball in Boston, courtesy Jon Lester by Rob Bradford Latest Blog Posts With Steven Wright’s knee in bad shape, Kyle Kendrick gets... Hanley Ramirez claims he can get even hotter than he is now Latest Columns Theo Epstein doesn't want to be president, so quit asking Bogaerts tells truth: 'What's been different? I mean, David... Final Bos 5 Bal 2 Latest Audio Mookie Betts Player Of The Game Interview 5-2-17 Red Sox President Sam Kennedy joins Joe Castiglione & Tim... Patriots Ryan Hannable It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets John Tomase Featured Story Who will be the Patriots’ Malcolm Butler of 2017? by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Tom Brady explains further why he didn’t make trip to... Patriots get WR Devin Street back after claiming him off... Latest Columns It’s abundantly clear the Patriots really, really like Jimmy Garoppolo Patriots will barely be thinking about 2017 season when drafting playe... Latest Audio MMQB's Peter King with Dale, Holley and Keefe MMQB's Peter King with Dale, Holley and Keefe Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets John Tomase Featured Story Playoffs proving that Gordon Hayward represents next big step for Celtics by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Isaiah Thomas (53 points) can’t be stopped, neither can... Could Isaiah Thomas and Celtics copy Steph Curry, Warriors... Latest Columns The Al Horford we got in Game 5 against Bulls? Worth every damn penny Celtics can still win series vs. Bulls, but only if they unclench and... Final OT Bos 129 Was 119 Latest Audio LaVar Ball with Dale, Holley and Keefe Kirk and Callahan- Will Isaiah Thomas win a title in Boston?... Bruins Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin John Tomase Featured Story Bruce Cassidy's success forced Bruins to make him full-time coach by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts Bruins prospect Anders Bjork will make NHL decision... Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs doesn’t see NHL changing their... Latest Columns Bruins overcame a lot, but not the loss of three key defensemen Sean bleepin' Kuraly was one hell of a hunch by Bruins coach Bruc... Final OT Bos 2 Ott 3 Latest Audio The 1972 Bruins The 1972 Bruins National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL NFL Draft MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Basketball MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB Manny Machado Blasts Red Sox After Chris Sale Throws Pitch... Cole Hamels Scratched from Rangers vs. Astros Start with... NFL Paul Perkins Named Giants Starting RB over Shane Vereen,... Joe Namath Says He Wants Christian Hackenberg to Win Jets... NBA Isaiah Thomas' 53 Points Power Celtics to 129-119 OT Win in... Charles Oakley Calls Situation with James Dolan, Knicks... NHL Rangers Knock off Senators 4-1 to Cut Ottawa's Series Lead... Sidney Crosby Diagnosed With Concussion, Out for Game 4 vs.... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Weekend Shows Enough About Me Podcast The Real K&C Podcast Ever-Green Podcast #DORK Podcast Bradfo Sho Two Outs Podcast Latest Audio  Complete discussion about the Adam Jones incident and the... Dale, Holley and Keefe's Final Drive 05-02-17 #DORK 12 Ever-Green with Holley and Keefe Ep 4 The Real K&C - Freak shows, narratives & heavies 5-2-17 Popular Audio  OMF - Angry Lou explodes after last nights pathetic Red Sox... K&C - Marty Walsh made a statement regarding Adam Jones and... Latest Podcast  #DORK 12: The King of Kong Ever-Green with Holley and Keefe Ep 4: Game 2 Warmup Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Mike Petraglia, Josue Pavon break down how the Celtics rescued Game 1 from Wizards Isaiah Thomas, Al Horford explain their big games in Game 1 win over Wizards » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Save 20% on $25 Shoney's eGift Card Station Events Todd McShay Post Draft Event Thu, 05/04/2017 6:30 PM Wediko Climb for Kids Sun, 05/07/2017 8:30 AM » More Events Contests Win Alvarez vs. Chavez Jr. Sports Bag Click here to enter to win a quality sports bag from HBO Boxing's Canelo Alvarez vs. Julio Cesar Chavez Jr.. Check out the fight on May... Flonase Sensimist Giveaway Click here to enter to win a trip for 4 to Hawaii or a backyard entertainment package from Flonase... » More Contests Fenway Park Baltimore Orioles Boston Red Sox New England Patrio.. NFL Draft NFL Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>K&C - Adam Jones heard racist slurs at Fenway Park last night after getting peanuts thrown at him; Should Marty Walsh make a statement about the Adam Jones claims? 5-2-17 Tweet Subscribe Download Share K&C - Adam Jones heard racist slurs at Fenway Park last night after getting peanuts thrown at him; Should Marty Walsh make a statement about the Adam Jones claims? 5-2-17 May 2, 2017| Hour 1. Reimer, Bradford and Mut are in for Kirk and Gerry this morning, and discuss the claims made by Adam Jones last night that he heard the N-word yelled at him at Fenway Park last night. Bradford wants Marty Walsh to address the people about this issue. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. Stern and Callahan when big thumbs thinking right now did you say Paraguay moves. This guy could very well be. His replacement I mean of course you should write paranoia mean without. Wars kid Eric Eric Eric remember when they you know what a pathetic Kansas City Brady was detached from the team could head of the headlines. Brady's great when everything's going wow what his positions threatening he feels it now paranoid if Al. Gerry Callahan brought back in here at some point it's also interesting in this is just possession. What was I wrong on the line at 4 o'clock. Bradford is ATP should not be in this one here we all of right here where. We're threatening now Bradford veterans like as you I don't look an easy good ones did. It's insulin and problems. Bob it dropped it's important is he's had occurred minutes are they're right they are we think there's any. We're trying to play baseball when. Feel like this ballpark out of a building Costello that'd come on mom apparently she's in Boston from defense is comments on the call. She's above that I did not want Sports Radio W. I'll sometimes things just worked out. We we knew would be baseball showed that we had our feeling in our. In our bones could be a big baseball show. He got Bradford here posted without curses while a few months we have the star of the without occurs podcast Alley Reamer here now holding the town now defunct an actor's pocket chassis supplier and night to you want some hot John Farrell takes at last count on my current podcast and students from my health podcast that he can fine. WET Al get around putting the two outs podcast on iTunes just got the memo from management. July of 2000 team on its line nineteen you have this there is a lot of weight behind that podcast police that it added Brad Vince is a national podcast it is it is national platform by Alex had to give up all his other five podcasted do congratulations thank you we welcome it's gaining a lot of steam it is it is and I don't know unit talked about three weeks from now but I'm sure we'll be we'll have interviews Brad it's going to be great oddly you know I think it's well. But look it appears just don't worry about it Brad well I don't worry about it all right great movie but I think what I think its commitment as a cold dive bars as tying mark where like you have to really tried to search it out and find it so I certainly want iTunes may be like us like an underground that what you're speaking is you password if I got to a certain and I've blitzing corner of the website to find out yeah outs with Bible. He's the most popular sports writer province now we. Yeah two week wait indeed the out that way which podcast was that on without much but I was on my house on two outs oh. Well I was congress but I want to talk never ever but battery Bill Simmons he did I'd now off bully me Dick bills have no idea that happen now not on the original. Bill Simmons AOL digital city you are definitely Iowa a couple years out too young and all of the all of this work has been expunged from the the interwebs from his digital seized from his did you see that just look at the FBI he wasn't a great writer I mean this is the thing. I you went through that thing. Because links you wouldn't know if you're out two years old and outraged at my I don't know what the Internet as mature Internet. You what you went through that for the links and he was ahead of the curb the legs. Congratulations Bill Simmons you knew how to link to stories. Then he got on non sports final Bobble bell it just took off from the page might Julian Wright against that sort of pretty their first remember reading Bill Simmons was impeached. That the Saudi Arabia I think similarly what did you before that in Boston there's also you. I don't remember did and that meant that ended. I use out of a job and unibody idiots he had good for him to take advantage of it went from there it's worked out for god round welcome tired of characters a huge success if you follow his Twitter account when he read tweets every story to really big deal that he'd steal yes you know but I I looked awesome and is like right now HBO's Payne a million to sit there you really though you it kind of feels like will Leach's life. Right well he makes I think peace is now Brad she's got the biggest job bigger waste of money in W I dot com history was what will leaking bench when he does bring him who would restarted. Autos and oh yeah it will lead woods right there were bill seventh 2008 I mean parallel right there right and started yet and if you wanna be you wanna be associated with us. If you're at the top so we got released the right forest. We paid him an unbelievable amount of money which numbers first one welcome. Welcome boss and I'm Willie Kolb is off what let's find that at that I'm like oh my goodness what what entity that will leads to right so it worked in that sense. He was the worst the worst he wrote every other week and you know what I did because and so stupid says it's not getting read to what should you do. And right every week well they don't double. Where that was your decision yes. Oh boy that's. Good business while sitting right here right now that he would bid against yourself negotiate seven make words you don't educates console they won't be easy arm slot of a pitcher before you condom. That's exactly unsure why that decision. I'm sure it totally distinct piece on Adam jones' comments on fans in Boston seems like the kind of kind of topic you'd right now days for sports on earth you know Hillary I had a total re none open a real thoughtful publication. Yes sports honour yes it's I don't have all gone home that you're more mlb.com is linked up with a mlb.com yeah yeah they bought it yet yes. Nor read. Sheer. I see them at some the other day light ivory tweets will leaks everywhere and was lives wasted their attic there on their back visit digest good for you. That that that writing thing pieces about the thing peace. Tell works now that's great if you don't approve what they like that you're not cost Al though is going to be so nauseating getting this thing pieces like you guys from one app it's it is going to be the topic across the country today if if Amani Toomer is talking about it with the and Schwartzman fool you know it's going to be I didn't realize how oh how awful the use and a great I hear he's in our mind now Monty I hear me I hear you guys talk about it when driving and I don't get a chance to drive in to Boston this time usually do just for fun. I now a well I like my fourth day after Christmas yeah. Hello after arriving back Curtis he's delivered across the off the July 4 show on how are the underdog I'm not I'm not I don't do demise those levels might minutes ago. Bite yak you're driving and now does this guy can't hold an argument a debate nothing and that he's after the break. We're going to be talking about the racism stuff at Fenway and you have to sit there you'd have to euros duplicate of unity. I guess that's the that that's the appeal alone right when you tease something stupid in your mind tumor you know our sportsmen. Doesn't help a money at some holes they think. Jobs being as co hosting that he's kind of humorless Amani that's really why you look great doesn't sell any jokes productivity and the investor over the world. Those it's been like it. Where he just think that predicted. Athletes who wore out and lasting this long I imagine seeing next in this hour after hour after hour. Mean Schwartzman tries disagree them once in but it really just goes away. I think it makes it look great theater in Florida make you get the future it's ideal America you don't want just not get him you gotta get it throughout T shirts. Right yeah a lot to get on. I'm getting may be rainbow colored and Abby woods well let's talk if the residents that are very. I you're just going all in on what already guessed that what the podcast is about based on the name. Probably be some of the other names that were or suggested. That that was my I don't believe me their wives other pitchers and catchers is going to be one Soledad hit out. Well you do yeah you do like that so there there there's a section of we can can get that podcast named right but the Celtics podcast is called evergreen. I think he's a great name and the green topics get a mutt in journalism you write something that's always taught enough in China allies and as I was just like to have a Little League so I totally responsible for the hyphen in the name. It needed to be hyphenated they they kept that neighbors that they've I don't know are we are you're charged other website up apparently slightly askew if you're paying company Oregon property that the podcast once sponsor an audit recycling company. Sure like if you're there you go green if you're part of that Saturday extravaganza now in the Boston Common where your fork climate justice. Ever ever angry right you what no more cal arts no more Kelberg you wanted to go begin your sponsoring that people are holding up signs and listening to that podcast he -- and parts well yeah. Jerky hand and a recurrence and so you're so excited he went through that rally did a good job so excited it was a blast a Sorgi darted through Robison all right components. We Jardine was there social Justice Department's decision here we are we fighting you fighting to push against the doorknob like currency and on Sunday morning. Felt that that was our query is that still an issue off the awkward. That was all I was the bigger man walked him as a good morning mark wiley. Bigger and he was sitting here getting ready for show what do you figured it was he spoke to broaden find you somewhere Solomon to protest. He walked the dog or like doing editing whenever. You kidding me like you're the braves' big guy you coming in right. I would like. Chris pleased that he and policy of autos and I just I want Alex heard since the idea Imus now snags. They should talk about armor supplied that's wanna watch it you lost I wanna challenge people who wanna challenge anyone at the station to oppose a contest missing at a couple weeks ago a reunion when you buddy thank kicked the timing day we will. Why do. Every guy. Pushed up contact everyone I dispose of Dustin Pedroia to push up contests and Brad for is that'll dispose of Alfred who lost the ball yet is get a much as jet way eight pounds nine highs. I get audio tools to him I'm shocked I felt like fire unit that it was pathetic it was the low point in my life. So bad glamour muscles right here and look better outlook is stronger than 104 christianity tethering now in Burma glamour muscles like they look better then I. Are you the beat Nadia your great guy area I know you're young and in Chez thanks when everything. But grammar where glamour muscles what he taught us don't you during a break don't go look at that point odd ball flies a do over under on when you consider that to me now UT's. You reference think pieces. They're gonna be all day today you gonna turn on your route equal Billick turn on your poster as my friend John Dennis today. Without seeing this story it'll be the national story today is my guess I know ESPN. Will be all in on this because they've been all this before and as Adam Jones poster stated story thank you Dino does not. I hit by pitch last night by Dylan Bundy it is not the Red Sox terrible defense base running in the eight inning. It is the headline in USA today 11:28 eastern time last night Adam Jones be rated by racist taunts at Fenway Park. Odyssey is it Bob nightingale who is history and Adam Jones and talking about the things of race. I Red Sox lose last night out of this will be the story quote from Jones after the game. A disrespectful fanned three bag of peanuts at me Jones said I was called the N word a handful of times tonight thanks pretty awesome. Nightingale mentions Ben Jones one of only 62 African Americans on opening day rosters this year. Said he's been subjected to racist heck ones in the past at Fenway Park. But said this is the worst experience of his twelve year career quote again from Jones it's different. Very unfortunate. I heard there were 59 or sixty injections tonight in the ballpark. It is what it is right I just lob play baseball it's unfortunate that people need to resort to those type of epithets to do degrade it. Another human being. I'm trying to make a living for myself and my family continued it's unfortunate the best thing about myself as I continue to move on and still play the game hard. Let people be who they are let them show their true colors that Jones to Bob nightingale. After the game last night. The Red Sox are recorded that far as an erection thirty people objective from the game. They said there was a fan rejected for throwing a bag of peanuts peanut throw our at Adam Jones I have not seen yet we have we reached out the Red Sox reaching up and today was a fan rejected for. On the racist comments Adam jones' claim. He heard last night. And because of a lot of reasons including ESP and pushing this agenda Boston being racist. This will be the story for the next what eight hours across. I thought nothing new ESPN portion yes it does actually getting after the fact that a player said he was taunted with with racism. That one U store it used to be and didn't say anything it would be a let it would DA wants to be an incident happened. The ball park. All the money Jones Angel Gutierrez and at no less on it well though. Get a son Allen Jamal bill tomorrow hill has already done right and Janelle hill is all right at the frontal I am I'll call that a bid. At the boss and being erased any event you'll take advantage of this after we did but if you are talking about this being a story much. It would be a story no matter if it's been done doesn't exist at all it doesn't matter. It does not matter this if this happens does not happen a player does not meet. He's claimed every single day right. Right no it it at that doesn't happen all the time and Adam Jones a couple years ago at Fenway said that they were taunting his mother which is obviously. I'd different than nests out this is what to Mel hope tweeted last night speaking I card tomorrow. I'm keeping my policies as its ML drops on androgynous she's a woman as a crowd yeah ot keep in mind this was someone who just represented the US in the WBZ. And now has peanuts in racial slurs or not him in his own country to Mel held at grace it not only are Red Sox fans racist guys that they are anti. Americans see that and by a U heck you did that is powerful ESPN has projected ride how many months truck people. Got on us for yelling over and over again about ESPN with no claim what's Webber no back up. Clinton in the city of Austin yeah prices vacuums are melted at liberty in the freedom now. To feel like you can say whatever she wants about what we think it may be one thing and they got out of the game for throwing peanuts and allegedly and said the N word at Fenway Park. Two Adam Jones over there and a guy who has a history with fans like I heard her talk with two different things you're talking about what's gonna happen now and ESPN and and hill and all these people. Are gonna take advantage of this two of the fourth along their narrative that's one thing though but say it. No but in terms of this being his story if ESPN did not exist if none of this was said before this would still be a story much. Eight baseball player in Major League Baseball player saying that he would had racism thrown at him. In the outfield when he was playing in Major League Baseball team that's what you story it would be the difference it would it but it is a bigger store because of the way. ESPN's projected bloated and less. 345 months while it just speeds after the narrative that they like to place yes on Johnston Mel hell you know which is which is fine I mean that it's now I have an in this you know what this is an awful look for Boston it is meant as rob said and you're the player. Doesn't happen all the time players say they were you know taunted with racial epithets Adam Jones and it happened last night we know Boston has a history we know people like to bring it up so upbeat into their now anti pirate them. How would use it to you know opera all my narrative to. Right right exactly I mean it is what we do. If we have any ammunition to help argument than we used it and that's exactly what ESPN all these people are talking about. Will do and by the way embarrassing night across the board up across the board and I absolutely believe this happened. I don't you doesn't. Of course I have ire I am skeptical I admit pocket I don't look and say is why I LB Scott I don't line. Why do you figure in 2017. I am shocked when something of this magnitude and this is a very strong claim that he was the N word was used at Fenway Park yeah. Not that it was not caught on some sort of social media or some sort of video or there wasn't some sort of story about it before. Jones said it was an empty ballpark last night there where is you were the were there for. Part of it last night rob I wasn't I talked of got someone who's there and he claimed there was Taylor editors necklace that of their ego one of the worst attending games he can remember in the muck let's may first but in the early part of the season and long long time so it was a quiet all like let's follow their last night whether it's like shocked Al game so there were a lot of people around because I hear everything what you been the ballpark when there's nobody. You can you are buddies saying. I'm surprised. That there is no social media claim we don't know what is happening late yeah films they like social media ought to get my camera ready chief of the app ever does console undeniably good. I think not every. Yeah so happens that is caught unsafe lonely anymore. There are friendly park yelling stop all the product and you are doing stupid thing rob are not big don't go viral you're there all the time you heard the N word and not. McCoy a sign that it has lots you're not gradient on the map where he said I don't let you sit in the bleachers a lot OK when I go to games occasionally yeah regularly and Red Sox we've Johnson and Carolina are racial epic that's that that's usage. See you are discounting a read more on guard units on the there in the first on this and let's bring out after the second rusty not totally. We think it's possible growing up around you heard racial weapon that's all the time high school and college it does this and you know what I'll even say. It's up some idiot is yelling the N word Adam Jones. It doesn't even necessarily mean that that person is racist it means that they're strong they're edited yet yes whatever. But I mean people aren't get drunk it sporting events they yell stupid stuff it happens year it happens also. A guy thing about the context of this this with. You heard the boos from anemic job every time he stepped up this what you can say the word nobody in the stands but there wasn't well hold on a second so but this team was in the prosecutors of the fans there with a narrative there was a theme to this game it was really hate your real we hate these guys. And then by the way he gets you can be and it becomes a complete disaster. Everything which I don't know all run pets getting your I hit by a pitch you have this the Red Sox holy party inside out. All of that and you guys know what happens with bands at Fenway Park when things go release as a candidate for all the and were Al Red Sox are playing well late because it becomes more stupid fans that's what app. Happens if you ever mingled with the common folk much you would know that that thing up there and pres Barkley and just having Doug lane sharper about you about technology. Obama so when they're not playing well there are more stupid thing you know yes and who who was still hanging around 1030 last night. Freezing weather games out of hand death drunk idiot ads with kids who won the one team is a year who who are still sticking around is the only day of school on an XYY two. School like this school it's what do hockey fans I'm throwing stuff on the ice when they are you lose in the playoff because they're idiots right exactly. Because it is a moment where they are the most frustrated about because they get all cramped up on this one game and that it goes the other way in LA I paid this ticket I have the right to be that. And that's where in the if you come out so that's exactly what I think happened last but it reading. Adam Jones to appease calling it the worst thing he's ever seen in twelve years you're telling me in a in a close game early rob that these crazy idiot and you're talking about this out of one fan or not we have wing talk we brag and we we don't know of any that was rejected last night when Adam jones' claim we know. He's objective throwing peanuts at them by the way but you're paying someone for life I know what we will get to the the beginning of life and 30000 dollar fines are fans I promise coming up. But the the idea if it was the worst he's ever seen rob OK that's his claim after the game got. That it's the worst he's ever seen that doesn't sound like he at the end of the game a couple of rowdy people afterwards on the he would he would tell you it was all game Wal-Mart. That is Soria made public when he makes that final catcher forget. But the final catch but he having kept diving grab yet and he you can see when I saw that and he did a quick turn of the fans raises glove up on that something happened. He re use reacting to the fans otherwise he just runs it. So something happened the leading up to that that very subtle moment. But this does not surprise me at all I think but you are overly discounting what the reality of the fans are in the situation. Particularly in the game like this where they don't like it has no errors on radio. People there that's what you think in state because they are list. They are picked up all the game was still it was a two or three run game late that's what he's stating the right side and come back all India with I guess I ought to operate a plug of all the angry fans yes all I ask you don't want be a lot of people didn't care about the Chicago game because they had their sights set on this game. That. Yet they were so locked into that game last night the ballpark with empty rob caught on how does he do it how many people don't talk about the people who were there an out. Also tell you that the Red Sox cubs games are actually good over the weekend they were marquee games adding that those other mineral cubs fans to watch all comes as they were expensive ticket I think a lot of people with families went to 4 o'clock game on Saturday for example. I think the crowd for a crappy Monday night game that's at the end of the game gets out of hand as they waited Mary's it's ranting. And there is necklace night on all of that got the people out. Hi Carol response drunk people are gonna be there and they're gonna yell stupid stuff here everywhere you know I. I don't think this is necessarily a larger comment on Boston I mean you're seeing natter on Twitter as a chat and last night like. It's a real shame the work that paid to an Ortiz and now. We have this I mean it's not a great comic book this is that on Red Sox fan as I mean it's just a couple of drunk idiots I don't doubt it happens but. I don't worry begins and ends there. I I had. I'm skeptical in this day and age you guys I think are being nave to think that not everything that eight we see out there even at the reds it was two nights ago rob is Sunday night. Where there was a botched we see this every night at Fenway. With someone from a Budweiser sign Alex. Asked another person a married and right pulls every note you know we moral meant sarcastically yeah I'll say no say no every snap time. And someone said now and that was caught on social media to sever my later in the video the scoreboard. But every. On the scoreboard you see you guys are not surprised at all well after the claim of the men. Ordeal I know there are no report outlook anywhere Alex I don't Adam Jones absolutely right if that that was not on the scoreboard we would never know nobody would ever know about that happening. Yeah maybe someone accidentally catches. Some think the fact that you Chris Sale a pitcher that the pitcher that the between you doubt about him teach the kid how to throw a slider someone caught that would we know about it is everybody ready. I gonna have my camera ready case Chris Hill comes out in October and someone lets on. Should play outside but there's but does that really does all of a million other things in the stands if you've ever sentenced and you know this. That art pot you don't have your phone ready for moments like that all the. Right sort of way out is only your second moment if I have read the Adam Jones up again here he's saying moments this happened consistently over the course of the deal or no one around looking played out I'm sitting on the duty he shot in the angry towards Adam Jones I'm not expecting him to shot and keeping some shots that might on that out then after that. Am I gonna take my phone not just be readying Casey says another race hustler. Runs yet if you don't know I think is yes you don't know what's coming how you're going to film. DT anybody got. I've got all the little. Why don't you innings like it was a one time thing already the regatta Jones he got he heard he claims he heard the N word of an appeal was multiple titles and I think about the game I just you have to be really quick with your video phone I begin video camera on your phone if you give it to somebody take. Screaming erasing back whether it's caught or not. It comes back to woody fan do this at Fenway Park and I say they would have because there are idiots and I'll come back to that team. You can say what you want about no fans being there but this game would have more emotion but they're fail there or not at more emotion because everything that led into it and it was a complete lap down for these people and when you're. Let down sometimes that brings up the worsened morons. I believe there are morons and if you threw a bag of peanuts you should be gone. I think Adam Jones exaggerated the number of people that were rejected in this game shorter guys are seeded where where they proved that again we're reaching out the Red Sox for further comment about the as and I think that Adam Jones. In the past that problems at Fenway fans there's no doubt gonna hear a sound coming out of him with Fenway fans last year talking about the fans here. Awesome he has a history and I have no doubt he was harassed last night. I'm skeptical that Fenway Park the end where restore morale last night thrown around any player consistently over the course of I don't know how many hours to gain took forever so why are these you know why would you lie about being polity and Wear it like what does Adam Jones have to gain from. Adam Jones gets the watch a sympathy another origin Mel hills sympathy unless Jerry jones' I don't think he's looking for sympathy but I think he's had it in the last couple times has been in Boston he has brought up race for Verizon and I'm not sure it's because he knows this is an area where he brings it up. We are sensitive to it based on the ESPN. Reaction last couple months worth the city out of this. Thank you Michael. He he has and that's the prod you combat the champion ESPN this is the story no matter if you spin exists or not but the problem is as you said. This forces along the merit that is Boston is not be racist city I will still say that. But there are morons like I believe there were at Fenway Park last night. That's the problem and if the Red Sox were Smart they would get out ahead of this even the mayor they were get out ahead of this they would say something they were. This is what's going out that the mayor what's the might Bachmann and so that's an I want parties at those and I don't commodities and skirts not yes and a front and I talked to him about his experience what he's experienced in Boston than others that might happen every it'll be Michael. All say it I mean so we had Torii Hunter a couple years ago also say he's heard racial taunts at Fenway Park we had that incidents in the minors right Carl Crawford in Pawtucket. Saying geared race race OK Jackie Bradley and have accumulated a pitcher that he might happen puck really well say Chester Manchester is my question and so we also and I say it T like OK so. It may have happened at Fenway Park but it happens everywhere but again I think wait a minute. How many stories have there been over the last few years about racial taunts being yelled and other ball parks. We have a couple of Fenway and you recall other stadiums. I'm on the top I had no I'm sure we'd if we dug we've by may be enough to Tom Adams saying. Also more prevalent here all right so we're also in I. LT sensible board tuned into the claims slot corner local. Of course I'm just saying I mean so we have Torii Hunter Adam Jones Jackie drought which he said Carl Crawford a Manchester a couple of years ago. Ot the Tom and I can't think of one other incident in another ballpark in that times. Now all of them have wrestled. Taxes when these players coming your news senses are heightened I think to a certain degree. And if there's anything at all they're gonna they gonna surfaces because once again there is a narrative here. And that narrative did nothing to be dispelled last night it in Anaheim if someone yells and in time that you know are they gonna run to the the press that this happened probably not as much as they would Boston. But the fact of the matter that it I think it did happen because there are morons everywhere right. And I Campbell in because mutt doesn't have a camera phone now he thinks it doesn't happen to death and I'm not save it back to much easy you just you take his word and you you Adam Jones Busch who will mention race or mentioned and that this race related things the last couple guys have been through Boston. Just take its board and say yes it definitely oh by the way in listen I don't know Adam Jones as well they know a lot of people but in terms of visiting players I've dealt with that don't you tell me fell off a lot of band just sit there and multiple times call Adam Jones the import and knock them out at an average couple Adam Jones I don't -- out of Jones of the guy who this offseason ripped his manager right either Gavin Jones is. And our audience to a ball a lot so when Adam Joseph says that I don't think that this is the guy who knew watching the situation and and tried to make something up. I think he's an honest guy for the most part he said what's on his mind and it pisses people off and sometimes he's wrong about it but in this case I don't I don't. Think it's Auburn all like I said adding if someone said that any fan that talked to any security person that can't be kicked out of it won't wait married thirty seconds well maybe people who were at the game last night they can favorites but he did like eight people they're not gonna call in today. You saw the crises he got there at the beginning that it demographic with all those people listened to show you note those they are I height and diehards not the drawing. Races diehards those are our pirates got a. I yeah. So let's not let's let's we will start to irrigate your odd calls this'll BA a big topic throughout the day 617779. 7937. Is the phone number Adam Jones and mentioned. A last night his claim is that he heard a racist thoughts at Fenway Park disrespect of fanned through peanuts I was called the N word. A handful of times tonight. Like to believe that the hit he was called the N word. People around this guy is spanned this girl whoever heard five it's a sample that's more than that's more than once or twice it's okay five. And no once and security this guy was like to stay in the game. I thought now hard to believe I was taken now that I'm sorry but how opting to people not really report others to security it also they meet for example I was sitting in the bleachers. I heard an eighty young and word and Adam Jones. I don't think security and to excuse me can you remove some think many people did. And I don't think what he says he doesn't mean I we already know he's at like sixty people keep that we found out there like thirty look at doubt are right if you sit him for policy to. If it happened two times in he heard it it's still gonna he's still gonna bring it up. We'll get your thoughts and the last time Adam Jones was in town he brought up race in fact he'd brought up on the broadcast for the Orioles are not getting harassed by Fenway fans of fact more. I actually you'll hear from Adam Jones we'll talk to you and for Kirk and Gerri it's much Roemer in Bradford Sports Radio WE yeah. The winds mostly listen to morning show. Fox Sports Radio WEEI. He's receiving corps is very different Julio and Mohamed for his Danny Chris and adult men in a void that you go in. And build it Buffett Gordon Hayward looks more like Larry Bird and other pleasantly I really could never play in Boston let's do they hate. Right the gold standard operation if that's happened before reeling Boston. Late we can't. It's got the most racist city have a business. On that will be the story today the racism in Boston after Iraq Adam Jones last night telling Bob Knight guild USA today who's got a little history with. Ideally the race issues that he heard the N word a handful of times. I Fenway last night and a bag of peanuts at thrown at him the Red Sox confirm that there was a person injected four. The only peanuts at Adam Jones no confirmation of any racial slurs. Under his way the handful of times that he claims I do think I was I'm skeptical audience tired of them homers and it Simpson's hand more than anything right. Zeller was well how many fingers at home. And I'll write you write for Irene no idea I don't know I don't not a hurdle you I don't really yeah now blooming. A deal in reality on my priorities highbrow for the since it except South Park. Is a story. He does not have five figures so I do not think this happened five times to what's that I do not think at. Amusing he's averaged five to argue that might mean it's the camera phone he said a handful of times as what he said. All hyperbole yeah I it I I no doubt I'm sure he thinks he heard something I and I admit I'm skeptical this morning many people aren't. On this is latins last time was last time they are in town last September. It was on the massive broadcast. After the game Orioles beat the Red Sox and Jones made reference to the fans on here Fenway Park. Do like this ballpark out of offensively defense to play and. I don't mind as part of all our bills didn't coast down on that he's become a mom apparently she's in Boston from defense is if comments on the call. She's above that I didn't know I would love to have dinner rather good. I do enjoy playing him that it it's a great atmosphere of baseball and and the fans are into the game so you can't do anything but a love playing. Lie in the good life could have caused moms but that's how he was not it would it was not racist or offensive aged and after him and he sort of laughed it off ya. I'm you also talked to Bob nightingale back in September of last year. When it came to Colin cap verdict Alex's guy my man your Ifill jobless spotlight on tap into its amazing that skew find work around right now droplets they have not turned to Kaplan is such a good year last year he dead. QB rating in the final month but you forget it. Ninety. I DCB rating fourteen touchdowns and what four picks who is best receiver Jeremy parallel here every god activists. Cut so that cap critic and the his protest came out. And it was asked today Adam Jones talked to Bob Knight given Bob nightingale asked Adam Jones. About why there wasn't more of this in baseball. Quote we already had two strikes against us said Jones so you might as well not kick yourself out of the game. In football you can't kick them out you need those players in baseball they don't need us. Baseball is a white man's sport. So he's been a he's been very open that they're these deals are our race issues in the sport we going as far as calling it he robberies Wendell white man's sport that in Evian. You know. Basketball for Plosser and their culture especially to kind of depresses flamboyant seemed right indeed bright light that they don't want you to admire home runs they don't want you to tie to Wear cleats you want to act like you've been there before. So I get those comments from mine and I am Jason sic the African Americans come as 60% football 74% the NBA 8% in based on territories right but I and what's it. I not the numbers robbed and may be as me if I fan's standpoint it is he's calling any white man's sport but there. There are plenty of people that are not why and it's of it's very. Yes they're right yes there are African American and Dominican people and Japanese people and other people other than Caucasian to play baseball you are correct. By in terms of your comparing to basketball and football it is it white man's sport. It live in a problem it is fair to the it is a problem in baseball we all notice we all what do you say 8% yet 8% Visio. And Nick Price the culture is very stade two it's a very light it's an varies stayed culture again on a lot of flamboyant C charisma is even. Not encouraged in some of these locker rooms units that at all culture of the game to not the demographic outs pitcher bought 6177797937. The phone number we are the message into the Red Sox we'll see if they have any sort of statement here this morning. I don't rob mentioned the TV stations out there are so I expect this to be and I sort got to stay on at some point we'll talk to them honest start in the next couple of hours Joe's and a car Joey Iran not perky Callahan would Mark Bradford and Reamer. What your response in this alleged incident is absolutely pathetic we need your. Your first response or sort of gravity and even taking into consideration whether it was true. What sort of sources close was all well you know yes yen heal their liberal agenda of global luck. You know your trust is sort should have been if this is true that actually discussed. Thought about whether getting. Took a jump jump used do you think that anyone would have hear that story and if it were true not they were disgusting. Water is wet and that's discuss that and just say it out a lot on the hook he's huge premium rate. Parker ought to work all year of course liberal agenda. My first response that ESPN is going to this is gonna be at all they story instead of east are stored because ESP as a pushing this agenda that Boston is racist now. Four months show with. Very little back up reclaim and it hurt situations like this for Adam Jones where this might have happened. And I immediately go. Eight hours antennas up because he sees all this about all this gives them and she's an outline of automobiles that use that correct me from Rancho. Old once I just there. Correct me from Ron you said this was the story a story because of what yes the end it is a bigger stories that because I four I and if you want me to and and and that will be a bigger story today you'll think that we would be at talking about there the merit will be in more more so that Boston as a whole is out mentioned on Twitter last that was already starting. Boston being racist and shame on Boston fans when it could be just one random guy we don't well. It'll be more a story that way because BA why not say that again I mean this is there any times in the past at Fenway engines even insult the cities are racist times in the past it found itself. It will be more a story is no doubt about that because it's gonna feed the merit of the people but when you come out and say. This is a bigger story because of the ESPN it is it well would we be talking about when we have a zillion phone lines lined up right now if you if we tendency word about this before he yes yes we want to thank you bet it would definitely think it via the show. I'm still saying that it's going to be a national story and it because ESP had guys liquid zero client and back up. All Boston New England racist uppity people dot org all doctors there's not zero backup them in there is a history here okay beer poured out. That we in the case of money Joseph all of second jail in the case of the guys that we talked about over and over again. We Jones with Michael Shea win on ESPN with Israel Gutierrez when they're asked to say what was the racist moment you've had in Boston. Thirds federal claim there Adam Jones Mandy claim. But it's eighties 88 is shrouded in two guys who just throw out there and just so well Austin's racist right. Right now why add to get I don't Joseph guard. All. Like to. Sit back yet that they are using Adam Jones talking about recently passed city. Boston which Oprah didn't. But. Oh well you talk about support tried peaches credibility like like that's gonna make him. Less credible in this situation typically talk recent past my rejected. Doesn't make it Joseph doesn't make it thank you for the call doesn't make him less credible that the credibility of this for me is in 2017. That you would hear the and boarding a handful of times at a ballpark. And security would not kick are trying to tell guys aren't able got to feel like my that you're using what Adam Jones said before. Disorder prop up the narrative that may be using telling the truth here. I I started by saying in 2017. To not see it on social media and all I know so you I don't know whether you brought up other incidents with Adam Jones he's been very outspoken about a lot of other things including race. And Joseph exactly right just because you said it's in the past. Doesn't discredit him at all in this case you shouldn't write any galactic is antennas have been up in Boston you look at his track in Boston especially when you article where he said he liked the fancy but they were yelling yelled that morning while his mother. But I still liked playing here is so totally hated on our last time event heads up does that mean that he heard he said he heard this word when it was another word. It's eight and it's up to you hear the word you'd know that a lot that's what I'm saying you back again maybe he heard he says he heard the warning him four times. You guys believe that a fan could say and a handful of times at Fenway Park cannot be jacked right. There and would not have any autos are up to be heard would have to beat. Hold about these racial time and I think they would in this day and I don't. How many people though it take it upon themselves and removed they get out of their seat block behind a security guard flagged at security guard point dot and it's a lot to do. Yeah I know people are lazy but it bobs and Walt and they are lazy Bob what's going on that. Guys Stewart about you know that this is. Whether you know I don't think Boston is any more operations significantly so this is disgusting and I do that a jolt of one point I don't know what the exact interest really come down on people what they do this stuff. You know I hope it's a fine I thought of at all technique that they used back and called little place called docks and I guess you probably couldn't do that but. I. Well I understood the people called Boston a racist city yeah it's lights and he can get out and it's appropriate to be yes yes and Turkey. Who have not had racial where it is what they get a what you guys that that you really didn't have that should be getting all of the stuff if I'm bound football weather right now I want right now. I've mayor could happen now please please please don't you don't enunciated as well as an idea that you thank you very much off it I'll be analyzed. What so there's go to the zone a smile if Mike Napoli sport and you mute feature in your my guy. The mayors get involved in this don't think you should come out and say something I think I think the mayor sit well. It's doing to sit down conversation with Michael Chaney isn't letting him off and he wants to actually ethics racism blossoming go to matter paying go to rocks yeah that's our neighborhood arms market of low. This what happened last night. What what what what would you suggest Marty while I don't know. They are that you you did you want to marry get involved won't you you think about that will come back I'm gonna hear replied as Marty large eyed boy what do you like about it errors yet it has fired up. Is it in the passes idea at the time to sit down and figure the I said some races say their growth talk to him about his thing it's what he's experienced some Boston. I'll Mott Bradford Roemer and you hear a WEEI. Kirk and Callahan. Oh I don't Sports Radio WEEI. You hear things across the line in Finland. It could be a tough place to play I mean I've experienced on the other side listed in the third base yeah. They they love this team. Like that I really do like that. People can have will be too much fun some whether it's. It's what's objector or whatever it is whatever the cases. I was a David Price at foxwoods back in January with try need to mossy always good stuff that I would he also said in the a question came from the the PC to a beauty you're racist things in Boston at target going and adding that there was no real final there right now need a second thing we stand gross fell. Don't think there was any Ollie and now automatic sneakers after that it was sneakers issue size out walking my share what you guys are you guys you're not just off course Saudi a prominent Red Sox player I've heard racist times. What's I sure you right there he got. The but it went from the Peter Abraham story in and the winner weekend which. Freddie to mafia asked about that sound you heard. But this growth feels Torre wasn't so I think that was the spring training training at Kmart I was the model you did last enterprise stock. Yes. Yes not seen you want the mayor to get involved I'd wanna give you some blind item in a U Wal-Mart five point I don't actually what what what is the mayor would you like him to do you want I want him a summit mountain hood of the other because there's now without that John is well the mayor David Price slightly -- I want to wake up this morning I want and to call a Town Car. They have first order of business come over the Kirk account and so. I want to address the people because this is the highest rated show you the biggest audience you reached the city usually. It right if you have something to say if you wanna do when I'm here it already is on when I'm here ladies and not as good to have enough guys on us now the word so I'm your number two ever now we are. We didn't updated casting couch rankings acting that's always on the way eligible yes three guys that by vaulted to the top spot you're unpalatable. Some. But if like Christmas show right. And think a lot arrogant and number one ranking every when we did the right here as an upgrade their live. They keep that the guy who want to make good on the website impress me now I have nothing to do with the being number one. I would say that's Marty Walsh. You know I'm speaking to you Marty come here get your car come here come to the show to reach the people. Everybody wants to hear from you today it is the city it is a big thing. Yeah reporters outside Fenway Park you probably have reporters outside Marty Walsh's house right right now. I don't know what you have report I don't know why I read that put the team reports anywhere but they're all over. The players Red Sox closer and I live shots live shots are gonna have a little things that NASA and immediately and white backdrop. A lot but why. Why Microsoft should do in front of Hitler dumpsters I am dubious that it still is that it's not. All you want the American on addressed the all I want out without no I wanna shore into your for the Red Sox have a plan that was ejected for using the N word a handful of times scored Adam Jones huge c'mon. Addressed it today yes and I don't want to Colin and I wanted to drive year I want him to mobile Letterman will prop the door open like we do for. Which Stearns and all these other people right. So what will wolf prop the door open. And he he'd come on in and talked to the people if it ever brought in my rock everybody I mean this is where you wanna address on people and this is the place right I don't. I don't care it is like when you're out idea for Marty always thought Alex ID field Java. Marty the mayor and why not. Kirk's not here should be comfortable coming in to tell you won't be you know verbally very I like Mike Napoli when you're Mike Napoli in your side wearing your T shirt right before the election. You know you have the right causes you have the right supported that who that is this teacher is not we went references are and why she was well you don't notice now my Mike Napoli got Marty Walsh the month. Mike Napoli got Marty Walsh election. Thorough and he's walking now Boyle through without a shirt I did yeah he first heard he puts on is the votes. But be quiet is a vote loss bull wall of adding that right in the heart you kitty it was a real squeaker that always. Don't pick up please don't always goes down at great story push the democratic candidate over I'm not there yet there ego. And Mike Napoli Napoli doesn't strike me as a real political supply. Now gonna hear hear news people if if the mayor people I believe the mayors on the banned list right now we've Kirk the host of the show. Has banned the mayor from the show until further notice I believe guys like Evan drought in reality yesterday were figure out its missions covenant and Alex and I drove the mayor is on next Wednesday it's a week from Wednesday. Next my next Wednesday I would like it if it was right now I would prefer it be tomorrow good. But week from Wednesday that's so he's not on the drill analyst at snuck it. There think about ability few people before we got security analyst rob was you know is that these guys suggested relic first remembered these bands we got it down the list of Leo right now I know you do and no worse DJ is in Indiana. Listening today DJ erupt with will mock working gallon and Roemer Bradford in ma what's going on. What does that open a dude you are just. I would I would. Do anything to have Curtis and can take over for the other two car. Certain. OC is a lot off a much good its. First law. Mark your number one public option though thank you very much DJ number three though the greens are riddled immediately or put it there and Bradford. He just back to work or cues just. But it but it is off from the kids. So we should send things got a rating on down and I actually writes yes Jack the Iowa you are right about a lot of things artists. In March along well let me check luggage arriving today and get that results number 24 you write a lot about a lot of things. Include a jury you're right pulled all things the right right you're right again but I just checked the ratings of the highest they've been in weeks. Which is no doubt in my eyes Jack and if I just Jack usually most of Adam jones'. No I just tonight and I don't disagree I think I would Alex would you do that we I would be happy to switch places with. Person can't right now. I can work the spartans or the sound I had no idea how to Wear the board I don't wanna Wear 2.0 dollars. Which one proud for incentive you'd left commuted to Chicago. That's there so there didn't add it. Who called you up for not known on board who was it that coach Jack the mud is one who instigated. The jet remarry fear that's why did I never had to do it now you have got to run the board month. Actually thought I was like I mean I want guys like Ken Smart guys who were eating I held dual back there. I am not a lot of people like you do that. I could occur if I could do your job right correct. I could do your job anybody to DiMaggio a thing but the verbal abuse that occurred just takes on a daily basis is and paralyzed FT thick enough skin to rob I do you what I do have thick enough skin but I just wouldn't take. I would block island go write a book Utley. We are we are out to the Red Sox record levels wanna be on record with this we are out to the Red Sox is it economic statement this morning about the Adam Jones we are hopeful they have a member of the Red Sox front office on between now and Tammy okay that is the we heard from them. I've reached on an Albert. If that's hopeful Adam Jones last night claimed he heard a handful at times the N word at Fenway Park says the worst it's ever been and it's unfortunate. 59 or sixty injections tonight the ball park found out there about thirty which I wanna find out who the Red Sox. So thirty Jackson's last night according to a Red Sox official. Is that a normal like you hear that number ego people thirty Jackson's. Is that normal Arnold it's normal and it's to. According either only 25 people that's been robbed at according to my eyesight if you were watching that game last night you were there for a little bit there was nobody at that ballpark. Very nobody get off all of us want to create any event came in Amir's neck this night because you know your gonna get a lot of people there but it doesn't matter if there's a lot of people that that makes it even worse the people there are probably to rake in their face off and obnoxious. If they're not paid attention of the game is particularly after the Red Sox are imploding that was really close game late though. Right not to create an eight inning it was an odd all those terrible everything was going bad. Was not a good night that's the other did it's awful awful life for the Red Sox act Colin I'll Pedroia we'll get the that's on at some point as well TJ and frankly I TJ. Failed don't mock up it. And then I got their group the last color you are the bat on the ethnic. Boy the accolades come out and how memorial about the almost street yesterday's how about that now is Alex would should let their ratings stick speak for themselves outside. What I want that. I had eaten that. And now you know. I have heard them borderline comment at Fenway. The people made the comments. Were content that had the student ignoring. And they are from it like that went into our dirt and even broke off her back which you. Odds at TJ you're at the game last night and you heard these comments in the bleachers. I don't know now I would not a game last night like I'd been at war were I have heard borderline vomit. My point was. They were forced to sit behind me and three of them were from New York in an article was from walked in there weren't even from law. I'm sure that ties into that when the Bruins. Had the claim through a generation three GAB he said borderline have you heard the and word is he seeing ticket holder Fenway Park ever. No I haven't I mean like one or lie and I mean I mean that link to the point where you go bears. So great there but not clearly. I heckled the hell out of mobile allows cute I can say that and the N word was ice still ever heard it even during that those bad bad days the Red Sox and TDs a ticket holder. I'm not a stand with him but he says he is not heard that Adam Jones or and here's what kinds ladies and taunting that's gotten close to the senate means so media coupled drunk college kids last night and went over the line I mean in fairness to Mathieu does go down in the fifth inning with his camera -- roam through this game I view looking looking for people part of my job it is absolutely and get your brewers and cubs animal pitch around a young ball mark. Bradford Roemer a lot in for Kirk and Jerry here on WE. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ryan Hannable05/01/17 10:17 am EST Who will be the Patriots’ [..] - Ryan Hannable05/01/17 10:17 am EST Who will be the Patriots’ Malcolm Butler of 2017? A rookie that Bill Belichick did not draft this weekend is almost a lock to make the [..] + John Tomase04/30/17 08:37 pm EST Playoffs proving that Gordon [..] - John Tomase04/30/17 08:37 pm EST Playoffs proving that Gordon Hayward represents next big step for Celtics The NBA has made scouting the future star of the Celtics particularly easy this [..] + Rob Bradford04/30/17 07:20 am EST A blueprint of how to handle [..] - Rob Bradford04/30/17 07:20 am EST A blueprint of how to handle playing baseball in Boston, courtesy Jon [..] Jon Lester can look back and admit it. When playing baseball for the Red Sox in Boston, [..] + John Tomase04/28/17 12:29 pm EST Theo Epstein doesn't want to be [..] - John Tomase04/28/17 12:29 pm EST Theo Epstein doesn't want to be president, so quit asking Years ago, before Fortune Magazine named him the world's greatest leader, and before [..] + Ryan Hannable04/28/17 12:42 am EST It’s abundantly clear the [..] - Ryan Hannable04/28/17 12:42 am EST It’s abundantly clear the Patriots really, really like Jimmy Garoppolo Take a bow Adam Schefter. Ever since the week of the NFL combine, the ESPN NFL insider [..] + John Tomase04/27/17 11:15 pm EST Bogaerts tells truth: 'What's been [..] - John Tomase04/27/17 11:15 pm EST Bogaerts tells truth: 'What's been different? I mean, David's not here' We can talk about the weather, or the flu, or injuries, or integrating new bats or any [..] + Full Count05/02/17 11:41 pm EST With Steven Wright’s knee in [..] - Full Count05/02/17 11:41 pm EST With Steven Wright’s knee in bad shape, Kyle Kendrick gets the call It's not looking good for Steven Wright. The knuckleballer is headed for a [..] + Full Count05/02/17 11:30 pm EST Hanley Ramirez claims he can get [..] - Full Count05/02/17 11:30 pm EST Hanley Ramirez claims he can get even hotter than he is now Hanley Ramirez is heating up. The Red Sox designated hitter hit two home runs [..] + Green Street05/02/17 11:03 pm EST Isaiah Thomas (53 points) [..] - Green Street05/02/17 11:03 pm EST Isaiah Thomas (53 points) can’t be stopped, neither can Celtics as they rescue Game 2 from weary Wizards The Celtics and Wizards series is getting down and dirty. It's also turning [..] + Full Count05/02/17 11:00 pm EST Manny Machado goes on tirade for [..] - Full Count05/02/17 11:00 pm EST Manny Machado goes on tirade for ages after Chris Sale throws behind him in 1st inning Orioles third baseman Manny Machado is not happy. After what took place in [..] + Full Count05/02/17 09:43 pm EST Red Sox 5, Orioles 2: After 11 [..] - Full Count05/02/17 09:43 pm EST Red Sox 5, Orioles 2: After 11 days, Chris Sale, Hanley Ramirez finally gave their team payback Think about how may things had gone awry since Manny Machado's cleats met [..] + Full Count05/02/17 08:01 pm EST Video: Chris Sale throws behind [..] - Full Count05/02/17 08:01 pm EST Video: Chris Sale throws behind Manny Machado; Red Sox, Orioles receive warnings It's the drama that won't die. What started with Manny Machado sliding into [..] + Red Sox04/30/17 07:20 am EST A blueprint of how to handle [..] - Red Sox04/30/17 07:20 am EST A blueprint of how to handle playing baseball in Boston, courtesy Jon Lester Jon Lester can look back and admit it. When playing baseball for the Red Sox in Boston, life [..] + Red Sox 04/28/17 12:29 pm EST Theo Epstein doesn't want to be [..] - Red Sox 04/28/17 12:29 pm EST Theo Epstein doesn't want to be president, so quit asking Years ago, before Fortune Magazine named him the world's greatest leader, and before David [..] + Patriots05/01/17 10:17 am EST Who will be the Patriots’ [..] - Patriots05/01/17 10:17 am EST Who will be the Patriots’ Malcolm Butler of 2017? A rookie that Bill Belichick did not draft this weekend is almost a lock to make the [..] + Patriots 04/28/17 12:42 am EST It’s abundantly clear the [..] - Patriots 04/28/17 12:42 am EST It’s abundantly clear the Patriots really, really like Jimmy Garoppolo Take a bow Adam Schefter. Ever since the week of the NFL combine, the ESPN NFL insider has [..] + Bruins04/26/17 01:43 pm EST Bruce Cassidy's success forced [..] - Bruins04/26/17 01:43 pm EST Bruce Cassidy's success forced Bruins to make him full-time coach It took 27 regular season games and a six-game playoff series, but finally, the [..] + Celtics04/30/17 08:37 pm EST Playoffs proving that Gordon [..] - Celtics04/30/17 08:37 pm EST Playoffs proving that Gordon Hayward represents next big step for Celtics The NBA has made scouting the future star of the Celtics particularly easy this [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests If Boston hits a Grand Slam Home Run on the 99th pitch thrown to a Boston batter, you could win big! Sign up today for Cumberland Farm's 99k Grand Slam Giveaway! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File | Public Inspection File - Help   Copyright © 2017 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Alabama launches male roller derby team: 'Skating on steroids' horiz.jpg Jeremy Cummings is one member of the new men's roller derby team in Huntsville. (Submitted) Print Email Anna Claire Vollers By Anna Claire Vollers AL.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on May 02, 2017 at 9:21 AM, updated May 02, 2017 at 9:32 AM comments It's just about strength. Men bring a different element to it; there's more aggression. The youngest is 22, the oldest 40. A welder. An office worker. A stay-at-home dad. A college student. A National Guardsman. They're seven men from diverse backgrounds, but they leave their differences behind when it's time to lace up their skates. Huntsville's newest sports team is a niche sport within a niche sport: men's roller derby. "With a men's team, it's just about strength," said Shannon Jones, the team's coach and founder. "I love men's games. Men bring a different element to it; there's more aggression. That's the way I play, so I relate to it more. Men's derby is another level of competition." Jones was one of the original Dixie Derby Girls, Huntsville's main women's roller derby team founded in the early 2000s. After leaving the team last year due to injury, Jones knew wanted to start a men's team. She thought there might be enough interest in Huntsville; when she did marketing for Dixie Derby, she'd had men come up to her to ask whether there was a team for them. The closest men's derby team is in Atlanta. Jones doesn't think there's another men's roller derby team currently playing in Alabama. Jones began posting fliers around town in January. Mike Bailey, the owner of Odyssey Skate Center in Huntsville, agreed to let a men's team practice at the center on Saturday mornings. Dustin Carter, a college student majoring in engineering, saw a flier at the Wal-Mart where he works. R.J. Garcia, an electrician, was invited by his fiance's father, Jeremy Cummings, whose wife and oldest daughter are in the Dixie Derby Girls. Chad Peltier, an office worker in Huntsville, heard about the team from a friend. "I was worried because I didn't know how to skate," said Peltier, who said he bombarded Jones with questions about the team before coming to his first practice. "I came in April and have been coming to every practice since." He fell in love with derby last year, which a friend took him to a Dixie Derby Girls bout. "It was everything I thought it'd be, just exciting and fun," he said. "I saw every game for the rest of the season." Peltier said at his first practice in early April, he was inspired by the progress made by Carter, who'd been coming since February. Carter said he didn't know how to skate before showing up at his first practice. "For me, it's a lot about the people," said Carter. "Honestly I'm excited about picking up a skill again and getting back onto a team, which I haven't done since high school." Members of the new men's roller derby team in Huntsville, joined by a few family members, after a practice at Odyssey Skate Center. (Submitted)Anna Claire Vollers  Jones said the men don't have to know how to skate to join the team. She individualizes the coaching for the seven men who come regularly to practice, which she's held weekly since February. "Derby is just roller skating on steroids," Jones said. "They're learning the proper stance, proper stroke motion, and having the confidence to be on skates without any gear (at first)." The men don't have to own skates; they can rent them until they're ready to buy their own. Once Jones has 10 regular players, they'll create a team name and register with the Men's Roller Derby Association. Roller derby pits two teams of four skaters against each other. Each team has a jammer - the point scorer - whose goal is to break through the blockers on the other team and lap the other team's jammer to score a point. In reality, it's a writhing mass of skaters, shoving and yelling as they cruise along a flat track. "You're dancing out there," Jones explained. "It's not just about going forward and straight. It's not NASCAR anymore." Members of the Huntsville men's roller derby team practice at Odyssey Skate Center in April 2017. Once the team reaches 10 reguar members, they'll create a charter team and join the national leauge. (Submitted)Anna Claire Vollers  Peltier said skating is a welcome break from his day job, which is mostly spent behind a desk. He likes the camaraderie and the way that derby lets individual players shine. "You can see the teamwork out there and the distinct personalities," he said. "When a different player comes into the game, it kind of changes. You can see it in the other team too, how they respond to it as well." R.J Garcia appreciates the exercise, learning new skills, and the excitement "over whether I'm going to fall or not." "I'm completely fresh meat," he said, using a derby expression for a beginner. Garcia is marrying into a derby family. His fiance and her mom are Dixie Derby Girls; his fiance's little sister is on the Rocket City Rebels junior derby team; and his father-in-law skates with him on the men's team. "I wish more people knew about (derby)," he said. "Most people I tell, they've never heard about it." Carter said a few of his friends were surprised to hear that men's roller derby even existed. There are about 72 teams nationwide in the Men's Roller Derby Association, which evolved from a loose coalition of teams that was formed around 2007. By contract, the Women's Flat Track Derby Association has about 400 member leagues and another 50 apprentice leagues. None of the men on the Huntsville derby team said it bothers them to be men in a women-dominated sport. "I've never really cared about that much," said Carter. Peltier said he views derby as more of a community sport anyway, where deep divisions between genders don't matter as much. "I see a difference in the women's play vs. the men's play because it's obviously going to be different," he said. "But other than that, I'm just on the men's team. I'll play the way I need to play to survive on a men's team." The Huntsville Men's Roller Derby team will hold its next practices May 13, 20 and 27, from 9-11 a.m. at Odyssey Skate Center in Huntsville. Men need to be 19 years old to play, no experience necessary. Jones is the primary contact: mystictouchlady@hotmail.com. Documentary serves as love poem to Alabama » Here's a new documentary series with a big goal: bridging the gap between people. Filmmaker Jennifer Crandall traveled hundreds of miles to capture the essence of America as people across Alabama bring "Song of Myself" by poet Walt Whitman to life. We call it Whitman, Alabama. Join us. ► Whitman, Alabama ► Photos: People of Whitman, Alabama ► Follow the series on Facebook Whitman, Alabama » Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Aol.com Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Clothes may help Amazon kill department stores Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Daniel B. Kline May 2nd 2017 10:25AM Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) has quietly become a major player in the the apparel/fashion industry. In fact, in the United States the company has become the number two player in the category with $20.3 billion in clothing gross merchandise sales in 2016, and a 7.4% of the overall market, according to a Morgan Stanley study. Only Wal-Mart has a bigger piece of the pie, and Amazon's gains have come at the expense of Target and department stores including Macy's (NYSE: M), Kohl's (NYSE: KSS), J.C. Penney (NYSE: JCP), and Sears (NASDAQ: SHLD), according to the Morgan Stanley research. All of those chains are struggling on some level or teetering on the edge of bankruptcy in the case of Sears. Now, Amazon has major plans to increase its apparel sales. The company plans a massive hiring push in the space and has a number of new private-label brands. Perhaps most importantly it also has a new Alexa-enabled tool designed to help customers look their best. Amazon's new device lets people solicit opinions on their outfit. Image source: Amazon. How is Amazon attacking fashion? As of the end of April Amazon had nearly 450 jobs with the word fashion in the title or prominently in the description posted on its careers page, eMarketer reported. Many of those openings are related to the seven private-label apparel brands it has introduced for Prime members, Goodthreads, Amazon Essentials, Paris Sunday, Mae, Ella Moon, Buttoned Down, and Lark & Ro. STOCK PRICE FOR AMZNFull price information The company has not promoted these brands much, but items from them are for sale on its website. They include basics and fast fashion for both men and women. In addition the Mae line offers women's underwear and bathing suits. "Amazon will use private label selectively, which should both enhance the offering and induce traditional apparel vendors to sell to Amazon," KeyBanc Capital analyst Ed Yruma wrote in a research note. "...While apparel is one of Amazon's fastest-growing categories, more work must be done for the business to scale. We expect the challenges the company has faced in courting the fashion community to remain, but we think Amazon will continue to evolve its strategy." Fashion won't be easy for Amazon as consumers in the space are selective, but the company should be able to help its cause with its new Alexa voice assistant-powered Echo Look. The company explained how the device will work in its Q1 earnings release: Amazon introduced Echo Look, an entirely new category of device that combines everything you love about Alexa with a hands-free camera and built-in style assistant. Simply ask Echo Look to take a photo or short video so you can see your outfit from any angle, share your look with friends, or get a second opinion on what to wear using Style Check, which combines machine learning algorithms with advice from fashion specialists. Echo Look costs $199.99 and is only being sold by invitation at first. It's going to be at least some time before a meaningful number of Prime members own one, but it's easy to see how the technology might be used to expand Amazon's fashion business. Amazon makes it easy Physical retailers have an advantage when it comes to clothing because consumers can try things on before buying. That's an edge Amazon could eventually erode or eliminate using technology. Look does not quite do that yet, but the device could evolve or the online retailer could find other ways to create virtual dressing rooms. Where Amazon can beat most retailers is price and if it can establish its private brands as hip or at least as hip as what gets sold in department stores, it can eliminate the need to go to a department store. Wal-Mart, of course, may be cheaper than Amazon on some items, but in general that chain is not in competition with retailers like Macy's and Kohl's or even J.C. Penney and Sears. Amazon has the potential to create brands that higher-end customers want. That's very bad news for struggling department stores that can't stand to lose any more business to the online giant. Amazon may not quickly figure out fashion, but it has gotten some of the way there. Its past history shows that when it targets a market, it usually figures out how to take a chunk of it and with apparel it's already well on its way. 10 stocks we like better than Amazon When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Amazon wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of May 1, 2017 Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Tags amazon clothing department stores retail Read Full Story Can't get enough business news? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from retailer news to the latest IPOs delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. From Our Partners Family Finds A Mysterious Box Under Their Home With The Creepiest Thing Inside Woman Feels Strange Lumps Under Her Dog's Fur - Then Realizes What Happened In Her Own 20 Folks Recall Shocking Interview Moments That Made Them NOT Want the Job The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 2 cards charging 0% interest for 21 months Pay no interest until July 2018 with this card $200 just for using this credit card Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Mortgage rates plummet. Lock in before they rise. Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR for up to 21 months Owe less than $300k on your home? Don't miss this unique opportunity How to pay down your home in half the time (If you owe less than $625k) Congress gives American homeowners who owe less than $300-625k a once in a lifetime mortgage bailout Earn 10x the national average in your savings account Investment Accounts For Any Type of Investor Interest rates on the rise! Put your money in a new CD account today 17 most common job interview mistakes you must avoid to get a new job 11 ways you’re being ripped off at the pharmacy 15 sanctuary cities trump could punish the most Did Jimmy Kimmel Just Doom the GOP's Health Bill? Trump Reiterates Andrew Jackson Belief in Tweet Missing Couple Found Dead in Belize Recommended For You 1 Etsy craters after announcing earnings were flat, its CEO is stepping down, and jo... 2 Mark Cuban says he 'just recently' bought Twitter — and the stock is popping 3 These 14 giant corporations dominate the global auto industry 4 Gander Mountain is closing down a bunch of stores 5 Trump says actively considering breaking up big banks -Bloomberg TV 6 Here are the best cities if you're looking for a job 7 RBC: Dunkin' Donuts' 'dramatic reduction in menu items' will make it a lot more pr... 8 Facebook accused of targeting 'insecure' children and young people, leaked report ... Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,391.172.840.12% DJIA20,949.8936.430.17% NASDAQ6,095.373.760.06% DAX12,507.9069.890.56% NIKKEI 22519,445.70135.180.70% HANG SENG24,696.1381.000.33% USD (per EUR)1.090.00-0.15% USD (per CHF)0.990.000.04% JPY (per USD)112.070.100.09% GBP (per USD)1.290.00-0.19% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners The House just passed a bill that affects overtime payCNNMoney New NAFTA deal could bring jobs back - at a costCNNMoney What Trump has done to ObamacareCNNMoney Howard Stern was 100% right about Donald TrumpCNNMoney The U.S. just lost a trade battle with MexicoCNNMoney To save infrastructure, Trump must address the climateCNNMoney This solar device makes water out of desert airCNNMoney Venezuela spirals into 'deep economic crisis'CNNMoneyBy PubExchange Wed, May 03 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Change weather location Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Video Shop Finance Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile Finance © 2017  AOL Inc. Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from breaking finance news to money-saving tricks delivered directly to your inbox daily! Finance Report Signup Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe at any time. No, I don't want more finance news delivered to my inbox daily
gizmodo Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root gizmodo Good News, Logan's Black-and-White Version Will Get a Home Release, Too James WhitbrookYesterday 10:20am Filed to: Logan Logan Noir Movies Marvel Fox Wolverine 68 5 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Image: 20th Century Fox. Can’t make it to the May 16, one-night-only showing of Logan in the black-and-white-Johnny-Cash-music-video style it always dreamed of being? Well, don’t worry on missing out: it looks like the film’s home release will include the alternate version of the film, too. Advertisement Announced through The Hollywood Reporter this morning, details of Walmart’s special edition of the film—which will include a special nine-poster set depicting Hugh Jackman’s Wolverine over the years, and a new poster for Logan itself on its reverse—confirmed that the black-and-white cut of the film, dubbed Logan Noir, will be part of the film’s special features package. Here’s the full list of special features included: Advertisement Logan Noir: a black-and-white version of the film Audio commentary by director James Mangold Deleted scenes with optional audio commentary by Mangold (Blu-ray only) Making Logan — behind-the-scenes documentary (Blu-ray only) Presumably the posters are the part that’s exclusive to Walmart’s release, and the features themselves will be standard wherever you choose to get Logan from when it releases on Digital HD on May 16, and on Blu-Ray May 23. But either way, it’s great to see fans will be able to experience the Johnny Cash edition of Logan even if they can’t make it to the theater this month. Logan Noir Would Be a Good Name for a Comic Book Series Logan Continues to Portray Wolverine's Life as One Long Johnny Cash Music Video Logan Continues to Mutate Into Johnny Cash Music Video With Possible B&W Version A Black and White Version of Logan Is Coming to Theaters for One Night Only James Whitbrook james.whitbrook@gizmodo.com @JWhitbrook James is a staff writer for io9. He reads comics so you don't have to—but sometimes you should anyway! Reply68 repliesLeave a reply You may also like io9 This New Featurette Makes Me Care More About The Mummy More Than Any of the Trailers Did Yesterday 10:45am io9 Our First Fleeting Look at the Villain of Justice League Yesterday 9:15am io9 J.K. Rowling Apologizes for Killing Snape and Harry Potter Fandom Promptly Self-Immolates Yesterday 9:59am Recent from James Whitbrook 176 30.9K io9 · James Whitbrook Marvel Desperately Reassures Fans Captain America Is Still a Hero After Secret Empire Backlash Yesterday 4:30pm 3 35 13.7K io9 · James Whitbrook Robin Williams' Last Movie Is Finally Getting a US Release Yesterday 3:05pm 5 310 88.1K io9 · James Whitbrook Our First Fleeting Look at the Villain of Justice League Yesterday 9:15am Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Gizmodo Store Redirecting to the Gizmodo store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Don’t be overbought on banks, NBFCs: Dipan Mehta Managing LAP, affordable home growth key for HFCs Market weak, but D-St in bull market! Every 3rd stock up 20% from Dec low IRB InvIT Fund opens today; here’s what you need to know Why Dipan Mehta is betting on growth stocks despite high valuations Blackstone sells 6.9% stake in SH Kelkar; shares down Populism is great for stock returns Godrej Properties surges on sale of 1,000 apartments in 2 months Strength of local money has been tried, but not tested yet Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 10:49 AM | 03 Maymarket stats SENSEX 29,95230.63 NIFTY 50 9,32814.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,5908.00 USD/INR 64.13-0.09 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW How this startup is using satellites to give more accurate investment ideas By Bloomberg | Updated: May 02, 2017, 07.05 PM IST Post a Comment Company Summary NSE BSE Geodesic Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Orbital Insight Inc., the startup betting on using big-data analysis of satellite imagery to give investors a more accurate and timely view of the global economy, raised $50 million from US and Japanese investors to bring its total funding to $78.7 million. The Series C funding was led by Sequoia Capital, one of Silicon Valley’s top venture capital firms, and additional investors included Geodesic Capital and Japan’s Itochu Corp., Orbital said in a statement Tuesday. The four-year-old company’s valuation wasn’t disclosed. The fresh capital will be used to expand its partnerships, increase its analytics products, and build bigger international sales operations in Europe and Asia, Orbital said. The Mountain View, California-based company founded by former NASA scientist and Google engineer James Crawford also will step up recruiting in engineering, data science and design. Falling satellite launch costs are helping make geospatial imagery a bigger and better source for economists and investors tracking everything from China’s manufacturing to the number of cars parked outside Wal-Mart stores. Venture capital investment in space companies jumped to a record nearly $1.4 billion last year, bringing the total since 2000 to $13.3 billion, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. said in a report last month. ‘Spy-Movie Stuff’ "I’d met with a lot of satellite and rocket launch companies prior to our investment in Orbital. One of the things I didn’t see was the big data, machine learning piece," said Sequoia partner Bill Coughran, who formerly worked with Crawford at Google. "There’s a big change taking place. That old spy-movie stuff where you have people hovering over an image will go away, with computers doing a lot of the work." Envision Ventures, Intellectus Partners, and Balyasny Asset Management also participated in the Series C investment, Orbital said. Orbital has received past funding from Bloomberg Beta, a venture-capital unit of Bloomberg LP. Orbital buys satellite and drone imagery from commercial providers including Airbus SE, DigitalGlobe Inc. and Planet Labs Inc., then uses advanced image processing and machine learning algorithms to track trends visible in cars, farms, and buildings. Customers include financial firms, US government agencies and non-profit organizations. Geodesic invested in Orbital after working with it to assess the Japanese market, according to Nate Mitchell, a partner at the Foster City, California, firm, which has a Tokyo subsidiary. Japanese banks, insurers, retailers, manufacturers, and tech companies are looking to space imagery for better understanding of daily business and broader market forces, Mitchell said. Oil Tanks Last year, Orbital calculated from photos showing the depth of shadows cast by floating lids of giant oil tanks in China that the world’s largest energy consumer may have stored more crude than official government estimates. The company has also teamed up with World Bank researchers to help better identify areas of extreme poverty. Analysts see the space business beginning a broader transformation, led by companies like Elon Musk’s Space Exploration Technologies Corp. and Amazon.com Inc. founder Jeff Bezos’s Blue Origin LLC. Commercial space will be a multi-trillion dollar industry within two decades, Goldman Sachs analysts led by Noah Poponak in New York said in an April 4 research report. "The second Space Age has begun, and the forces of innovation and disruption are overtaking formerly stagnant industries," they wrote. "We are witnessing an inflection point in the significance of the space economy, where it becomes central in providing Internet access and basic services to more than half the world’s population, compounding growth." Comments(0)Add Comments How this startup is using satellites to give more accurate investment ideas To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter READ MORE ONWorld BanktechSequoiaplaceNASAMarket Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Calling All Experienced Travelers: Become a USA Today Cont.. USA TODAY NEW YORK Why Parents and Teens Will Both Love Smart Home S.. Alarm.com This game will keep you up all night! Pirates: Free Online GameMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Inspire a brighter future with five FREE digital stories. PNC No gamer should miss this free game Vikings: Free Online Game Earn a Master's Degree at DePaul University College of Computing and Digital Media Watch: The Biotech Market Could Become The Next "Gold Rush.. Finance Spotlight For Vitality Biopharma Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi Tata just unveiled its first sports coupe - TaMo RaceMo Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Amit Shah is a traitor, Hardik a patriot: Arvind Kejriwal Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Confused what to do in market now? Take a look at these 15 stock ideas Sell in May, go away! One twist in tale, and it may hold good on D-St When the entire market is on a high, here’s how to pick stocks Top stocks in focus on Wednesday, 3 May 2017 Buffett is underperforming big time for last 10 years: Raamdeo Agrawal, Motilal Oswal More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebMCD Election Result|RERA Bahubali 2|BSE Sensex DD vs SRH|Gold rate today Sensex Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (HIHI: OTC Pink Current) | Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. is Negotiating the Acquisition of Several Income Producing Properties in one of the Fastest Growing Cities in the Country HOLIDAY ISLAND, AR–(Marketwired – May 2, 2017) – Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (OTC PINK: HIHI), a development stage company operating in the land development sector of the market, announced today that it is in negotiations with the largest realtor in the Northwest Arkansas Metro (NWA) to identify and negotiate the acquisition of income producing properties in booming NWA. NWA is the third fastest growing metro in the U.S. fueled by the global corporate giants headquartered there including Walmart, Tyson Foods, J.B. Hunt Transportation, and the cultural presence of the University of Arkansas and Crystal Bridges Art Center. Gene Thompson, CEO of Holiday Island Holdings says, „We are pleased to make this announcement as the NWA offers sustainable high growth and returns in one of the most affluent metros in the U.S. „This development expands our opportunity to add high yield commercial income producing properties to the Company, and develop residential property revenues with the sale of Holiday Island properties as second homes as the NWA Metro is 30 miles from Holiday Island.” The Company’s main goals for 2017 are to finalize a multi-million dollar fund raise and become a significant player in local commercial and residential markets at Holiday Island, Arkansas.” Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. will keep both its shareholders and public completely informed of the entire process as the details continue to develop. Please watch for regular press releases about the Company’s progress. For additional information, please visit the Company’s website at www.holidayislandholdings.com. About Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (OTC PINK: HIHI): Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. is operating its core business in land development in a continued effort to acquire and further develop income producing commercial and residential real estate located in Holiday Island, Arkansas and in nearby NWA. The company is in the process of further developing a town poised to become the largest community between Northwest Arkansas Metroplex and Branson, Missouri, and prosper in its participation in the local retail, commercial, and residential market. Forward-Looking Statements Disclaimer: This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: „anticipate,” „believe,” „continue,” „could,” „estimate,” „expect,” „intend,” „may,” „ongoing,” „plan,” „potential,” „predict,” „project,” „should,” „will,” „would,” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time the statements are made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainty and other factors that may cause our results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this press release. This press release should be considered in light of all filings of the Company that are contained in the Edgar Archives of the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov. Copyright © 2017 Marketwired. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHoliday Island Holdings, Inc. Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Microgrid as a Service Market Size, Emerging Trends, Investment Opportunities and Forecast 2017 to 2022 Next PostNext Statistics from Nasdaq Nordic Exchange April 2017 – Summary in Finnish Search Recent Posts Acoustic Doppler Current Profilers (ADCP) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price North America Diamond-Like Carbon Coating Market Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2022 Genium Consolidated Feed (GCF) – Test Environment GCF TST3 Available North America Biodiesel Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2022 Australian Employers are Getting Better at Supporting Working Parents RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 105% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 105% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Clothes May Help Amazon Kill Department Stores The online retailer has quietly set itself up to take down some major players that are already struggling. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) May 2, 2017 at 9:42AM Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) has quietly become a major player in the the apparel/fashion industry. In fact, in the United States, the company has become the No. 2 player in the category with $20.3 billion in clothing gross merchandise sales in 2016, and a 7.4% of the overall market, according to a Morgan Stanley study. Only Wal-Mart has a bigger piece of the pie, and Amazon's gains have come at the expense of Target and department stores including Macy's (NYSE:M), Kohl's (NYSE:KSS), J.C. Penney (NYSE:JCP), and Sears (NASDAQ:SHLD), according to the Morgan Stanley research. All of those chains are struggling on some level, or teetering on the edge of bankruptcy, in the case of Sears. Now, Amazon has major plans to increase its apparel sales. The company is preparing for a massive hiring push in the space and has a number of new private-label brands. Perhaps most importantly, it also has a new Alexa-enabled tool designed to help customers look their best. Amazon's new device lets people solicit opinions on their outfit. Image source: Amazon. How is Amazon attacking fashion? As of the end of April, Amazon had nearly 450 jobs with the word fashion in the title or prominently in the description posted on its careers page, eMarketer reported. Many of those openings are related to the seven private-label apparel brands it has introduced for Prime members, Goodthreads, Amazon Essentials, Paris Sunday, Mae, Ella Moon, Buttoned Down, and Lark & Ro. The company has not promoted these brands much, but items from them are for sale on its website. They include basics and fast fashion for both men and women. In addition, the Mae line offers women's underwear and bathing suits. "Amazon will use private label selectively, which should both enhance the offering and induce traditional apparel vendors to sell to Amazon," KeyBanc Capital analyst Ed Yruma wrote in a research note, continuing: While apparel is one of Amazon's fastest-growing categories, more work must be done for the business to scale. We expect the challenges the company has faced in courting the fashion community to remain, but we think Amazon will continue to evolve its strategy. Fashion won't be easy for Amazon since consumers in the space are selective, but the company should be able to help its cause with its new Alexa voice assistant-powered Echo Look. The company explained how the device will work in its Q1 earnings release: Amazon introduced Echo Look, an entirely new category of device that combines everything you love about Alexa with a hands-free camera and built-in style assistant. Simply ask Echo Look to take a photo or short video so you can see your outfit from any angle, share your look with friends, or get a second opinion on what to wear using Style Check, which combines machine learning algorithms with advice from fashion specialists. Echo Look costs $199.99 and is only being sold by invitation at first. It's going to be at least some time before a meaningful number of Prime members own one, but it's easy to see how the technology might be used to expand Amazon's fashion business. Amazon makes it easy Physical retailers have an advantage when it comes to clothing because consumers can try things on before buying. That's an edge Amazon could eventually erode or eliminate using technology. Look does not quite do that yet, but the device could evolve, or the online retailer could find other ways to create virtual dressing rooms. Amazon can beat most retailers on price, and if it can establish its private brands as hip -- or at least as hip as what gets sold in department stores -- it can eliminate the need for people to go to a department store. Wal-Mart, of course, may be cheaper than Amazon on some items, but in general, that chain is not in competition with retailers like Macy's and Kohl's ,or even J.C. Penney and Sears. Amazon has the potential to create brands higher-end customers want. That's very bad news for struggling department stores that can't stand to lose any more business to the online giant. Amazon may not have fashion figured out immediately, but it has gotten some of the way there. Its past history shows that when it targets a market, it usually figures out how to take a chunk of it, and with apparel, it's already well on its way. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info May 2, 2017 at 9:42AM Consumer Goods Stocks J.C. Penney NYSE:JCP $5.44 up $0.09 (1.68%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $946.94 down $-1.29 (-0.14%) Macy's NYSE:M $29.50 up $0.64 (2.22%) Sears Holdings NASDAQ:SHLD $10.71 up $0.49 (4.79%) Kohl's NYSE:KSS $39.16 up $1.15 (3.03%) Read More Why Amazon Is So Focused on Groceries Right Now Why Whole Foods Could Be a Good Fit For Amazon Amazon's U.S. Prime Membership Doubled in 2 Years How Amazon.com, Inc. Crushed Its Own Q1 Targets Is Amazon.com Worth $1,000? Or Is It Worth $1,100? Please Pick One. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Clothes May Help Amazon Kill Department Stores @themotleyfool #stocks $JCP, $AMZN, $M, $SHLD, $KSS
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. is Negotiating the Acquisition of Several Income Producing Properties in one of the Fastest Growing Cities in the Country Share on Facebook Share Share on TwitterTweet Share on Google Plus Share Share on Pinterest Share Share on LinkedIn Share Share on Digg Share Send email Mail Print Print Holiday Island, Arkansas –(UPTICK Newswire – May 2nd, 2017) – Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (OTCPink: HIHI), a development stage company operating in the land development sector of the market, announced today that it is in negotiations with the largest realtor in the Northwest Arkansas Metro (NWA) to identify and negotiate the acquisition of income producing properties in booming NWA. NWA is the third fastest growing metro in the U. S. fueled by the global corporate giants headquartered there including WalMart, Tyson Foods, J.B. Hunt Transportation, and the cultural presence of the University of Arkansas and Crystal Bridges Art Center. Gene Thompson, CEO of Holiday Island Holdings says, “we are pleased to make this announcement as the NWA offers sustainable high growth and returns in one of the most affluent metros in the U. S. “This development expands our opportunity to add high yield commercial income producing properties to the Company, and develop residential property revenues with the sale of Holiday Island properties as second homes as the NWA Metro is 30 miles from Holiday Island.” The Company’s main goals for 2017 are to finalize a multi-million dollar fund raise and become a significant player in local commercial and residential markets at Holiday Island, Arkansas.” Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. will keep both its shareholders and public completely informed of the entire process as the details continue to develop. Please watch for regular press releases about the Company’s progress. For additional information, please visit the Company’s website at www.holidayislandholdings.com. About Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (OTCPink: HIHI): Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. is operating its core business in land development in a continued effort to acquire and further develop income producing commercial and residential real estate located in Holiday Island, Arkansas and in nearby NWA. The company is in the process of further developing a town poised to become the largest community between Northwest Arkansas Metroplex and Branson, Missouri, and prosper in its participation in the local retail, commercial, and residential market. Forward-Looking Statements Disclaimer: This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “ongoing,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “will,” “would,” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time the statements are made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainty and other factors that may cause our results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this press release. This press release should be considered in light of all filings of the Company that are contained in the Edgar Archives of the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov. HIHI Contact: Gene Thompson, CEO & Chairman Phone: (479) 244-6047 Email: sgenethompson@gmail.com Website: www.holidayislandholdings.com Source: Uptick Newswire CategoriesUncategorized Tagsdevelopment stocks, HIHI, Residential, Top Micro-Cap News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Edible Insect Market Worth US$ 722.9 Mn by 2024 Next PostNext Edison update on Standard Life Private Eqty Trst Search Recent Posts Acoustic Doppler Current Profilers (ADCP) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price North America Diamond-Like Carbon Coating Market Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2022 Genium Consolidated Feed (GCF) – Test Environment GCF TST3 Available North America Biodiesel Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2022 Australian Employers are Getting Better at Supporting Working Parents RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 #1359, 06 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap Squarespace   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac EagleFiler 1.7.6 Parallels Desktop 12.2.0 Lightroom CC 2015.10 and Lightroom 6.10 Evernote 6.11 OmniFocus 2.9     Related Articles A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Setting Up Accessories and Rooms (16 Jan 17)     Other articles in the series A Prairie HomeKit Companion Using Philips Hue Lights as a Hurricane and Tornado Alert (03 Mar 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Fine Tuning with the Other “Home” App (21 Feb 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Automating Your Home (10 Feb 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Controlling Accessories (16 Jan 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Setting Up Accessories and Rooms (16 Jan 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Core Concepts (03 Nov 16) Getting Started with the Philips Hue Smart Light Bulbs (01 Aug 16)     Published in TidBITS 1367. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Take Control Books Acquired by Joe Kissell Three Reasons to Try the Opera Web Browser Apple’s New Clips App Is iMovie for the Social Age ExtraBITS for 1 May 2017 TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 1 May 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 01 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (10) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Two Smart Outlets by Josh Centers The Centers clan is in the midst of a move. We outgrew the old prairie home — my current office often looked like an outtake from the show “Hoarders” — so we’re moving on to greener pastures. But the hustle, bustle, and boxes (so many boxes) make it difficult to review HomeKit accessories properly until we get resettled. That’s why I’d like to talk about one of the simplest types of home automation accessory you can buy: the humble smart outlet. Smart outlets are an excellent way to get started with HomeKit because they’re cheap, simple, and easy to reposition. Just plug a smart outlet into an ordinary wall outlet, plug an appliance into the smart outlet, do a little software setup, and you’re done. Before you invest in a smart outlet, be aware of their limitations. All they do is toggle power on and off to any connected appliances. They won’t dim your lights or adjust the output of your heater. They work best with devices that activate when plugged in, especially those with “hard” switches like electric heaters, fans, lamps, and window air conditioning units. Unsure if a particular appliance will work with a smart switch? Plug it into a power strip and turn on the device. Then turn the power strip off and back on. If your appliance kicks back on, you know that it will work well with a smart outlet. Which smart outlet should you buy? I’ll discuss two that I own: the Elgato Eve Energy and the iHome iSP5. The kind folks at Tin Drum PR provided me with the Eve Energy — it retails for about $50 — while I purchased the iHome iSP5 from Walmart for about $40. iHome also offers the fancier iSP8, which includes a physical remote control, for about $50. The Eve Energy and the iHome iSP5 are similar devices, but if you see them side by side, you immediately notice the size difference. The face of the Eve Energy is square — about 2.5 inches (6.35 cm) wide and long — and 1.125 inches (2.86 cm) thick. The iSP5 is about 2.75 inches (6.98 cm) wide, 1.375 inches (3.49 cm) tall, and 1.4375 inches (3.65 cm) thick. In other words, the iHome is about half as tall but a little thicker than the Eve Energy. Depending on your particular situation, one may fit better than the other. Even though the Eve Energy is larger overall, its thinner profile makes a better option in tight spaces such as behind bookcases. Both smart outlets feature a manual power button. The iSP5’s button, which you press to turn the outlet on and off, is tucked away in the upper-right corner. The Eve Energy’s button is right on the front, but you must hold the button down for a few seconds to turn it on and off. As far as setup and operation goes, both set up quickly in Apple’s Home app, which I covered in “A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Setting Up Accessories and Rooms” (16 January 2017). Both smart outlets also offer their own apps, but I usually don’t like to fool with them. They seldom provide any important advantage over Apple’s Home app and generally make things more complicated. The entire point of HomeKit is that you have a central interface for all of your home automation items, regardless of vendor. As far as using the smart outlets in Home, it’s a simple as tapping the icon to turn them on or off. Of course, you can also use them in Scenes and Automations. However, Apple’s Home app lacks one nice feature available from both Elgato’s Eve Energy app and the iHome Control app: power consumption monitoring. iHome’s app requires an online account, but Elgato’s doesn’t, so if you’re interested in that feature, I recommend the Eve Energy. In fact, iHome Control won’t even record those statistics until you create an account, but Eve Energy will quietly gather them in the background with no intervention necessary. I also find Eve Energy much better than iHome Control overall because it’s a full-service HomeKit controller. In contrast, iHome Control seems to work with only a few of my HomeKit devices. The main functional difference between these two smart outlets is that the iHome iSP5 relies on Wi-Fi, whereas the Eve Energy communicates via Bluetooth. The iSP5 is the winner here because Wi-Fi has much better range and responsiveness than Bluetooth. Elgato announced the Eve Extend Bluetooth range extender at CES 2017, but it has yet to materialize. Overall, I recommend the slightly cheaper iHome iSP5 over the Elgato Eve Energy unless Bluetooth is preferable to Wi-Fi in your environment, you’re particularly interested in power consumption monitoring, or the iSP5 is too thick for a tight space. If you’re curious about HomeKit automation, you can’t go wrong with a smart outlet like the iHome iSP5. It’s cheap, easy to set up, simple to uninstall, and a breeze to operate. Not only that, but these outlets are versatile, working with many different plug-in appliances. They may not be as much fun as the Philips Hue lights, but they’re easier on the bank account (see “Getting Started with the Philips Hue Smart Light Bulbs,” 1 August 2016). That’s all from the Prairie HomeKit Companion for now. I’ll check in again soon once I’ve had a chance to experiment with an entirely new house layout.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Leonard Smith, David Lipsky, Howard Kaufman, and Robert Meagher for their generous support!   Comments about A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Two Smart Outlets To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Amidst the chaos of a house move, Josh Centers takes a break to tell you about two HomeKit-compatible smart outlets that are easy to take with you wherever you may go. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Greg  2017-05-01 22:19 $50 ≠ cheap. But home automation seems to have many hurdles to overcome beyond price. How many apps and hubs does one need to make anything sensible? And there will almost always be the need to be able turn lights on and off without phones and apps—wives, kids, guests, etc. I am still intrigued though, geek that I am. But if my wife or a guest cannot walk into a room and turn on a light without detailed instructions it's not going to happen. Added to that is that iHome comes up with a warning about not working with future versions of iOS. So we set up rules using an app and then the app no longer functions. That'a winner! Reply Josh Centers   2017-05-02 09:14 I was skeptical of home automation, too, which is part of my motivation for writing this series. How many apps and hubs do you need? In my setup, I only really need the Hue app and the Hue hub; I can do everything else with the built-in Home app. Lights can still be turned on and off with a simple switch — the smart outlets I discuss here act as secondary switches, so if they're on, the light functions as normal. There are also smart switches now on the market, which I hope to cover in the near future. The iHome smart outlet should work as long as Apple supports HomeKit, whether the iHome app works or not. Reply Josh Centers   2017-05-02 09:25 Also, $50 is cheap in the home automation world. Reply Anton Rang  2017-05-02 00:33 I have a few of the iDevices switches (Wi-Fi, ≈$50). They generally work pretty well for me, and monitor energy usage without the need for an online account. The side plug is a bit unusual, but helps in situations where there’s not much room to add depth behind furniture, and allows the built-in light to be much larger. While I don’t really use it as a nightlight, I’ve set up scenes which switch the light color so that I can easily see at a glance whether the switch is on or not. That comes in handy with my home audio/video center, since the TV, DVD, etc. can be turned “off” but still drawing power if the switch was left on. Occasionally Siri won’t see the devices on the first try, particularly if I’m waking the phone up and immediately requesting a scene change. I’m not sure if that’s an issue with these devices or related to the phone not waiting long enough to detect them on the network. Reply Jean-Pierre SMITH  2017-05-02 03:18 This would be useful to me if I could command the smart outlet from the mac automation (when it says "ON" or "OFF"). I currently use Task Till Dawn for mac automation (for my night backups) and the outlets I use in conjunction with it to power "ON" and "OFF" my clones are just timers. Reply wieland hartwig   2017-05-02 06:25 I'm not sure about home automation. It is so primitive! I can do all of it in a jiffy by just flicking a switch. I don't need to use a computer or a phone to do that. Also, I generally know what the wattage of the appliance is that I use. I use my seniour brain to keep track of power usage. I don't get it. Reply Josh Centers   2017-05-02 09:25 I didn't get it either until I started using it. I thought, "Why would I spend all this money on these fancy Hue bulbs when I can just get up and flick a switch?" But a switch can't turn on your lights at a given time of day. A wall switch won't let you adjust your lights from your couch. Unless your house is wired for it, you can't flick a switch before entering a dark room. And I can't wait to have a smart thermostat so I can adjust the temperature of my house without leaving my bed. Our temperatures fluctuate wildly here in Tennessee, so you can go to bed warm and wake up at 2 AM shivering. That's going to be even more important in the new house since my thermostat will be downstairs and my bedroom upstairs. Reply HiC  2017-05-02 12:21 I have an iDevices switch in my kitchen with an electric kettle plugged into it. That way, whether from bed in the morning upon waking up, the couch in the evening watching Tv, or driving home from work and a few minutes away from home, I can just say, « Hey Siri, it's Teatime » and, voilà, hot water for tea is awaiting me upon getting up or arriving home. Sometimes, it's the little things that start to make the automation appealing and worthwhile. :) Reply David Chew  2017-05-02 17:10 Ah, the thermostat. My 92 yr old father-in-law moved in with us after he fell at night adjusting the thermostat. Our HVAC broke the next spring and when we replaced it, we installed a NEST. He would call me when I was at work and I would adjust the thermostat from my iPhone. A bit later I upgraded him from his flip phone to an iPhone and now he is able to adjust the thermostat by himself. Vital to him, since he broke a hip and a leg since he moved in and is no longer able to stand by himself. Reply Josh Centers   2017-05-02 17:39 Wow, that's amazing! Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Amidst the chaos of a house move, Josh Centers takes a break to tell you about two HomeKit-compatible smart outlets that are easy to take with you wherever you may go. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. Is Negotiating the Acquisition of Several Income Producing Properties in One of the Fastest Growing Cities in the Country Holiday Island, AR — (ReleaseWire) — 05/02/2017 –Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (OTCMKTS:HIHI), a development stage company operating in the land development sector of the market, announced today that it is in negotiations with the largest realtor in the Northwest Arkansas Metro (NWA) to identify and negotiate the acquisition of income producing properties in booming NWA. NWA is the third fastest growing metro in the U. S. fueled by the global corporate giants headquartered there including WalMart, Tyson Foods, J.B. Hunt Transportation, and the cultural presence of the University of Arkansas and Crystal Bridges Art Center. Gene Thompson, CEO of Holiday Island Holdings says, „we are pleased to make this announcement as the NWA offers sustainable high growth and returns in one of the most affluent metros in the U. S. „This development expands our opportunity to add high yield commercial income producing properties to the Company, and develop residential property revenues with the sale of Holiday Island properties as second homes as the NWA Metro is 30 miles from Holiday Island.” The Company’s main goals for 2017 are to finalize a multi-million dollar fund raise and become a significant player in local commercial and residential markets at Holiday Island, Arkansas.” Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. will keep both its shareholders and public completely informed of the entire process as the details continue to develop. Please watch for regular press releases about the Company’s progress. For additional information, please visit the Company’s website at www.holidayislandholdings.com. About Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (OTCMKTS:HIHI) Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. is operating its core business in land development in a continued effort to acquire and further develop income producing commercial and residential real estate located in Holiday Island, Arkansas and in nearby NWA. The company is in the process of further developing a town poised to become the largest community between Northwest Arkansas Metroplex and Branson, Missouri, and prosper in its participation in the local retail, commercial, and residential market. Forward-Looking Statements Disclaimer: This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: „anticipate,” „believe,” „continue,” „could,” „estimate,” „expect,” „intend,” „may,” „ongoing,” „plan,” „potential,” „predict,” „project,” „should,” „will,” „would,” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time the statements are made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainty and other factors that may cause our results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this press release. This press release should be considered in light of all filings of the Company that are contained in the Edgar Archives of the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov. HIHI Contact: Gene Thompson, CEO & Chairman Phone: 479-244-6047 Email: sgenethompson@gmail.com Website: www.holidayislandholdings.com Source: Uptick Newswire CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Experts Predict Global Cellulose Acetate Film Market to Grow Significantly According To New Report 2021 Next PostNext Market Shares First North – April 2017 Search Recent Posts Acoustic Doppler Current Profilers (ADCP) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price North America Diamond-Like Carbon Coating Market Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2022 Genium Consolidated Feed (GCF) – Test Environment GCF TST3 Available North America Biodiesel Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2022 Australian Employers are Getting Better at Supporting Working Parents RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. is Negotiating the Acquisition of Several Income Producing Properties in one of the Fastest Growing Cities in the Country HOLIDAY ISLAND, AR–(Marketwired – May 2, 2017) – Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (OTC PINK: HIHI), a development stage company operating in the land development sector of the market, announced today that it is in negotiations with the largest realtor in the Northwest Arkansas Metro (NWA) to identify and negotiate the acquisition of income producing properties in booming NWA. NWA is the third fastest growing metro in the U.S. fueled by the global corporate giants headquartered there including Walmart, Tyson Foods, J.B. Hunt Transportation, and the cultural presence of the University of Arkansas and Crystal Bridges Art Center. Gene Thompson, CEO of Holiday Island Holdings says, „We are pleased to make this announcement as the NWA offers sustainable high growth and returns in one of the most affluent metros in the U.S. „This development expands our opportunity to add high yield commercial income producing properties to the Company, and develop residential property revenues with the sale of Holiday Island properties as second homes as the NWA Metro is 30 miles from Holiday Island.” The Company’s main goals for 2017 are to finalize a multi-million dollar fund raise and become a significant player in local commercial and residential markets at Holiday Island, Arkansas.” Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. will keep both its shareholders and public completely informed of the entire process as the details continue to develop. Please watch for regular press releases about the Company’s progress. For additional information, please visit the Company’s website at www.holidayislandholdings.com. About Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (OTC PINK: HIHI): Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. is operating its core business in land development in a continued effort to acquire and further develop income producing commercial and residential real estate located in Holiday Island, Arkansas and in nearby NWA. The company is in the process of further developing a town poised to become the largest community between Northwest Arkansas Metroplex and Branson, Missouri, and prosper in its participation in the local retail, commercial, and residential market. Forward-Looking Statements Disclaimer: This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: „anticipate,” „believe,” „continue,” „could,” „estimate,” „expect,” „intend,” „may,” „ongoing,” „plan,” „potential,” „predict,” „project,” „should,” „will,” „would,” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time the statements are made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainty and other factors that may cause our results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this press release. This press release should be considered in light of all filings of the Company that are contained in the Edgar Archives of the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov. CategoriesUncategorized TagsOTC PINK:HIHI, OTC:HIHI, PINKSHEETS:HIHI Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Board of Investment of Thailand: EEC Jumpstart Brings Thailand Closer to Become Key ASEAN Investment and Technology Hub Next PostNext 2012-2022 Report on Global Ruminant Feed Additives Market Competition, Status and Forecast, Market Size by Players, Regions, Type, Application Search Recent Posts Acoustic Doppler Current Profilers (ADCP) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price North America Diamond-Like Carbon Coating Market Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2022 Genium Consolidated Feed (GCF) – Test Environment GCF TST3 Available North America Biodiesel Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2022 Australian Employers are Getting Better at Supporting Working Parents RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Make Save Borrow Grow Live More Deals The Best and Worst Things to Buy in May Guest Blogger May 2, 2017 Photo by Svitlana Sokolova / Shutterstock.com The Best and Worst Things to Buy in May 0 This post comes from partner site, DealNews. From Mother’s Day to Memorial Day, May is a busy month for retailers and shoppers alike. In addition to being the unofficial start of the summer, it also marks the time of year when we start spending more time outdoors, and that can lead to additional spending. But before you purchase a new grill or try on any summer apparel, check out these recommendations on the best (and worst) products you can buy this month: Party supplies You’ve got a long season of barbecues, cookouts, and get-togethers ahead of you, so save money by buying in bulk to prepare for them. Check Memorial Day sales at superstores and online retailers like Amazon, Walmart, Target and Jet.com, where you might be able to get a coupon for 10 percent off everything. Then stockpile paper dishes, cups, paper towels and whatever else you need to entertain. Spring clothes As with other holidays, “Memorial Day sales” have now crept all the way to the start of May. We see them beginning four weeks early! But 90 percent of Memorial Day deals still come out in the week of Memorial Day, including 90 percent of the Editors’ Choice deals, so you’re safe waiting. While many sales will tease you with deals on summer clothing, the best savings will actually be on spring apparel. (Summer apparel is always cheaper during the months of August and September, when retailers are trying to clear out any inventory that consumers didn’t buy.) Spring apparel will see its deepest discounts of the year during Memorial Day weekend, and we expect to see deals from Uniqlo, Macy’s, Amazon, Saks Fifth Avenue, Sierra Trading Post, Gap and Eddie Bauer. Look for discounts of 20 percent to 90 percent off. Meanwhile, designer brands like Ralph Lauren, Calvin Klein and Cole Haan will also offer discounts, which will range from 30 percent to 50 percent. However, you won’t want to settle for a mere sale price, as most stores will also have coupons offering deeper discounts. Look for coupons taking up to an extra 40 percent off. Saks Fifth Avenue has offered free shipping on some orders with a coupon, as did Eddie Bauer. Check out the coupon center for promos from your favorite stores, and be sure to peruse our entire Memorial Day sales guide. This will all mean accessories like leather belts from $3, casual linen dresses from $9 and men’s casual shirts from $4. Large appliances, kitchen appliances and cookware Last year, more than 20 percent of all Memorial Day weekend sales were for home items, including appliances and kitchen supplies. Williams-Sonoma and Chef’s Catalog will be cutting prices by 60 percent and 70 percent, respectively. Also look for big sales from Sears, JCPenney and Cymax. These sales will drop a countertop convection oven (toaster oven) to $45 and upright vacuums from $75. Dishwashers start at $295 ($165 off), and washers start at $300. Mattresses It’s not just the prices that make May such a great time to buy a mattress, it’s the number of choices. Memorial Day traditionally brings big sales in which stores offer discounts on large selections of their mattresses, not just individual items. If you’re flexible on the specific type of mattress you buy, then don’t settle for anything less than 50 percent off. Also look for stackable coupons, which could take 10 percent to 40 percent off already-discounted items. Retailers to follow include Sears, JCPenney, Overstock, Macy’s and US-Mattress. Star Wars sales May 4 is Star Wars Day. (Get it? “May the ‘fourth’ be with you!”) And we are seeing a ton of deals on toys and other merchandise in honor of this completely fan-created holiday. Last year, we saw lots of deals on Star Wars figurines in particular, from bobbleheads to Disney Infinity figures. Look for deals of at least 30 percent off, dropping bundles of figurines to under $20. Home and office furniture Need a new desk or wheeled chair? We saw a huge burst of deals on office furniture last May, with a ton of all-time price lows. It’s unclear exactly why, but some say it’s because many people are setting up home offices after tax day in April; others think it’s stores clearing out indoor furniture as attention shifts to outdoor items. In addition to predictable stores for office-related deals like Office Depot, Staples, Walmart and Target, be sure to check out Quill, another office supply store with great deals on their in-house furniture brand. At these stores, look for spacious laminate desks from $60 and high-backed executive wheeled chairs from $50. Spring is also the time when stores clear out their home furniture inventory to make way for new lines. Look to Rooms to Go and Cymax for 10 to 20 percent off dining and living room sets. Walmart will have shelving and entertainment centers from $13. Nontraditional Mother’s Day gifts As we get closer to the second Sunday in May, traditional Mother’s Day gifts will get more and more expensive. This includes jewelry, perfume and certain women’s clothing items, not to mention the ubiquitous Mother’s Day brunch. Instead of splurging on something generic, try something personal instead. Photo printing is always a great way to preserve memories, and last year, Walgreens offered an 8-by-10-inch photo enlargement print absolutely free. Online photo printing sites charge for shipping, but offer free magnets, art prints, and more. As for brunch, remember that breakfast in bed and a bottle of prosecco will save you a bundle over a bottomless mimosa prix fixe in a restaurant. And if the weather’s good, head to a local park for a picnic or go on a stroll. Swimsuits May usually has three times as many swimwear deals as April, and twice as many Editors’ Choice deals as June. Get women’s suits for as little as $3 before they triple in price next month and through the summer. Check Walmart, Kmart and Dick’s Sporting Goods for deals. Next Page It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 351,788 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit 15 Tips for a Super-Profitable Yard Sale A yard sale is just clearing your clutter, right? Wrong. It's an opportunity to become a master of marketing and merchandising. Here's how to make more money with less sweat. 13 Simple Ways to Save on Your Summer Vacation New Email Phishing Scam Targets Amazon Shoppers 9 Ways to Profit From Broken Electronics Vanguard Cuts Fees for Largest Stock Funds, 80 Other Investments Trump Open to Gas Tax Hike — Here's How to Cut Your Fuel Costs 5 Simple Ways to Save Money on Every Online Purchase What You Need to Know About Buying or Selling a Timeshare Property Comments The Best and Worst Things to Buy in May Get rich quick one day at a time Sign up for our free newsletter for ways to make, save, and grow your money daily: Submit 351,788 happy subscribers 120,979 12,126 You Can’t Be Financially Secure Without These 10 Products 20 Clever Ways to Make Extra Money Here’s How You Can Actually Get Paid to Lose Weight 6 Ways to Get Your Official FICO Score Free 7 Painless Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Years Earlier How to Refinance Your Car Loan for Long-Haul Savings How to Get Amazon Prime and HBO Free 9 Golden Rules for Landing the Best Mortgage You Can How to Earn Extra Money by Doing Things You’re Already Doing 2,042 Active Deals The U.S. Geological Survey offers a Lifetime National Parks Pass for Senior Citizens (age 62 or above) for $10. To get this price, you'll need to purchase it in person at one of these locations. The price of this pass is set to increase to $80 sometime this year, as reported by the AARP. It grants access to all 417 national parks and over 2,000 other recreation areas. Alternatively, you can buy one online for $20 plus $5 for shipping. Senior Citizen Lifetime National Parks Pass for $10 The U.S. Geological Survey offers a Lifetime National Parks Pass for Senior Citizens (age 62 or above) for $10. To ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 3 days ago Cafago offers the Free Sat V7 HD DVB-S2 Satellite TV Receiver for $26.08. Coupon code "ZV2126MG" cuts that to $19.58. With free shipping, that's the lowest price we could find by $3. It features HDMI output and enables you to freely receive thousands of HDTV programs via satellite. Note: This item ships from mainland China and may take up to four weeks to arrive. Free Sat V7 DVB-S2 Satellite TV Receiver for $20 + free s&h from China Cafago offers the Free Sat V7 HD DVB-S2 Satellite TV Receiver for $26.08. Coupon code "ZV2126MG" cuts that to $19.58. ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 8 hr ago Macy's takes an extra 50% off a selection of cosmetics, skincare, and other beauty items. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders bag free shipping. That's tied with our mention from a week ago as the best sale we've seen on a selection of beauty items at Macy's in over a year. Discounted brands include Elizabeth Arden, Lancome, SmashBox, and BareMinerals. Macy's Beauty Sale: Extra 50% off + free shipping Macy's takes an extra 50% off a selection of cosmetics, skincare, and other beauty items. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 15 hr ago United Airlines via ShermansTravel offers United Airlines 1-Way Flights to Las Vegas, NV, from select cities in the U.S. for as low as $28.20. (On the ShermansTravel landing page, click on "United.com" in the main paragraph to see this sale.) That's the lowest price we could find for select routes in spring by at least $26. This price is valid on flights departing on June 6 from San Francisco, CA, (SFO) with arrival in Las Vegas, NV, (LAS). This sale includes routes Los Angeles, CA, (LAX); Denver, CO, (DEN); Miami, FL, (MIA); and more. Book this travel deal by May 31. All prices, dates, and booking details were valid at the time of publication. United Airlines Fares to Las Vegas from $28 1-Way United Airlines via ShermansTravel offers United Airlines 1-Way Flights to Las Vegas, NV, from select cities in the U.S. for ... Read more. Updated: 5 days 10 hr ago United Airlines via ShermansTravel offers United Airlines 1-Way Flights to California, from select cities in the U.S. for as low as $28.20. (On the ShermansTravel landing page, click on "United.com" in the main paragraph to see this sale.) That's the lowest price we could find for select routes in spring by at least $26. This price is valid on flights departing on June 6 from Las Vegas, NV, (LAS) with arrival in San Francisco, CA, (SFO). This sale includes routes to Los Angeles, CA, (LAX); Santa Ana, CA, (SNA); San Diego, CA, (SAN); and more. Book this travel deal by May 15. All prices, dates, and booking details were valid at the time of publication. United Airlines Fares to California from $28 1-Way United Airlines via ShermansTravel offers United Airlines 1-Way Flights to California, from select cities in the U.S. for as low ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 10 hr ago Select third-party sellers via eBay take an extra 20% off a variety of home items, apparel, electronics, outdoor items, and more on orders of $25 or more via coupon code "PERFECTSTART" when you checkout with PayPal. (Scroll down to see the sellers involved listed on this page; a maximum discount of $50 applies.) Plus, most orders bag free shipping. Warranty information for open-box or refurbished items, where available, is on individual product pages. This coupon can be used twice per PayPal account. Deal ends May 4. Note: Be sure to check out some of the great deals we've listed that make use of this coupon. eBay Coupon: Extra 20% off $25 or more + free shipping Select third-party sellers via eBay take an extra 20% off a variety of home items, apparel, electronics, outdoor items, and ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 18 hr ago Southwest Airlines via DealBase discounts Southwest Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting at $38.98. (On the DealBase landing page, click on "Southwest Airlines" in the top line to see this sale.) That's a buck below our mention from last week and the lowest price we could find for select routes on comparable airlines today by $69. This price is valid for flights departing on May 17 from Las Vegas, NV, (LAS) with arrival in Long Beach, CA, (LGB). This sale includes 200 routes, including Chicago, IL, (MDW); San Francisco, CA, (SFO); Orlando, FL, (MCO); and more. Note that blackout dates and other conditions may apply. Book this travel deal by May 4 for travel from May 16 through November 2. All prices, dates, and booking details were valid at the time of publication. Southwest Nationwide Fares from $39 1-way Southwest Airlines via DealBase discounts Southwest Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting at $38.98. (On the DealBase landing page, ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 9 hr ago Walmart (and various third-party merchants) cuts up to 60% off a selection of raised garden beds. Plus, orders of $35 or more qualify for free shipping; otherwise, it starts at $5.99. (Select items may also be available via in-store pickup.) A couple of best bets: BCP 8x2-Foot Vegetable Raised Garden Bed for $64.95 (pictured, low by $29) BCP 3-Tier Raised Vegetable Garden Bed for $84.95 ($115 off) Raised Garden Beds at Walmart: Up to 60% off + free shipping w/ $35 Walmart (and various third-party merchants) cuts up to 60% off a selection of raised garden beds. Plus, orders of $35 ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 3 days ago NeweggFlash offers the Annke 8-Channel 4-Camera 1080p Security System for $79.99 with free shipping. That's $11 under our March mention of a similar system and $50 below the best price we could find for a similar system today. It includes an 8-channel, 1080p DVR system, four 720p wired cameras, and Gigabit Ethernet. Deal ends May 11. Annke 8-Ch. 4-Camera 1080p Security System for $80 + free shipping NeweggFlash offers the Annke 8-Channel 4-Camera 1080p Security System for $79.99 with free shipping. That's $11 under our March mention ... Read more. Updated: 1 hr 20 min ago Nordstrom cuts up to 50% off a selection of beauty items and accessories. Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Find great deals on items like skin cleansers, lip gloss, cosmetic bags, and nail polish. Beauty Sale at Nordstrom: Up to 50% off + free shipping Nordstrom cuts up to 50% off a selection of beauty items and accessories. Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Find ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 16 hr ago Sears cuts up to 30% off a selection of Craftsman outdoor storage. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, save even more on select purchases via the storewide coupons on this page. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge shipping charges, which start at $69.99 for most large items. (Smaller items receive free shipping with orders of $49 or more.) Some exclusions apply. Craftsman Outdoor Storage at Sears: Up to 30% off + coupons Sears cuts up to 30% off a selection of Craftsman outdoor storage. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, save even more ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 1 day ago Cafago offers this Multifunctional Indoor LCD Weather Display and Alarm Clock for $8.49. Coupon code "ZE2182MG" drops it to $6.84. With free shipping, that's the lowest price we could find by $3. It features a voice-activated backlight and displays the time, date, temperature, and humidity. This item ships from China, with an estimated ship time of 10 to 20 business days. Multifunctional Indoor Weather Alarm Clock for $7 + free s&h from China Cafago offers this Multifunctional Indoor LCD Weather Display and Alarm Clock for $8.49. Coupon code "ZE2182MG" drops it to $6.84. ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 12 hr ago Blue Rhino cuts $3 off via this mail-in rebate when you purchase a Blue Rhino Ready-to-Use Propane Tank, with or without exchanging a tank. A one item limit applies. Rebate expires December 31. Blue Rhino Ready-to-Use Propane Tank $3 off via rebate Blue Rhino cuts $3 off via this mail-in rebate when you purchase a Blue Rhino Ready-to-Use Propane Tank, with or ... Read more. Updated: March 6, 2017 Walmart offers the Mainstays Microsuede Rocker Recliner in Beige for $139 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by $8. It measures 35" x 38" x 40-1/2" and features a multi-position reclining mechanism with discreet trigger release, spring core seat, and fully padded chaise. Mainstays Microsuede Rocker Recliner for $139 + free shipping Walmart offers the Mainstays Microsuede Rocker Recliner in Beige for $139 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could ... Read more. Updated: 9 hr 27 min ago Frontier Airlines via DealBase offers Frontier Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting from $28.99. (On the DealBase landing page, click on "Frontier Airlines" in the top line to see this offer.) That's the lowest price we could find for select routes today by at least $11, although we saw such fares for a buck less last week. This price is valid for flights departing on May 17 from Atlanta, GA, (ATL) with arrival in Orlando, FL, (MCO). This sale includes 50 routes, with flights to Minneapolis, MN, (MSP); Cleveland, OH, (CLE); Denver, CO, (DEN); and more. Book this travel deal by May 3 for travel from May 17 through June 7. Prices, dates, and booking details were valid at the time of publication. Frontier Airlines Nationwide Fares from $29 1-way Frontier Airlines via DealBase offers Frontier Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting from $28.99. (On the DealBase landing page, ... Read more. Updated: 13 hr 5 min ago It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Sign up for our free newsletter to receive our daily deals roundups by email! Macy's takes an extra 30% to 60% off many items sitewide. (Prices are as marked.) Pad your order with a beauty item (they start at $4) to bag free shipping; otherwise, shipping adds $10.95. (Orders of $49 or more bag free shipping automatically.) Some Exclusions apply. Macy's Sale: Extra 30% to 60% off + free s&h w/beauty item Macy's takes an extra 30% to 60% off many items sitewide. (Prices are as marked.) Pad your order with a ... Read more. Updated: 1 week ago Crocs cuts 50% off a selection of its men's, women's, and kids' shoes as part of its Flash Sale. (Discount applies in-cart.) Better yet, take an extra $15 off $75 via coupon code "SAVE15" or an extra $20 off $100 via coupon code "SAVE20". Shipping adds $4.99, but orders of $24.99 or more bag free shipping. Deal ends today. Crocs Flash Sale: 50% off + free shipping w/ $25 Crocs cuts 50% off a selection of its men's, women's, and kids' shoes as part of its Flash Sale. (Discount ... Read more. Updated: 6 hr 45 min ago Adorama discounts a selection of cameras, camera accessories, printers, TVs, and more as part of its Overstock Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts around $4, but many items qualify for free shipping. Adorama Overstock Sale Adorama discounts a selection of cameras, camera accessories, printers, TVs, and more as part of its Overstock Sale. (Prices are ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 1 day ago Anaheim Manufacturing and Moen has announced a voluntary recall of several 3/4- and 1-horsepower garbage disposals from various brands due to an impact hazard. Although no injuries have known to occur, 22 cases have been reported of a defect in which a metal component inside the disposal breaks off and comes out of the disposal during use. (In three of the cases, a consumer was hit by the object.) Affected units were sold nationwide and in Canada from December 2015 through March 2017 and include brands such as Waste King, Moen, Kenmore, Frigidaire, and Franke. Customers are advised to immediately stop using these disposals and contact Anaheim Manufacturing to arrange for a free replacement garbage disposal to be installed at no cost to the consumer. Click here for contact information and a list of affected brands and models. Garbage Disposal Recall (several brands) Anaheim Manufacturing and Moen has announced a voluntary recall of several 3/4- and 1-horsepower garbage disposals from various brands due ... Read more. Updated: April 11, 2017 Macy's offers a selection of comforter sets for $24.99. Coupon code "FRIEND" cuts them to $18.74 each. Pad your order with a beauty item (prices start at $4) to bag $3 for shipping; otherwise, shipping adds $13.95. (You can also spend $25 or more to qualify for $3 shipping, and in-store pickup may be available for select styles.) That's a savings of $62 for per set. Deal ends May 7. Comforter Sets at Macy's for $18 + $3 s&h w/ beauty item Macy's offers a selection of comforter sets for $24.99. Coupon code "FRIEND" cuts them to $18.74 each. Pad your order ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 10 hr ago Nestea offers its Nestea Iced Tea 18.5-oz. or 23-oz Bottle for free via this short form. Within four to six weeks, you'll receive a coupon to use at a local retail store. Deal ends June 19; coupon expires July 31. Note: You can also use this coupon to cut $1.79 off a Nestea Iced Tea 0.5-Liter 6-Pack or 24-Pack. Nestea Iced Tea 18.5-oz. or 23-oz Bottle for free Nestea offers its Nestea Iced Tea 18.5-oz. or 23-oz Bottle for free via this short form. Within four to six ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 5 days ago XpectMoreForLess via eBay offers the FDW Bathroom Shower Head and Faucet Set for $39.99. Apply coupon code "PERFECTSTART" and check out via PayPal to drop it to $31.99. With free shipping, that's $4 under our mention from March and the lowest price we could find now by $18. It features brass construction, chrome finish, an 8" x 8" square shower head, and handheld sprayer. Deal ends May 4. Note: This coupon can be used twice per PayPal account. FDW Bathroom Shower Head and Faucet Set for $32 + free shipping XpectMoreForLess via eBay offers the FDW Bathroom Shower Head and Faucet Set for $39.99. Apply coupon code "PERFECTSTART" and check ... Read more. Updated: 18 hr 34 min ago Walmart offers the Hanes Men's Jersey Shorts with Pockets in several colors Black (pictured) from $3.35. Choose in-store pickup to drop that to $3.03. (Amazon charges the same price with free shipping via Subscribe & Save.) That's the lowest price we could find by $2. They come in select sizes from S to XL. Hanes Men's Jersey Shorts with Pockets for $3 + pickup at Walmart Walmart offers the Hanes Men's Jersey Shorts with Pockets in several colors Black (pictured) from $3.35. Choose in-store pickup to ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 18 hr ago Nordstrom Rack takes up to 80% off a selection of The North Face men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Shipping adds $7.95, or get free shipping on orders of $100 or more. Kids' apparel starts at $11.97, women's activewear at $14.97, and men's jackets at $49.97. The North Face at Nordstrom Rack: Up to 80% off + free shipping w/ $100 Nordstrom Rack takes up to 80% off a selection of The North Face men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 3 days ago TechRabbit takes up to 93% off a selection of new and refurbished headphones and headsets, with prices starting at $9.99. Plus, all items receive free shipping. Discounted brands include Beats by Dr. Dre, Apple, LG, Samsung, and Bose. Note: A 1-year TechRabbit warranty applies for all refurbished items. Headphones and Headsets at TechRabbit: Up to 93% off + free shipping TechRabbit takes up to 93% off a selection of new and refurbished headphones and headsets, with prices starting at $9.99. ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 17 hr ago Sears cuts up to 30% off a selection of storage sheds. (Select models have a larger discount; prices are as marked.) Plus, save even more on select purchases via the storewide coupons on this page. Choose in-store pickup to avoid shipping fees, which adds up to $69.99, or get free shipping on select models. Of note, Shop Your Way Rewards members will earn a Sears credit with this purchase and may be eligible for additional credits and discounts. Storage Sheds at Sears: Up to 30% off + coupons Sears cuts up to 30% off a selection of storage sheds. (Select models have a larger discount; prices are as ... Read more. Updated: April 4, 2017 At Ticketmaster, buy one ticket for select performances nationwide and get a second ticket for free via coupon code "TMN241". (Enter your ZIP to choose your area. After choosing your event, select this offer under ticket type. Available seats will display once you've entered the code.) That's tied with our mention from last week as the best offer we've seen from Ticketmaster in the last year. Tickets can be purchased via "Print at Home" or "Will-call". Ticketmaster coupon Buy 1 ticket, get 1 free At Ticketmaster, buy one ticket for select performances nationwide and get a second ticket for free via coupon code "TMN241". ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 10 hr ago Northern Tool takes up to 75% off a selection of clearance items. Plus, take an extra $10 off orders of $50 or more via coupon code "252524", an extra $20 off orders of $100 or more via coupon code "252525", or an extra $50 off orders of $250 or more via coupon code "252521". Where available, opt for in-store pickup to avoid shipping costs, which start at $5.99. (Free shipping is available for select items.) Deal ends May 16. A couple of best bets, with prices after noted coupons: Ironton Triple Tap Retractable 40-Foot Cord Reel for $59.99 + pickup via "252524" (low by $40) Flo n' Go Duramax 14-Gallon Gas Caddy for $79.99 + $0 s&h via "252525" (pictured, low by $20) Northern Tool Clearance Sale: Up to 75% off + coupons Northern Tool takes up to 75% off a selection of clearance items. Plus, take an extra $10 off orders of ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 4 days ago Deal Genius offers the Xia Mao Fantasy Wide-Brim Sun Hat 2-Pack in six four colors (Beige pictured) for $9.99 $12 with free shipping. That's $18 off list price and the best deal we could find. Each features an inner mesh lining and adjustable chin strap. Xia Mao Fantasy Wide-Brim Sun Hat 2-Pack for $12 + free shipping Deal Genius offers the Xia Mao Fantasy Wide-Brim Sun Hat 2-Pack in six four colors (Beige pictured) for $9.99 $12 ... Read more. Updated: April 11, 2017 Walmart discounts a selection of women's clearance sleepwear and robes, with prices starting from $2 $2.50. Opt for in-store pickup to avoid the $5.99 shipping charge, or get free shipping on orders of $35 or more. Note that sizes and stock are limited. Women's Clearance Sleepwear at Walmart from $3 + free shipping w/ $35 Walmart discounts a selection of women's clearance sleepwear and robes, with prices starting from $2 $2.50. Opt for in-store pickup ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 1 day ago More Deals × It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 351,788 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit About Advertise Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah ... × Join 351,788 happy subscribers and sign up for our free newsletter! You'll get: Tips and advice from our expert money reporters. (Our average experience is 18 years!) Unexpected ways to make more and spend less, delivered to you daily. The best deals and coupons to save on everything you buy. A free PDF stuffed full of 205 ways to save and a free money course valued at $34.95! Submit 120,979 12,126
Another section of Highway 67 to close - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Investigates Andy's Consumer Tip of the Week SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News First Alert Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) First Alert: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast First Alert Traffic Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities breaking Another section of Highway 67 to close 2017-05-02T12:50:47Z2017-05-02T13:15:52Z Posted by Region 8 Newsdesk, Digital BioEmail Connect Biography news@kait8.com Follow @Region8News (Source: KAIT) POCAHONTAS, AR (KAIT) - The Arkansas State Highway and Transportation Department will close another section of U.S 67 in Pocahontas Tuesday. An AHTD official says the highway between Walmart and McDonald's will be closed by 8 a.m. BREAKING NEWS: The last few cars are crossing and then 67 is closed by Walmart in Pocahontas. #arwx pic.twitter.com/eRnbBI6Jxe— Ryan Vaughan (@ryanvaughan) May 2, 2017 U.S. 67/62 between Pocahontas and Corning was closed Monday. City and county officials expected water in that area to rise about two inches per hour. Region 8 News will have more information as details emerge. Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for up to the minute updates. Copyright 2017 KAIT. All rights reserved. Watch Region 8 News On Demand: On your Desktop | On your Mobile device Region 8 News App - Install or update on your: iPhone | Android News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> NCAA tennis Tournament Invites Tigers, Rebels, Razorbacks Tennis Tigers make NCAA tournament Tennis Tigers make NCAA tournament Updated: Tuesday, May 2 2017 11:34 PM EDT2017-05-03 03:34:47 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) For the 5th time in 6 years, the University of Memphis Men's Tennis Team is going to the Big Dance of the NCAA Tournament.  More >> For the 5th time in 6 years, the University of Memphis Men's Tennis Team is going to the Big Dance of the NCAA Tournament. More >> Mississippi voters elect municipal leaders Mississippi voters elect municipal leaders Updated: Tuesday, May 2 2017 11:14 PM EDT2017-05-03 03:14:39 GMT Mississippi cities held municipal elections Tuesday and early results show Allen B. Latimer retains his seat as Horn Lake mayor. More >> Mississippi cities held municipal elections Tuesday and early results show Allen B. Latimer retains his seat as Horn Lake mayor.More >> Police raid possible chop shop in Nutbush Police raid possible chop shop in Nutbush Updated: Tuesday, May 2 2017 10:59 PM EDT2017-05-03 02:59:00 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) Neighbors in the Nutbush area have a lot of questions about what people were doing at an abandoned house. More >> Neighbors in the Nutbush area have a lot of questions about what people were doing at an abandoned house.More >> New bike lanes to connect Riverfront to FedExForum New bike lanes to connect Riverfront to FedExForum Updated: Tuesday, May 2 2017 10:54 PM EDT2017-05-03 02:54:42 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) The City of Memphis is planning new bike lanes to connect the Riverfront to FedExForum. More >> The City of Memphis is planning new bike lanes to connect the Riverfront to FedExForum.More >> Dozens of Memphians receive clean start after expungement Dozens of Memphians receive clean start after expungement Updated: Tuesday, May 2 2017 10:49 PM EDT2017-05-03 02:49:47 GMT Tennessee Capitol Building (Source: Public Domain) The Tennessee House of Representatives passed a bill that allows an individual to apply to have their record expunged if they were convicted or a felony or misdemeanor prior to November 1, 1989. More >> The Tennessee House of Representatives passed a bill that allows an individual to apply to have their record expunged if they were convicted or a felony or misdemeanor prior to November 1, 1989. More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Teen jumps into Bass Pro Shops aquarium Teen jumps into Bass Pro Shops aquarium Posted: Tuesday, May 2 2017 10:10 AM EDT2017-05-02 14:10:27 GMT Updated: Tuesday, May 2 2017 10:18 AM EDT2017-05-02 14:18:08 GMT The native fish in the signature Bass Pro Shops tank got quite a stir when an unidentified teen decided to pull the stunt. Teens at other stores across the country have posted the prank on social media.More >> The native fish in the signature Bass Pro Shops tank got quite a stir when an unidentified teen decided to pull the stunt. Teens at other stores across the country have posted the prank on social media.More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest The best tablets of 2017 for kids These colorful tablets are the perfect learning tools for your young kids. Post to Facebook The best tablets of 2017 for kids These colorful tablets are the perfect learning tools for your young kids.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2qeNZZQ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Reviews Deals Electronics Home & Outdoors The best tablets of 2017 for kids Nick Schmiedicker , Reviewed.com Published 11:25 a.m. ET April 28, 2017 | Updated 3:28 p.m. ET April 28, 2017 114 Shares The Best Tablets for Kids  (Photo: Reviewed.com) — Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. Our picks and opinions are independent from any business incentives. When it comes to finding the right tablet for your kid it's hardly even a competition. If you want the best one, you should get the Amazon Fire Kids Edition. It's affordable, comes packed with features that are great for education and play, and has an absolutely killer 2-year damage guarantee policy that nets you a free replacement, no questions asked. That doesn't mean there aren't participation trophies to hand out. We researched over 20 tablets to pick the best, which is good news if Amazon doesn't quite match what you're looking for. Just be careful: a cheap tablet can cost you hundreds of dollars in extra content if you're not careful. While we strongly recommend the Fire, there are other great options out there. Each of our finalists come with a protective bumper case, feature robust parental controls, and have some small offering of pre-installed apps and games for kids. But only one can be the best.  (Photo: Reviewed.com / TJ) Amazon Fire Kids Edition - Best Overall, Best Value While it doesn't have the same brand association as, say, LeapFrog or PBS Kids, Amazon has gone above and beyond to make sure the Fire Tablet for Kids has everything parents and kids could be looking for. It has a kid-proof case to protect against drops and bumps and whatever else a kid might do. And believe me, I tried tossing it around myself; it really works. The parental controls are robust and let you control your child's screen time. You can set daily limits, or even set educational goals that will block access to games and cartoons until your kid spends some time learning new things. Which ties into the Fire for Kid's killer app: Amazon FreeTime. You'll get 1 year of Amazon FreeTime Unlimited when you buy the tablet. (After that it's $2.99 a month for a single child if you're a Prime member.) It's a subscription for kids (ages 3-12) with thousands of kid-friendly books, movies, TV shows, educational apps, and games. Better yet, they all come from brands like Disney, Nickelodeon, Sesame Street, PBS Kids, and more. But far and away, the best feature that's unique to the Fire Tablet for Kids is the 2-year worry-free guarantee. Doesn't matter if your kids are destructive, messy, or both. If the tablet breaks, Amazon will replace it for free—no questions asked. Ideally, you'll never need the replacement, but let's be real—it's good to have. Add it all up, and the Fire is easily the best tablet for your kids. Where to Buy: $99.99 at Amazon $99.99 at Best Buy $97.97 at Walmart LeapFrog Epic LeapFrog makes a mind-boggling number of tablets, and the Epic is the top one. It's also the only one with the features that can go toe-to-toe with the impressive Fire Tablet for Kids: a bumper case, pre-installed educational software, and extensive parental controls. So what else is there to make the Epic worth a purchase? For starters, there's "Just for Me Learning." An intuitive software that personalizes games and apps based on right or wrong answers in the educational games. Rather than a neat tray of icons, the customizable home screen is an interactive world filled with animated characters, weather, and prompts for learning games. It's a nice touch that makes the Epic truly feel like it was designed for kids first. These features aren't revolutionary, but they are a great way to make sure your kids actually use the tablet you buy for them. Still, the Epic costs a lot more than the Fire and lacks the worry-free guarantee. Where to Buy: $91.99 at Amazon $91.99 at Walmart PBS KIDS Playtime Pad As far as educational content goes, the tablet from PBS Kids has it where it counts. It comes preloaded with 25 educational games and 120 PBS Kids video clips, songs, and music videos. And if that's not enough, the tablet also has access to the Google Play Store where you can find even more great content for your kids. It's a great all-around tablet, with direct access to a plenty of material that your kids will be familiar with, like Daniel Tiger and The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About That! If you want something cheaper than the Fire, I'd highly recommend taking a look at the PBS Kids Playtime Pad. You might not get a free replacement guarantee, but it's still an amazing value. Where to Buy: $67.00 at Amazon $74.99 at Best Buy $79.99 at Walmart Samsung Galaxy Tab E Lite Kids Edition The Samsung Galaxy Tab E-Lite Kids Edition is similar to the other tablets I checked out, but it doesn't really bring anything new to the table. It has the bumper case to help with inevitable drops, parental controls to help limit content, okay battery life, and a healthy selection of apps and games. The biggest difference is the three-month subscription to Samsung Kids, a service filled with educational content from DreamWorks Animation, Sesame Street, National Geographic, and others. Unfortunately, that just doesn't stack up to the 1-year free membership for Amazon FreeTime—especially when you factor in the tablet itself is about $30 more expensive. Where to Buy: $127.99 at Amazon $129.99 at Best Buy $127.99 at Walmart $129.99 at eBags.com NeuTab Kids Tablet There's a reason the NeuTab is the cheapest option on our list (at the time of publishing), there just isn't much going on here. It has some of the basic features of other tablets on our list, but nothing that impressive. It also runs on an older version of Android, so you can expect slow load times for everything and it has limited storage capacity. I know the low price tag is tempting and your toddler might not notice how slow it takes for a game to load. But anything you get for your kids tablet, you're going to have to deal with, too. So, do yourself a favor: Spend a little bit more and make both your life and your child's life easier. Where to Buy: Buy now at Amazon $59.99 at Walmart Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2qeNZZQ Most Popular Don't wait for summer. Start grilling in your kitchen for under $100 Hate cleaning? Now Amazon’s Alexa can vacuum your home, too 10 things you can buy that will make you less stressed Replace your gross pillows with Amazon’s top-sellers at a seriously low price The perfect time to try a tablet: The Amazon Fire is on sale 19 gorgeous Mother's Day gifts your Mom will love
ReleaseWire Sign Up Login Services Distribution NewsWire MediaWire SBWire Engagement CRM Connect Publisher For Journalists Journalists Center Process Create Distribute Analyze Respond Newsroom Press Releases Multimedia Help About Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (HIHI) Email Alerts| RSS Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. Is Negotiating the Acquisition of Several Income Producing Properties in One of the Fastest Growing Cities in the Country   Holiday Island, AR -- (ReleaseWire) -- 05/02/2017 --Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (OTCMKTS:HIHI), a development stage company operating in the land development sector of the market, announced today that it is in negotiations with the largest realtor in the Northwest Arkansas Metro (NWA) to identify and negotiate the acquisition of income producing properties in booming NWA. NWA is the third fastest growing metro in the U. S. fueled by the global corporate giants headquartered there including WalMart, Tyson Foods, J.B. Hunt Transportation, and the cultural presence of the University of Arkansas and Crystal Bridges Art Center. Gene Thompson, CEO of Holiday Island Holdings says, "we are pleased to make this announcement as the NWA offers sustainable high growth and returns in one of the most affluent metros in the U. S. "This development expands our opportunity to add high yield commercial income producing properties to the Company, and develop residential property revenues with the sale of Holiday Island properties as second homes as the NWA Metro is 30 miles from Holiday Island." The Company's main goals for 2017 are to finalize a multi-million dollar fund raise and become a significant player in local commercial and residential markets at Holiday Island, Arkansas." Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. will keep both its shareholders and public completely informed of the entire process as the details continue to develop. Please watch for regular press releases about the Company's progress. For additional information, please visit the Company's website at www.holidayislandholdings.com. About Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (OTCMKTS:HIHI) Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. is operating its core business in land development in a continued effort to acquire and further develop income producing commercial and residential real estate located in Holiday Island, Arkansas and in nearby NWA. The company is in the process of further developing a town poised to become the largest community between Northwest Arkansas Metroplex and Branson, Missouri, and prosper in its participation in the local retail, commercial, and residential market. Forward-Looking Statements Disclaimer: This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "ongoing," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "will," "would," or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time the statements are made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainty and other factors that may cause our results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this press release. This press release should be considered in light of all filings of the Company that are contained in the Edgar Archives of the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov. HIHI Contact: Gene Thompson, CEO & Chairman Phone: 479-244-6047 Email: sgenethompson@gmail.com Website: www.holidayislandholdings.com Source: Uptick Newswire Media Relations Contact Gene Thompson Email | Web | Profile Follow Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (HIHI)   Source: Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (HIHI) Posted Tuesday, May 02, 2017 at 8:00 AM CDT - Permalink   For information regarding the content of this press release please contact the media relations contact listed above directly. Security Policy | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Report Abuse Copyright © 2005 - 2017 - ReleaseWire LLC All Rights Reserved - Important Disclaimer Try it now with OnDemand
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. May 02, 2017 09:00 ET Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. is Negotiating the Acquisition of Several Income Producing Properties in one of the Fastest Growing Cities in the Country HOLIDAY ISLAND, AR--(Marketwired - May 2, 2017) - Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (OTC PINK: HIHI), a development stage company operating in the land development sector of the market, announced today that it is in negotiations with the largest realtor in the Northwest Arkansas Metro (NWA) to identify and negotiate the acquisition of income producing properties in booming NWA. NWA is the third fastest growing metro in the U.S. fueled by the global corporate giants headquartered there including Walmart, Tyson Foods, J.B. Hunt Transportation, and the cultural presence of the University of Arkansas and Crystal Bridges Art Center. Gene Thompson, CEO of Holiday Island Holdings says, "We are pleased to make this announcement as the NWA offers sustainable high growth and returns in one of the most affluent metros in the U.S. "This development expands our opportunity to add high yield commercial income producing properties to the Company, and develop residential property revenues with the sale of Holiday Island properties as second homes as the NWA Metro is 30 miles from Holiday Island." The Company's main goals for 2017 are to finalize a multi-million dollar fund raise and become a significant player in local commercial and residential markets at Holiday Island, Arkansas." Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. will keep both its shareholders and public completely informed of the entire process as the details continue to develop. Please watch for regular press releases about the Company's progress. For additional information, please visit the Company's website at www.holidayislandholdings.com. About Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (OTC PINK: HIHI): Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. is operating its core business in land development in a continued effort to acquire and further develop income producing commercial and residential real estate located in Holiday Island, Arkansas and in nearby NWA. The company is in the process of further developing a town poised to become the largest community between Northwest Arkansas Metroplex and Branson, Missouri, and prosper in its participation in the local retail, commercial, and residential market. Forward-Looking Statements Disclaimer: This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "ongoing," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "will," "would," or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time the statements are made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainty and other factors that may cause our results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this press release. This press release should be considered in light of all filings of the Company that are contained in the Edgar Archives of the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov. Contact Information HIHI Contact: Gene Thompson CEO & Chairman Phone: (479) 244-6047 Email: sgenethompson@gmail.com Website: www.holidayislandholdings.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. From this industry Financial Services Real Estate and Construction Travel and Hospitality From this sub-industry Retail Banking Commercial and Investment Banking Venture Capital Investment Services and Trading Residential Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Construction Hotels Tourism Casinos/Gambling See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Fort Smith City Administrator admits city should have told citizens about recycling problem Year-to-date Arkansas tax revenue up 0.4%, below the budget forecast by $87.5 million Swath of Pocahontas underwater, more flooding predicted throughout Northeast Arkansas Lawmakers wrap-up key bills of special session after long debate on $103 million contingency fund Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fort Smith City Administrator admits city should have told citizens about recycling problem Year-to-date Arkansas tax revenue up 0.4%, below the budget forecast by $87.5 million Swath of Pocahontas underwater, more flooding predicted throughout Northeast Arkansas House Speaker files resolution to outline impeachment proceedings, lawmaker says Judge Griffen is target Lawmakers wrap-up key bills of special session after long debate on $103 million contingency fund Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith City Administrator admits city should have told citizens about recycling problem Swath of Pocahontas underwater, more flooding predicted throughout Northeast Arkansas CBID votes to allow demolition of 80-year-old building in downtown Fort Smith The city of Fort Smith has sent almost 1,500 tons of recyclables to landfill Video / Podcasts AG Rutledge says mid-May the earliest that new Arkansas execution schedule could be set in motion Senate President Dismang shares thoughts on healthcare, taxes and executions TB&P Daily: Rex Nelson and Richard Bearden share stories on the life and legacy of former Congressman Jay Dickey TB&P Daily: John Brummett on Arkansas executions and playing tennis at the White House with Jay Dickey U.S. Rep. Bruce Westerman says healthcare reform has to happen Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail ATRI releases list of 6 research priorities for 2017 The Supply Side: Wal-Mart suppliers could see new opportunities with Lidl P.A.M. first quarter earnings fall 22%, revenue rises 5% Trucking industry pushes feds for hair testing guidelines for drug testing Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Kelly Hale Syer named executive director of Downtown Springdale Alliance BusinessNorthwest ArkansasTourism by Talk Business & Politics staff (staff2@talkbusiness.net) 18 hours ago 271 views  Tags: Downtown Springdale Alliance 0 SHARES Share Tweet The Downtown Springdale Alliance has hired Kelly Hale Syer as its new executive director, the nonprofit announced in a press release on Monday (May 1). She will replace Misty Murphy, who is resigning. Syer has 25 years of experience, most recently as director of development at Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art in Bentonville. Before that, she was director of development at Symphony of Northwest Arkansas from 2000 to 2003, advertising manager of the food service division at Tyson Foods until 2006 and senior manager of public affairs at Cox Communications for about 10 years, according to her LinkedIn page. She started her career with roles at Wal-Mart Stores and the University of Arkansas and her experience includes positions in public relations, marketing, recruitment, community affairs, event planning and fundraising, according to the press release. “On behalf of the board of the Downtown Springdale Alliance, I want to congratulate Kelly Syer on becoming our new executive director,” Heather Chilson, chair of the DSA board, said in the press release. “Kelly has a wealth of experience in the community relations and communications fields in Northwest Arkansas and is well respected by everyone who knows her. We are excited about her joining our team to help further the cause of revitalizing downtown Springdale. “I also want to thank Misty Murphy for everything she has done for nearly two years at DSA.  She has been great in this job and will be missed, but we expect her to continue as a volunteer contributor to our efforts,” Chilson said. In the executive director role, Syer will be tasked with “providing creative leadership, vision and management to support continued development and vibrancy of both downtown Springdale and the organization itself, advance downtown initiatives, craft the overall downtown experience and generate transformative ideas for the district,” according to the release. Syer will take a leadership role in the implementation of the city’s infrastructure improvement plan of the Downtown Master Plan and will advocate for and provide project management for urban development projects, according to the release. “It is a true honor to accept the role as Downtown Springdale Alliance’s executive director,” Syer said in the press release. “I have watched with excitement the passion and many concerted efforts local residents and community leaders have invested in Springdale’s downtown. Building upon the organization’s existing energy and momentum of bringing people together to celebrate the city’s rich history while creating engaging new traditions is a key to Springdale’s future growth, and I can’t wait to be part of it all.” Comments comments Previous post Governor kicks off special session, asks lawmakers for healthcare reforms, reserve fund Next post AETN, Northwest Arkansas Fab Lab workshop for middle school girls planned May 20 Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Laura Andress Recruiting ‘outside the box’ Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, drug money, ‘far away eyes,’ and gum and trinkets Barbara Taylor Delegation can boost enterprise value Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Latest Popular Fort Smith City Administrator admits city should have told citizens about recycling problem 3 hours ago Year-to-date Arkansas tax revenue up 0.4%, below the budget forecast by $87.5 million 4 hours ago Swath of Pocahontas underwater, more flooding predicted throughout Northeast Arkansas 4 hours ago House Speaker files resolution to outline impeachment proceedings, lawmaker says Judge Griffen is target 5 hours ago Lawmakers wrap-up key bills of special session after long debate on $103 million contingency fund 7 hours ago Broker, City Director Keith Lau launches plan for new development in downtown Fort Smith  4,334 views Southwestern Energy plans to double drilling in Moorefield Shale in north-central Arkansas 4,270 views For banker Johnny Allison, there’s nothing like a little Cuban credit, opportunity and hospitality 2,047 views Weldon, Williams & Lick to expand in deal with Florida ticket company 1,999 views Winery owner makes plunge into Arkansas’ burgeoning cheese industry 787 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Search by category: #FreeZone9Bloggers 000 10 Aaron Maasho Abe Dabela Abel Tesfaye Accident accused Across Africa addis ababa Addis News AddisZena Affordable Care Act AFP Africa Africa Protest African Migrants African Union al-Qaida Al-Shabab Albab Dabela Alemayehu G.Mariam Amharic Amharic Excerpt Below Anbesa Advertising Andargachew Andargachew Tsige Arebian countries Art Art & Culture Artist asylum Ato Wubeshet Ato Wubeshet Workalemahu Ato Wubshet attack Barack Obama Barack Obama Ethiopia Barack Obama in Ethopia BBC Blog Blu party Ethiopia Blue Nile River boat Business Life & Style Money Travel Can't Feel My Face Canada china Christiane Amanpour CNN Comminity conflict convicted Crime DAA dead Death Died Dire Dawa Djibouti Dr. Tedros Adhanom Dublin Dublin Airport DV Lottery Earned It East Africa Economy Edom Kassaye Egypt EIB Election 2010 Eng. Yilkal Entertainment Environment EPRDF Eritrea Eritrean ESAT ESAT TV Ethiopia Ethiopia and Sudan Ethiopia visit Obama Ethiopian Ethiopian airlines Ethiopian Airlines flight Ethiopian government Ethiopian government spy Ethiopian journalists Ethiopian lawyer ethiopian news Ethiopian Opposition Ethiopian politics Ethiopian Protest Ethiopian Review Ethiopians in UAE Ethiopians Killed ETV Europe European Investment Bank Executed Fashion Featured Federico Fossi film FinFisher FM Freed Ethiopian Germany Commerzbank Ghana Ginbot 7 Gondar group Hacking Team Hacking Team Ethiopia Hailemariam Desalegn Health HOB Human Rights Human Rights Council human rights record inaugural flight Internal Foreign Office investment Ireland Jimmy Fallon Kassahun Addis Kenya killed King Lalibela Kulebi Lake Tana Libya Lip Sync Battle Listen Interview Below Living Local London Los Angeles Mahlet Fantahun Major Garrett Mediterranean Sea Meles Zenawi Middle East Migrant Crisis Mission Impossible Mr Obama murder Mushasha Harisi music Must Watch NAACP National Bank Negere Ethiopia New York City News News Videos Nigeria Nigerian President Nile Noah Real Estate North Africa Obama Obama African union Obama Ethiopia Obama Ethiopia Visit Obama Ethiopian visit Obama in Ethiopia Obama in Kenya Obama visit Ethiopia opposition People Philip Hammond Police Politics President Barack Obama President Kenyatta President Obama President Uhuru Kenyatta Press Conference Rateneh Fassil record Redding Police Department RELATED Related Abel Tesfaye Reuters Reuters Jonathan Ernst RTE Saudi Arabia Saudi Press Agency Second Amendment Seife Tefera Semayawi Semayawi Party shot Sings Abel Tesfaye Somalia Source Reuters South Africa Sport African Cup Athletics Football Soccer World Cup Sports Sudan support Susan Rice Technology Tedros Adhanom The Guardian Timkat Ethiopian Epiphany Tom Cruise U.S. UK UN Uncategorized UNHCR United States Crime US. Video Video Library Video News Videos Visit Ethiopia VOA Washington Post WATCH White House Wikileaks win World World Cup 2010 World Cup 2014 yilkal Getnet Yilkal Getnet Semayawi youtube Zelalem Kibret Zone 9 Zone 9 bloggers አማርኛ Contact Us Links Ethiopiaforums.com Home EthioForum ኢትዮፎረም EBC Live Ethiopia Ethiopia: Accountability and the Rule of Law in Developmental, Democratic State by Zelalem May 3, 2017 Ethiopia: Infrastructure Investment for FDI Inflow by Zelalem May 2, 2017 Ethiopia: Minister Calls for Religious Extremism Annihilation by Zelalem May 2, 2017 Ethiopia will fight unconstitutional activities held under guise of religion – Minister by Zelalem May 2, 2017 Ethiopia has ATM-like kiosks that load pirated movies on your USB stick by Zelalem May 2, 2017 Downloads Music Sheger FM Links Ethiopia ethiopian news Home Ethiopia has ATM-like kiosks that load pirated movies on your USB stick Ethiopia has ATM-like kiosks that load pirated movies on your USB stick by Zelalem May 2, 2017 5 Views Share: Share Twit Google+ E-mail Move over Blu-Ray: Ethiopia has some killer content distribution vending machines that spit out the latest movies straight to your USB stick – no discs required. Disguised as unassuming ATM points, the bright yellow kiosks act as full-fledged self-service media distributors and can be readily found in local malls across the country, TorrentFreak reports. As you might guess, the legalities of setting up such machines are highly questionable, to say the least. “We’re hunting for awesome startups” Run an early-stage company? We’re inviting 250 to exhibit at TNW Conference and pitch on stage! See Also:  Ethiopia sentences 2 accused al-Shabaab members to prison “At the beginning of this year, All Mart (the Walmart equivalent here) brought in a new machine. It’s basically a monitor with a USB port but shaped like an ATM. It’s called SwiftMedia and there’s a guy who ‘maintains’ it,” a source told TorrentFreak. “Basically you go to this very big store and you approach the machine and you plug in a USB drive. The screen will turn on and it will let you browse through a massive archive of movies.” Here are a couple of photos of the machine: The SwiftMedia kiosks are reportedly maintained by a company called Escape Computing, selling various affordable packages for 25, 50 and 100 birr (or approximately $1, $2, and $4). Feature movies purportedly cost between three and five birr to download. “At first I assumed these movies had their rights lifted or something because well, you know, but then I later found out that the movies I had first seen were just there on release day,” the source further said. Adding that, “[a]pparently the maintenance guy torrents all day and stores the data on his drive, the drive shown by the SwiftMedia monitor. This would not have been a big deal as this is Ethiopia and the allegedly democratic government has bigger issues.” Meanwhile, if you happen to be an avid movie watcher straight out of IT school, give Escape Computing a shout – they might have a job for you. on TorrentFreak Read next: The world’s last male northern white rhino is now on Tinder to help sustain the species Mix is a tech writer based in Amsterdam that loves cinema and probably hates the movies that you like. Tell him everything you despise about his work on Twitter or pitch him your terrible ideas via email. Contact Mail Tweet Location Amsterdam Posts 668 Posts / mo. 33.46   All posts by Dimitar > Read More News Here Source link Share Twit Google+ E-mail #*Ethiopia #day #Ethiopian #found #USB #writer Share: Previous Post Ethiopia is facing a killer drought. But it’s going almost unnoticed. Next Post Ethiopia will fight unconstitutional activities held under guise of religion – Minister Related Articles Ethiopia Ethiopia: Accountability and the Rule of Law in Developmental, Democratic State by Zelalem May 3, 2017 Ethiopia Ethiopia: Infrastructure Investment for FDI Inflow by Zelalem May 2, 2017 Ethiopia Ethiopia: Minister Calls for Religious Extremism Annihilation by Zelalem May 2, 2017 You Might Also Like Economy Sheraton Addis to suspend operations due to un agreements with labour union by Ethiopiaforums February 5, 2011 ESAT TV ESAT DC Daily News 7 January 2013 by admin January 8, 2013 Ethiopia CPJ accuses Ethiopia of intensifying press crackdown – Sudan Tribune by Zelalem November 21, 2016 Post Comment Cancel reply Comment Name Email Website Recent Posts 2018 DV Lottery result status check begins May 2, 2017 Ethiopia: Accountability and the Rule of Law in Developmental, Democratic State Ethiopia: Infrastructure Investment for FDI Inflow Ethiopia: Minister Calls for Religious Extremism Annihilation EthioForum Links Popular Posts DV Lottery 2013 Result Open Today . Applicants can check Diversity Visa Status Ethiopia: 2012 Diversity Visa (DV Lottery) Results Now Available How to check DV Lottery status on DVLottery.state.gov website Egypt angered by the new Tana Beles dam, Trying to block the new Nile deal AddisCards Watch Ethiopian Videos at KonjoTube.com Free Ethiopian Software CategoriesCategories Select Category #FreeZone9Bloggers 000 10 Aaron Maasho Abe Dabela Abel Tesfaye Accident accused Across Africa addis ababa Addis News AddisZena Affordable Care Act AFP Africa Africa Protest African Cup African Migrants African Union al-Qaida Al-Shabab Albab Dabela Alemayehu G.Mariam Amharic Amharic Excerpt Below Anbesa Advertising Andargachew Andargachew Tsige Arebian countries Art Art & Culture Artist asylum Athletics Ato Wubeshet Ato Wubeshet Workalemahu Ato Wubshet attack Barack Obama Barack Obama Ethiopia Barack Obama in Ethopia BBC Blog Blu party Ethiopia Blue Nile River boat Business Can’t Feel My Face Canada china Christiane Amanpour CNN Comminity conflict convicted Crime Crime DAA dead Death Died Dire Dawa Djibouti Dr. Tedros Adhanom Dublin Dublin Airport DV Lottery Earned It East Africa Economy Edom Kassaye Egypt EIB Election 2010 Eng. Yilkal Entertainment Environment EPRDF Eritrea Eritrean ESAT ESAT TV Ethiopia Ethiopia and Sudan Ethiopia visit Obama Ethiopian Ethiopian airlines Ethiopian Airlines flight Ethiopian government Ethiopian government spy Ethiopian journalists Ethiopian lawyer ethiopian news Ethiopian Opposition Ethiopian politics Ethiopian Protest Ethiopian Review Ethiopians in UAE Ethiopians Killed ETV Europe European Investment Bank Executed Fashion Featured Federico Fossi film FinFisher FM Football Freed Ethiopian Germany Commerzbank Ghana Ginbot 7 Gondar group Hacking Team Hacking Team Ethiopia Hailemariam Desalegn Health HOB Human Rights Human Rights Council human rights record inaugural flight Internal Foreign Office investment Ireland Jimmy Fallon Kassahun Addis Kenya killed King Lalibela Kulebi Lake Tana Libya Life & Style Lip Sync Battle Listen Interview Below Living Local London Los Angeles Mahlet Fantahun Major Garrett Mediterranean Sea Meles Zenawi Middle East Migrant Crisis Mission Impossible Money Mr Obama murder Mushasha Harisi music Must Watch NAACP National Bank Negere Ethiopia New York City News News Videos Nigeria Nigerian President Nile Noah Real Estate North Africa Obama Obama African union Obama Ethiopia Obama Ethiopia Visit Obama Ethiopian visit Obama in Ethiopia Obama in Kenya Obama visit Ethiopia opposition People Philip Hammond Police Politics President Barack Obama President Kenyatta President Obama President Uhuru Kenyatta Press Conference Rateneh Fassil record Redding Police Department RELATED Related Abel Tesfaye Reuters Reuters Jonathan Ernst RTE Saudi Arabia Saudi Press Agency Second Amendment Seife Tefera Semayawi Semayawi Party shot Sings Abel Tesfaye Soccer Somalia Source Reuters South Africa Sport Sports Sudan support Susan Rice Technology Tedros Adhanom The Guardian Timkat Ethiopian Epiphany Tom Cruise Travel U.S. UK UN Uncategorized UNHCR United States US. Video Video Library Video News Videos Visit Ethiopia VOA Washington Post WATCH White House Wikileaks win World World Cup World Cup 2010 World Cup 2014 yilkal Getnet Yilkal Getnet Semayawi youtube Zelalem Kibret Zone 9 Zone 9 bloggers አማርኛ Archives Archives Select Month May 2017  (15) April 2017  (193) March 2017  (216) February 2017  (196) January 2017  (226) December 2016  (200) November 2016  (182) October 2016  (210) September 2016  (206) August 2016  (168) July 2016  (138) June 2016  (130) May 2016  (18) April 2016  (18) March 2016  (22) February 2016  (26) January 2016  (24) December 2015  (17) November 2015  (115) October 2015  (165) September 2015  (157) August 2015  (168) July 2015  (183) June 2015  (162) May 2015  (206) April 2015  (177) March 2015  (157) February 2015  (185) January 2015  (241) December 2014  (146) November 2014  (142) October 2014  (174) September 2014  (81) August 2014  (40) July 2014  (39) June 2014  (44) May 2014  (50) April 2014  (41) January 2014  (9) December 2013  (2) November 2013  (2) October 2013  (1) September 2013  (1) August 2013  (4) July 2013  (21) June 2013  (34) May 2013  (30) April 2013  (18) March 2013  (17) February 2013  (20) January 2013  (69) December 2012  (16) November 2012  (27) October 2012  (43) September 2012  (37) August 2012  (65) July 2012  (53) June 2012  (51) May 2012  (94) April 2012  (46) March 2012  (23) February 2012  (23) January 2012  (30) December 2011  (35) November 2011  (39) October 2011  (51) September 2011  (55) August 2011  (74) July 2011  (47) June 2011  (65) May 2011  (52) April 2011  (69) March 2011  (74) February 2011  (90) January 2011  (95) December 2010  (61) November 2010  (44) October 2010  (36) September 2010  (21) August 2010  (6) July 2010  (62) June 2010  (77) May 2010  (117) April 2010  (64) © Copyright 2017 Ethiopiaforums.com · Designed by Theme Junkie
Sign In Home News Videos Reviews Editorials Scoops Features Fan Fic CBM Index About Members Homecoming Headlines Videos Spectacular SPIDER-MAN: HOMECOMING Funko Pop Exclusives Feature An Unmasked Peter Parker And More Funko has unveiled some amazing exclusives for Spider-Man: Homecoming, and among the highlights are a glow in the dark Vulture, Ultimate Iron Man, and Peter Parker suited up (sans mask)... Josh Wilding | 5/2/2017 Filed Under: "Homecoming" Funko Pops are often quite hard to track down, but retailer exclusives are really tough to get your hands on. The company has today unveiled figures which will be on sale in stores including GameStop, Target, Best Buy, Hot Topic, and Walmart, and as you can see, they're all pretty damn spectacular.  The unmasked versions of Tom Holland's Peter Parker in Spider-Man: Homecoming are particularly cool, as is the glow in the dark Vulture and Ultimate Iron Man which comes bundled with Spidey. Starring Tom Holland, Michael Keaton, Zendaya, Donald Glover, Jacob Batalon, Laura Harrier, Tony Revolori, Tyne Daly, Bokeem Woodbine, Marisa Tomei, Robert Downey Jr., and almost countless others, Marvel's Spider-Man: Homecoming is directed by Jon Watts and will be released on July 7th, this year. +1 DISCLAIMER: ComicBookMovie.com is protected under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and... [MORE] DISCLAIMER: ComicBookMovie.com is protected from liability under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and "Safe Harbor" provisions. This post was submitted by a volunteer contributor who has agreed to our Code of Conduct. CBM will disable users who knowingly commit plagiarism, piracy, trademark or copyright infringement. Please contact us for expeditious removal of copyrighted/trademarked content. Learn more about our copyright and trademark policies HERE. [LESS] From The Web Comments (19) Related Headlines Spectacular SPIDER-MAN: HOMECOMING Funko Pop Exclusives Feature An Unmasked Peter Parker And More Peter Parker, Tony Stark, & Happy Hogan Smile For The Camera In New BTS Pics From SPIDER-MAN: HOMECOMING Spidey Holds On In A Spine-Tingling New Photo From SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING Top Headlines GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY POP!s And IMAX Tickets To Be Had By One Lucky CBM User! AGENTS OF S.H.I.E.L.D. Season 4, Episode 21 Promo: "The Return" - SPOILERS Ahead New Promo For Marvel's THE DEFENDERS Teases The Return Of Elodie Yung As Evil Elektra LOGAN Blu-Ray Release Date And Full List Of Special Features For Limited Edition Version Revealed Visit Our Other Sites! From The Web ComicBookMovie.com Home CBM Index | Site Map | About Privacy | Terms Of Use | Contact | Advertise With Us | Copyright Policies | Trademark Policies © 2003-2017 Best Little Sites, LLC. ComicBookMovie.com® is a registered trademark and has been officially registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). All logos and images used on this website are registered trademarks of their respective companies. All Rights Reserved. Some of the content presented on our sites has been provided by fans, other unofficial websites or online news sources, and is the sole responsibility of the source from which it was obtained. Best Little Sites is not liable for inaccuracies, errors, or omissions found herein. For removal of copyrighted images, trademarks, or other issues, Contact Us.
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 #1359, 06 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap Squarespace   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac EagleFiler 1.7.6 Parallels Desktop 12.2.0 Lightroom CC 2015.10 and Lightroom 6.10 Evernote 6.11 OmniFocus 2.9     Related Articles A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Setting Up Accessories and Rooms (16 Jan 17)     Other articles in the series A Prairie HomeKit Companion Using Philips Hue Lights as a Hurricane and Tornado Alert (03 Mar 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Fine Tuning with the Other “Home” App (21 Feb 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Automating Your Home (10 Feb 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Controlling Accessories (16 Jan 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Setting Up Accessories and Rooms (16 Jan 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Core Concepts (03 Nov 16) Getting Started with the Philips Hue Smart Light Bulbs (01 Aug 16)     Published in TidBITS 1367. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Take Control Books Acquired by Joe Kissell Three Reasons to Try the Opera Web Browser Apple’s New Clips App Is iMovie for the Social Age ExtraBITS for 1 May 2017 TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 1 May 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 01 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (10) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Two Smart Outlets by Josh Centers The Centers clan is in the midst of a move. We outgrew the old prairie home — my current office often looked like an outtake from the show “Hoarders” — so we’re moving on to greener pastures. But the hustle, bustle, and boxes (so many boxes) make it difficult to review HomeKit accessories properly until we get resettled. That’s why I’d like to talk about one of the simplest types of home automation accessory you can buy: the humble smart outlet. Smart outlets are an excellent way to get started with HomeKit because they’re cheap, simple, and easy to reposition. Just plug a smart outlet into an ordinary wall outlet, plug an appliance into the smart outlet, do a little software setup, and you’re done. Before you invest in a smart outlet, be aware of their limitations. All they do is toggle power on and off to any connected appliances. They won’t dim your lights or adjust the output of your heater. They work best with devices that activate when plugged in, especially those with “hard” switches like electric heaters, fans, lamps, and window air conditioning units. Unsure if a particular appliance will work with a smart switch? Plug it into a power strip and turn on the device. Then turn the power strip off and back on. If your appliance kicks back on, you know that it will work well with a smart outlet. Which smart outlet should you buy? I’ll discuss two that I own: the Elgato Eve Energy and the iHome iSP5. The kind folks at Tin Drum PR provided me with the Eve Energy — it retails for about $50 — while I purchased the iHome iSP5 from Walmart for about $40. iHome also offers the fancier iSP8, which includes a physical remote control, for about $50. The Eve Energy and the iHome iSP5 are similar devices, but if you see them side by side, you immediately notice the size difference. The face of the Eve Energy is square — about 2.5 inches (6.35 cm) wide and long — and 1.125 inches (2.86 cm) thick. The iSP5 is about 2.75 inches (6.98 cm) wide, 1.375 inches (3.49 cm) tall, and 1.4375 inches (3.65 cm) thick. In other words, the iHome is about half as tall but a little thicker than the Eve Energy. Depending on your particular situation, one may fit better than the other. Even though the Eve Energy is larger overall, its thinner profile makes a better option in tight spaces such as behind bookcases. Both smart outlets feature a manual power button. The iSP5’s button, which you press to turn the outlet on and off, is tucked away in the upper-right corner. The Eve Energy’s button is right on the front, but you must hold the button down for a few seconds to turn it on and off. As far as setup and operation goes, both set up quickly in Apple’s Home app, which I covered in “A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Setting Up Accessories and Rooms” (16 January 2017). Both smart outlets also offer their own apps, but I usually don’t like to fool with them. They seldom provide any important advantage over Apple’s Home app and generally make things more complicated. The entire point of HomeKit is that you have a central interface for all of your home automation items, regardless of vendor. As far as using the smart outlets in Home, it’s a simple as tapping the icon to turn them on or off. Of course, you can also use them in Scenes and Automations. However, Apple’s Home app lacks one nice feature available from both Elgato’s Eve Energy app and the iHome Control app: power consumption monitoring. iHome’s app requires an online account, but Elgato’s doesn’t, so if you’re interested in that feature, I recommend the Eve Energy. In fact, iHome Control won’t even record those statistics until you create an account, but Eve Energy will quietly gather them in the background with no intervention necessary. I also find Eve Energy much better than iHome Control overall because it’s a full-service HomeKit controller. In contrast, iHome Control seems to work with only a few of my HomeKit devices. The main functional difference between these two smart outlets is that the iHome iSP5 relies on Wi-Fi, whereas the Eve Energy communicates via Bluetooth. The iSP5 is the winner here because Wi-Fi has much better range and responsiveness than Bluetooth. Elgato announced the Eve Extend Bluetooth range extender at CES 2017, but it has yet to materialize. Overall, I recommend the slightly cheaper iHome iSP5 over the Elgato Eve Energy unless Bluetooth is preferable to Wi-Fi in your environment, you’re particularly interested in power consumption monitoring, or the iSP5 is too thick for a tight space. If you’re curious about HomeKit automation, you can’t go wrong with a smart outlet like the iHome iSP5. It’s cheap, easy to set up, simple to uninstall, and a breeze to operate. Not only that, but these outlets are versatile, working with many different plug-in appliances. They may not be as much fun as the Philips Hue lights, but they’re easier on the bank account (see “Getting Started with the Philips Hue Smart Light Bulbs,” 1 August 2016). That’s all from the Prairie HomeKit Companion for now. I’ll check in again soon once I’ve had a chance to experiment with an entirely new house layout.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Leonard Smith, David Lipsky, Howard Kaufman, and Robert Meagher for their generous support!   Comments about A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Two Smart Outlets To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Amidst the chaos of a house move, Josh Centers takes a break to tell you about two HomeKit-compatible smart outlets that are easy to take with you wherever you may go. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Greg  2017-05-01 22:19 $50 ≠ cheap. But home automation seems to have many hurdles to overcome beyond price. How many apps and hubs does one need to make anything sensible? And there will almost always be the need to be able turn lights on and off without phones and apps—wives, kids, guests, etc. I am still intrigued though, geek that I am. But if my wife or a guest cannot walk into a room and turn on a light without detailed instructions it's not going to happen. Added to that is that iHome comes up with a warning about not working with future versions of iOS. So we set up rules using an app and then the app no longer functions. That'a winner! Reply Josh Centers   2017-05-02 09:14 I was skeptical of home automation, too, which is part of my motivation for writing this series. How many apps and hubs do you need? In my setup, I only really need the Hue app and the Hue hub; I can do everything else with the built-in Home app. Lights can still be turned on and off with a simple switch — the smart outlets I discuss here act as secondary switches, so if they're on, the light functions as normal. There are also smart switches now on the market, which I hope to cover in the near future. The iHome smart outlet should work as long as Apple supports HomeKit, whether the iHome app works or not. Reply Josh Centers   2017-05-02 09:25 Also, $50 is cheap in the home automation world. Reply Anton Rang  2017-05-02 00:33 I have a few of the iDevices switches (Wi-Fi, ≈$50). They generally work pretty well for me, and monitor energy usage without the need for an online account. The side plug is a bit unusual, but helps in situations where there’s not much room to add depth behind furniture, and allows the built-in light to be much larger. While I don’t really use it as a nightlight, I’ve set up scenes which switch the light color so that I can easily see at a glance whether the switch is on or not. That comes in handy with my home audio/video center, since the TV, DVD, etc. can be turned “off” but still drawing power if the switch was left on. Occasionally Siri won’t see the devices on the first try, particularly if I’m waking the phone up and immediately requesting a scene change. I’m not sure if that’s an issue with these devices or related to the phone not waiting long enough to detect them on the network. Reply Jean-Pierre SMITH  2017-05-02 03:18 This would be useful to me if I could command the smart outlet from the mac automation (when it says "ON" or "OFF"). I currently use Task Till Dawn for mac automation (for my night backups) and the outlets I use in conjunction with it to power "ON" and "OFF" my clones are just timers. Reply wieland hartwig   2017-05-02 06:25 I'm not sure about home automation. It is so primitive! I can do all of it in a jiffy by just flicking a switch. I don't need to use a computer or a phone to do that. Also, I generally know what the wattage of the appliance is that I use. I use my seniour brain to keep track of power usage. I don't get it. Reply Josh Centers   2017-05-02 09:25 I didn't get it either until I started using it. I thought, "Why would I spend all this money on these fancy Hue bulbs when I can just get up and flick a switch?" But a switch can't turn on your lights at a given time of day. A wall switch won't let you adjust your lights from your couch. Unless your house is wired for it, you can't flick a switch before entering a dark room. And I can't wait to have a smart thermostat so I can adjust the temperature of my house without leaving my bed. Our temperatures fluctuate wildly here in Tennessee, so you can go to bed warm and wake up at 2 AM shivering. That's going to be even more important in the new house since my thermostat will be downstairs and my bedroom upstairs. Reply HiC  2017-05-02 12:21 I have an iDevices switch in my kitchen with an electric kettle plugged into it. That way, whether from bed in the morning upon waking up, the couch in the evening watching Tv, or driving home from work and a few minutes away from home, I can just say, « Hey Siri, it's Teatime » and, voilà, hot water for tea is awaiting me upon getting up or arriving home. Sometimes, it's the little things that start to make the automation appealing and worthwhile. :) Reply David Chew  2017-05-02 17:10 Ah, the thermostat. My 92 yr old father-in-law moved in with us after he fell at night adjusting the thermostat. Our HVAC broke the next spring and when we replaced it, we installed a NEST. He would call me when I was at work and I would adjust the thermostat from my iPhone. A bit later I upgraded him from his flip phone to an iPhone and now he is able to adjust the thermostat by himself. Vital to him, since he broke a hip and a leg since he moved in and is no longer able to stand by himself. Reply Josh Centers   2017-05-02 17:39 Wow, that's amazing! Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Amidst the chaos of a house move, Josh Centers takes a break to tell you about two HomeKit-compatible smart outlets that are easy to take with you wherever you may go. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
× Please Subscribe to Continue Reading. Become a digital subscriber today and enjoy unlimited access to the Omaha World-Herald anytime, anywhere. If you are a 7-day print subscriber, unlimited digital access is included in your subscription and you simply need to set up an online account. If you need help, please contact our office at 1-844-311-9811 or email owhdigital@ggl.bhmginc.com. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Digital only subscription Sign up now for a digital only subscription to omaha.com for just $9.95 a month.  As a digital only subscriber you have access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper. $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for non 7 day print subscribers Upgrade your less than 7 day World-Herald print subscription now for access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper for just $9.95 per month.   $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for 7 day print subscribers Full access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper is available at no charge to 7 day print subscribers.  Free access for current print subscribers Get Started Interested in a print subscription that includes digital access? Click here × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 51° Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics 2017 Omaha election Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone NebHSRecruiting.com The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Dining reviews Food Prowl: Omaha's best Living The Better Half Momaha Good News Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Fitness Nutrition Sex & Relationships Health Inspiration Meet Me at the Gym Race photos Live Well Nebraska Magazine Live Well Challenge Race calendar Consumer Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials Bellevue Leader Gretna Breeze Papillion Times Ralston Recorder In The Game World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Search job listings Join our Team Inside Business Legal Notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 51° Broken Clouds Omaha, NE (68102) Today Mainly cloudy. Slight chance of a rain shower. High 64F. Winds SE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight A few clouds. Low near 45F. Winds N at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 3, 2017 @ 12:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits Close 1 of 6 Pete Festersen  Buy Now REBECCA S. GRATZ/THE WORLD-HERALD Omaha City Councilman Ben Gray Chris Jerram Jim Rogers Brinker Harding Omaha City Councilwoman Aimee Melton Close Buy Now The Omaha City Council REBECCA S. GRATZ/THE WORLD-HERALD Editorial: Our choices for Omaha City Council World-Herald editorial May 2, 2017 +5  Pete Festersen  +5  Buy Now Omaha City Councilman Ben Gray REBECCA S. GRATZ/THE WORLD-HERALD +5  Chris Jerram +5  Jim Rogers +5  Brinker Harding +5  Omaha City Councilwoman Aimee Melton Omahans will vote by district in the May 9 general election to choose the next City Council. Two candidates will be on the ballot in six of the seven districts. The current City Council has worked constructively on issues, and Omahans will be well served if the council continues in a positive fashion. Council members have crucial responsibilities. They need to address key issues — including street maintenance, public safety, garbage collection and tax policy — while helping the city reach its full potential for economic development. Our recommendations are Pete Festersen in District 1, Ben Gray in District 2, Chris Jerram in District 3, Jim Rogers in District 4, Brinker Harding in District 6 and Aimee Melton in District 7. Rich Pahls is uncontested on the ballot in District 5. In the contested races: » Pete Festersen, District 1: A past president of the City Council seeking his third term, Festersen has been an energetic, knowledgeable leader. The city adopted his proposal for electronic reporting on property crimes, and he was a key figure in lining up support and funding for the streetscape renovations in Benson, Florence and Dundee. He has promoted fiscal discipline and adding new police officer positions. He has demonstrated the ability to work constructively with others, including colleagues, neighborhoods and developers. » Ben Gray, District 2: Gray, the current City Council president, has led the council steadily. He presses the mayor to help lure economic development and jobs to his north Omaha district. With private help, he has had some success, including a new Walmart and a coffee shop. Gray is still seeking industrial growth. And he is adamant about the need to restore the 16th Street link between north Omaha and downtown. He says it will aid development near Creighton University and connect overlooked neighborhoods. He’s right about the need for riverfront and Crossroads development. » Chris Jerram, District 3: Jerram, running for a third term, demonstrates a strong command of city issues, describing specifics on issues such as policing, economic development and boosting employment opportunities for low-income people and those transitioning from jail or prison. He has promoted communication between developers and neighborhoods in his district in order for projects to proceed smoothly. He has been a strong champion of increasing funding for Heartland Workforce Solutions, which helps impoverished residents gain work readiness. » Jim Rogers, District 4: Rogers says his background as a staffer for former-U.S. Rep. Brad Ashford and as former executive director of the Nebraska Democratic Party prepare him well for finding common ground with members of a sometimes-divided City Council. To catch up on street repairs, he stressed the city’s need for a comprehensive plan. He says any streetcar project has to wait until the city is caught up on street repairs and resurfacing. And he wants to see city leaders pay more attention to the city’s role in improving neighborhood aesthetics around South Omaha’s vibrant small business community. » Brinker Harding, District 6: Harding’s background equips him with wide-ranging knowledge of Omaha issues that can allow him to hit the ground running on the City Council. He was chief of staff to former-Mayor Hal Daub and currently chairs the City Planning Board. Harding ably describes how city government operates and the factors affecting economic development in Omaha. He is articulate and thoughtful in talking about the city’s need to pursue economic growth in all parts of Omaha and the factors, positive or negative, that affect growth opportunities. » Aimee Melton, District 7: Melton, seeking a second term, is an impressively focused and well-informed City Council member. She speaks well to the range of city issues. She emphasizes sound fiscal management and working to provide property tax relief while funding essential services. She touts an energy-efficiency incentive proposal to encourage economic development and says a carefully constructed strategic plan is the way to go in addressing the city’s backlog of street maintenance needs. She points to instances where she used her skills as a trained mediator to bring conflicting parties together. Capable leadership on the City Council is critical to a stronger future for Omaha. In the May 9 general election, our recommendations in the contested races are Pete Festersen in District 1, Ben Gray in District 2, Chris Jerram in District 3, Jim Rogers in District 4, Brinker Harding in District 6 and Aimee Melton in District 7. Buy Now The Omaha City Council REBECCA S. GRATZ/THE WORLD-HERALD +5  Pete Festersen  +5  Buy Now Omaha City Councilman Ben Gray REBECCA S. GRATZ/THE WORLD-HERALD +5  Chris Jerram +5  Jim Rogers +5  Brinker Harding +5  Omaha City Councilwoman Aimee Melton Tags Politics City Council Chris Jerram Brinker Harding Omaha Ben Gray Pete Festersen Economic Development Recommended for you Comments disabled. Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Koterba Caption Contest Jeff Koterba JeffreyKoterba.com Editorial cartoonist Jeffrey Koterba has been at the World-Herald for 25 years. Check out his website for a video interview with Jeff and to pick up a copy of his critically acclaimed memoir, "Inklings." Cartoon book: "Koterba: Drawing You In" A collection of 25 years of editorial cartoons from World-Herald editorial cartoonist Jeff Koterba. Since 1989 he has delivered humorous, and often biting, commentary on everything from politics to potholes to pop culture. Jeff tells how he does it and shows you some of his favorites. 'Twitches Can Take You Far': Jeff Koterba at TEDxUNO Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion ePaper Full site index Buy & sell Autos, Cars, New & Used Vehicles Classifieds Daily Deal Omaha FindIt Real Estate & Homes in Omaha Jobs Omaha, Employment Legal notices Weekly ads Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team Omaha.com, Omaha, Neb. ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Forgot Password?   Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Retail Roundup with Taylor Hood Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 61° Share Police name man shot and killed in SE Albuquerque on Friday By Katy Barnitz / Journal Staff Writer Tuesday, May 2nd, 2017 at 12:05am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. — Police have identified the man who was shot and killed in southeast Albuquerque on Friday as 42-year-old Harvey Saavedra and they’re still looking for leads in the case. Saavedra’s family is desperate for answers as they grapple with the death of the father of three. Police were called around 6 p.m. Friday to the 8000 block of Zuni SE near Pennsylvania where they found Saavedra shot to death near a mobile home park. Saavedra’s sister, Amy Valverde, described her brother as loving and dedicated to his family, though he had a troubled past, and had been in and out of jail and prison. Advertisement Continue reading “He was trying to get better,” she said. “He went back and served his time. That’s all we know.” Online court records show Saavedra was convicted in 1999 of second-degree murder. A Journal story from 1999 reported that Saavedra, then 24, was arrested in connection to the beating death of a 40-year-old man. Court records show he was convicted in 2014 of taking his 7-year-old nephew on a Walmart shoplifting spree. Confronted by security, Saavedra ran, leaving the boy in the cart. Over the years, he’d been accused of property and drug-related crimes. Still, his friends and family on Sunday lamented on Facebook the passing of “Beast,” as he was known. “I can’t believe the way he was taken away from me so brutally,” Valverde said. “No matter his lifestyle, he didn’t have to die like that. I want to wake up from this nightmare.” Valverde said her family plans to set up a memorial near the scene of the shooting. And they’re holding on to hope that police will track down the person responsible. Albuquerque police officer Simon Drobik said detectives are still trying to identify a “person of interest” shown in a photo the department released on Saturday of a man who is running and appears to be holding a gun. Saavedra had two sons, ages 9 and 11, and a daughter who is in her early 20s. Jennifer Avalos-Padilla, the mother of Saavedra’s sons, said the boys are in shock. “They don’t understand what kind of a person would take their dad’s life like that,” Avalos-Padilla said. “They don’t know what to do or say. They know they didn’t have a chance to say goodbye to their dad.” Contact writer ABQJournal News Staff Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe ABQnews Seeker Albuquerque News Crime From the newspaper News Suggested Stories: UPDATED: ABQ Police Release Name of Shooting Victim – Sep 20, 2011 DWI not the only issue facing UNM lobbyist – Jul 28, 2014 UNM lobbyist quits after third DWI – Aug 1, 2014 Police release name of shooting victim – Apr 30, 2017 Advertisement Load comments Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics Newsletters CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy Contest Terms RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 46° F Mostly Cloudy Wind NNE at 4 MPH Pressure 1016 MB Dewpoint 34° F Visibility 8 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Woman accused of kicking, biting officers Sophia Weaver By Gabrielle Porter Monday, May 1, 2017 A 21-year-old Grand Junction woman accused of kicking one police officer in the stomach and biting another while they tried to remove her from the North Avenue Walmart on Sunday evening could be charged with felony second-degree assault on a police officer. Grand Junction police officers responding to a report of a suspect they were told was “acting crazy” at the store found Sophia Catherine Weaver, sitting on the ground with her knees against her chest, an affidavit for her arrest said. An officer told her to leave because a store manager said he wanted to file a trespassing restraint and “at least two employees said they felt threatened by the woman’s words and actions,” the report said. Weaver, however, allegedly refused to leave. “She insisted she was waiting for an order of french fries,” an officer wrote in the report. When another cop arrived, they re-approached Weaver and told her to leave again. She was acting erratically, however, walking toward the door before veering off and insisting she didn’t do anything wrong, the report said. When an officer put his hand on her shoulder to redirect her toward the door, Weaver started to physically resist, the report said. As the officers tried to cuff her, she “wrestled free and kicked me in the abdomen causing pain,” the report said. Weaver continued to struggle as the officers put her in a patrol car. “I heard (the other officer) tell Weaver to stop biting him,” the officer wrote in the report. Weaver appeared in Mesa County Court on Monday afternoon, where Judge Bruce Raaum told her she could be charged with assault, disorderly conduct, resisting arrest, menacing and trespass. Mesa County District Attorney Dan Rubinstein on Monday asked that Weaver be held on a cash-only bond because of the allegations that she attacked two officers and other issues including mental-health problems and substance abuse. Public Defender Scott Burrill asked that she be released on a personal-recognizance bond so she can keep a job she said she started recently. Raaum ordered Weaver to remain in custody in lieu of a $5,000 cash-only bond. Weaver, who told Raaum she reacted at Walmart because she was “attacked from behind,” which triggered her mental illness issues, is due in court at 8:30 a.m. Friday. COMMENTS TOP JOBS External Affairs Assistant External AffairsAssistantUte Water ConservancyDistrict... Registered Nurses Find Your Life's Work at HopeWestImmediate Openings for Finance & Administrative Director Finance & Administrative DirectorThe City of Ouray is seeking a f... Rn, Lpn, Cna And Cook Mantey Heights Rehab & Care CentreNew Wage ScaleFT, PT &am... Accounting Technician Iii The Colorado StateUniversity Agricultural Experiment Station is currently Delivery Route BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapersa... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Member Rewards log in Weston Ranch still waiting for change Monday May 1, 2017 at 8:20 PM May 1, 2017 at 8:20 PM Roger Phillips Record Staff Writer @rphillipsblog STOCKTON — Many years ago, Anita Glasper recalls, she attended a meeting at the Weston Ranch library branch and heard promises that someday soon, her southwest Stockton community would be home to a regional shopping center near the house she had just moved into. Monday night, Glasper stood in the very same room in the very same library branch during another city planning meeting and noted that she and her fellow Weston Ranch residents are still waiting. “Where’s the shopping center?” Glasper asked. “It’s frustrating. … There’s no place here in Weston Ranch.”  City officials say they are hoping things will improve sooner rather than later. Monday night, they invited Stockton residents to attend a public workshop aimed at helping to plan a brighter long-range future for the city. About 50 community members turned out. “I like the fact they are coming to the community and asking our opinions,” Glasper said. “I’m going to stay hopeful.” The city has held multiple public workshops around Stockton in the past year. The goal, officials say, is to create new policies and programs that form an amended General Plan for Stockton to carry the city through 2040. For some Weston Ranch residents Monday, that meant removing obstacles to a new Walmart or supermarket in their community. For others, it meant getting a full-service pharmacy, or promoting community health, or making the city friendlier to pedestrians and bicyclists. All, however, made it clear they are tired of waiting. “What’s going to happen down here in Weston Ranch?” 59-year-old David Gori said. “I’ve lived (in Weston Ranch) for 20 years and I haven’t seen nothing going on down here.” Focusing on goals Four broad topics were addressed Monday night: transportation, land use, safety and community health. If a new General Plan ultimately achieves it objectives, the city by 2040 will be more easily traversed by foot and bicycle; there will be more retail and commercial options available closer to where people are living; communities will be safer from both crime and the dangers of flooding; and green space will be preserved. Stockton officials received their mandate from the City Council about a month ago. The new General Plan that is supposed to make all of this happen still is at least a year from adoption. But consultant Charlie Knox and Community Development Director David Kwong acknowledged Monday that no matter what plans Stockton adopts, the city also will need cooperation from the private sector. “It does require some interest by private development,” Knox said. “You can zone something for grocery stores and wait and wait and wait, but if the developer isn’t there ...” His voice trailed off. Still, Knox said with the right programs in place residents will not have to wait all the way until 2040 to see a better Stockton. Free Weston Ranch? More than two years ago, a group of unhappy Weston Ranch residents wanted to drag Stockton into divorce court. But Monday night, the discussion in Weston Ranch focused on the long-term future of the relationship — an urban-planning version of marriage counseling. Late in 2014, a group of Weston Ranch dissidents said they wanted to secede from Stockton. They continued to make their case publicly into at least the first half of 2015. If any remaining secession advocates were present Monday night, they opted not to publicly express their opinion. But that does not mean the residents are satisfied now. “Our community does not get treated like Stockton,” said resident Michael Busby, sounding a familiar theme Monday. On tap The city will hold another workshop from 5:30-7 p.m. Tuesday at the Arnold Rue Community Center, 5758 Lorraine Avenue. Then, there will be more presentations before the Planning Commission and the City Council, followed by internal work aimed at generating the release in the fall of a draft of a new General Plan. Perhaps what results from a new General Plan will finally ease frustrations that seemingly never go away in Weston Ranch. Looking ahead to 2040 and the plan’s finish line nearly a quarter-century from now, one Weston Ranch resident asked the unanswered question that lingers on the minds of many: How long will it take to see change? “What’s go to happen,” the resident asked, “before 23 years? — Contact reporter Roger Phillips at (209) 546-8299 or rphillips@recordnet.com. Follow him at recordnet.com/rphillipsblog and on Twitter @rphillipsblog. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements & Obits Story ideas Alerts Email alerts RSS feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. recordnet.com ~ 530 East Market Street, Stockton, CA 95202 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime & Courts Government Education Environment Fitzgerald column Weather Shareable Databases Sports Prep Football High School Sports College Sports Motorsports Outdoors Pro Sports Auto Racing Entertainment Dining Music Travel Theater Things To Do Calendar Life Family Food & Wine Health & Fitness Home & Garden People Pets Business Agriculture Local Business Retail Opinion Columns Letters Editorials Obituaries Area Deaths More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs myRecord Record Press Club Specialty Publications Member Rewards Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber services Subscribe Email alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
null
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 4:51pm Wed 3 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation World Videos Climate Australia Pacific Asia USA South America Europe Middle East Africa Disasters Strange but True Photos Woman finds a note from Chinese 'prisoner' begging for help inside her Walmart purse 4:24 PM Tuesday May 2, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Spotlight United States The woman says she found the letter in a purse she bought at Walmart. Photo / KPTV An Arizona woman says she believes that she found a note from a Chinese prisoner pleading for help in a purse she bought at Walmart. The woman said she bought the purse at the superstore in Sierra Vista, Arizona, and later found the note, written completely in Chinese, reported KPTV. She had the note translated three times to be certain that the message was correct. The note's author writes that he or she is a prisoner in China being forced to work about 14 hours a day with little food or medical attention. The alleged prisoner pleads for help from whoever reads the note, but the woman who found it said she does not have the means personally to help the prisoner, so she hopes something comes out of sharing it. Similar letters to this one have been traced back to stores that outsource a lot of their labor, such as K-Mart, in the past. - Daily Mail Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Going Bananas arrives in Northland A successful Auckland-based entertainment business has expanded into Northland. Hawke's Bay Today Chopper appeal up and running Fundraising underway for rescue helicopter Bay of Plenty Times New Papamoa East on/off ramp 'critical' Developers want new Tauranga Eastern Link on/off ramp fast-tracked. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Land Rover announces Sir Mark Todd as new ambassador New Zealand Olympic legend Sir Mark Todd signed by Land Rover... Viva Where to Go: Cotto pop-up restaurant, K Rd Make a date asap for the handmade pasta at Cotto, opening tomorrow for only three months… Bite Muesli This is the muesli recipe (always doubled for the holidays) that has been churned out… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf03 at 03 May 2017 18:51:06 Processing Time: 18ms
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Trump Will Meet With U.S. Business Leaders On Tuesday Trump Will Meet With U.S. Business Leaders On Tuesday Duration: 00:38s - Published: 3 weeks ago< > Embed Donald Trump U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives Tuesday, including the heads of General Motors, IBM and Wal Mart. The Republican is trying to gain support for administration priorities. The business leaders will confer in small groups with five cabinet secretaries, about administration priorities on the budget, transportation, environment, education and commerce. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: Trump Will Meet With U.S. Business Leaders On Tuesday U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives Tuesday, including the heads of General Motors, IBM and Wal Mart. The Republican is trying to gain support for his administration's plans. The business leaders will confer in small groups with five cabinet secretaries, about administration priorities on the budget, transportation, environment, education and commerce. Recent related news Ivanka Trump Jeered In Berlin For Defending Her Father On 'empowering Women'President Donald Trump's daughter Ivanka Trump was jeered by members of the audience during a panel... RTTNews 5 days ago - PoliticsAlso reported by •VOA News You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Ryan Seacrest Kelly Ripa Barack Obama Michelle Obama Current Topics Fox News Bill Shine University Of Texas Met Gala President Bill Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 Has Stan Lee's Role In The Marvel Universe Been Made Canon? Trump's First 100 Days: 'I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE EASIER' Which Jurassic Park Star Is Rejoining The Franchise? What Is This Strange Light In The Canadian Sky - And Why Are We Calling It 'Steve'? The Fresh Prince Is Back - And He's a Genie, Too Does This Hungry Critter Hold The Secret To Plastic Disposal? Look Who Just Joined The Driverless Car Race Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Home General Store Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newspapers in Education Register Subscribe Manage My Subscription Delivery Status E-Edition Archives News Election Results Sports A & E Calendar Sudoku Crosswords TV Listings Business Obituaries Features Magazines Coupon Bonanza FAQs Photos/Media Photos Videos Contests Quizzes Blogs Classifieds Place an Ad Thrift Sale Map Jobs Submissions Celebrations Death Notice News Tip Letter to the Editor Diapers-2-Diplomas Feedback Partners The Country Today Leader Printing Online Leader Marketing Solutions Contact Us News Front Page Local Briefs Daily Updates News Blogs Off Beat State Nation & World Public Notices Sports Preps Sports Daily Updates Local Colleges Sports Blogs Community Sports Eau Claire Express NFL MLB NBA NHL Golf Racing Opinion Editorials Letters to Editor From Our Files Business Local Business From the Wire - Business A&E Local Entertainment Features Lifestyles At Home Getting Out Food Health Travel Religion On Campus Senior Living Celebrations Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Births Five Generations Wednesday, May 03, 2017 Weather Loading Join our Mailing List Follow the Leader Menu News Sports Obits A&E eEdition Filter Front Page Police: Man shot by cop wanted to die DA finds lethal force justified By Christena T. O’Brien Published on May 2, 2017 | Updated 11:23 p. m. Share Tweet Share Email Comments The man shot and killed by an Eau Claire police officer in January had a note in his wallet, placing the blame for his shooting solely on himself and apologizing for his actions. “TO THE COP THAT SHOOT ME I AM SORRY THAT I MADE YOU DO IT DO NOT FEEL BAD MY LIFE WAS WORTHLESSLES,” read the note, which was found folded in Matthew C. Zank’s wallet, along with the name and address of a family member. Eau Claire police officer Kris O’Neill, a 19-year veteran of the department, was that cop. Eau Claire County District Attorney Gary King, in a statement released Tuesday, found O’Neill was justified in the use of lethal force. “When interviewed, Officer O’Neill was clear that he believed his life was in danger, given the actions of Matthew Zank and that he felt Matthew Zank was going to kill him or someone else,” King wrote. “The plain meaning of the note found in Matthew Zank’s wallet after he was shot makes it clear that Zank intended to have an officer shoot him and end his life,” King said in the statement. Police Chief Gerald Staniszewski called O’Neill’s use of deadly force “appropriate.” “He acted in a manner which was in the best interest of the community’s safety,” Staniszewski said. According to information released by King: Authorities received a 911 call at 7:16 a.m. on Jan. 28 from a caller, later identified as Zank, reporting a man with a gun at the Scottish Inns and Suites, 1135 W. MacArthur Ave., who was pointing the weapon at vehicles and people. Almost six minutes later, he told the telecommunicator he had to go and hung up. O’Neill arrived in the area seconds after Zank ended the phone call, according to video from a nearby convenience store. Upon arrival, O’Neill saw a possible suspect given the description provided by dispatch and saw the man, later identified as Zank, he told Capt. Shawn Kudron of the La Crosse Police Department the day of the shooting. Zank had his hands at his sides and had a handgun in his right hand. O’Neill got out of his squad car with a long gun and saw Zank pointing the handgun at him, the officer said. O’Neill pointed the gun at Zank and gave him several commands to drop the gun as Zank continued to walk toward him with the gun pointed at the officer. On the last command for Zank to drop the gun, he told O’Neill, “No, I will not.” O’Neill fired at Zank until he stopped. O’Neill then used his portable radio to notify dispatch two different times that shots had been fired. He approached Zank and kicked the gun away from him. Arriving officers began lifesaving efforts, but Zank, who was shot in the torso, was pronounced dead at 7:33 a.m. An autopsy determined he had a blood alcohol level of 0.137. Zank had checked into the Scottish Inns and Suites on Jan. 19 and stayed there until his death. He had tried to find housing through an Eau Claire nonprofit that provides housing to the homeless, but his application was denied. He also went to a relative’s home about a week before the shooting, asking to stay there, but the family member, who was afraid of him, told him he couldn’t. Before coming to Eau Claire, Zank had been staying at the Clark County Rehabilitation & Living Center near Owen since about September. On Dec. 27, he grabbed a nurse and punched her in the face 10 to 12 times. The next day, he was found unresponsive in his jail cell and was transported to HSHS Sacred Heart Hospital, where records indicated he made multiple statements about self-harm. On Jan. 15, he was discharged to the Winnebago Mental Health Institute. Records indicated Zank previously had been diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder, a mental disorder in which a person experiences a combination of schizophrenia symptoms, such as hallucinations or delusions, and mood disorder symptoms, such as depression or mania. He also had a history of alcohol abuse. Records dated Jan. 18 indicated Zank was being recommended for dismissal from Winnebago, and he had concerns about homelessness and said he had suicidal thoughts when he had nowhere to go. Three days before the shooting, Zank bought a semiautomatic BB pistol from Walmart, according to his bank records and store video surveillance. “Matthew Zank made multiple statements regarding an intent to commit suicide in the days and weeks leading up to Jan. 28, 2017,” King said. “The plain meaning of the note found in Matthew Zank’s wallet after he was shot makes it clear that Zank intended to have an officer shoot him and end his life.” The La Crosse Police Department investigated the shooting because state law requires it to be done by an outside agency.  The Eau Claire Police Department is in the process of conducting an administrative review of the officer-involved shooting to determine policy compliance by all officers involved in the incident. The review also will examine the department policy to ensure it is consistent with the model of best practices related to the use of force guidelines in these types of situations. As is common practice, O’Neill will remain on administrative assignment until the internal review has been completed. Contact: 715-830-5838, christena.obrien@ecpc.com @CTOBrien on Twitter Tagged: officer-involved shooting, Kris O'Neill, Matthew Zank, Eau Claire County District Attorney Gary King, Eau Claire police Chief Gerald Staniszewski, Scottish Inns and Suites Click to comment Close comments Related Man killed by Eau Claire officer had note apologizing for forcing the shooting Eau Claire officer-involved shooting: 20-year vet shot newcomer to city Eau Claire cop fatally shoots knife-wielding man Knife-wielding man killed in officer-involved shooting in Eau Claire Front Page Labrec sentenced to 20 years’ prison in Patterson murder case Sports Baseball: Old Abes put it all together against Wildcats Front Page Accused killer of Eau Claire neighbor ruled incompetent to assist in defense Front Page Proposal alters Eau Claire high schools' boundaries © 2017 Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, WI. All rights reserved. To Top Applying filter… Welcome! Check out the new look of leadertelegram.com! We would like to show you around. Main Menu The main menu is now located on the left side in a drawer. To open it, click the icon in the upper left that says MENU Section Filter In the upper right, there is an icon to open the sections menu. Here you can filter which sections you'd like to see in your feed. To see more stories from a certain section, fill in that star! To see less, clear the star. To navigate to a certain section, just click the section name! Popular Links The most popular sections have direct links, front and center! Subscribe In the main menu, you can set up a digital or print subscription, manage your account and sign up for newsletters along with navigating anywhere else on the site or to our partner sites. Restart walkthrough Want to see this walkthrough again? Click the accessibility button at any time to restart the walkthrough! Feedback We hope you like the new leadertelegram.com! If you have any questions or comments, please let us know: Done! Feedback
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- May 3 - May 6 Posted:   05/02/2017 09:50:13 PM MDT Today, May 3 Council on Aging — 9:15 a.m., Heritage Center. SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Toddle Time Story Time — 10:30 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 18 months to 36 months, with an adult. Spring Luncheon — 11 a.m. to 1 p.m., Knights of Columbus Hall, 421 S. 11th Ave. Cost $7 for adults, children under 5 eat free. Rotary Club — Noon, Northeastern Junior College, Tennant Art Gallery in-side Hays Student Center. Tom Ward, Governor's Committee on Youth. Cards and Pool — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Tai Chi — 2:30 to 3:30 p.m., Heritage Center. Fleming VFW Oyster Fry — Begins at 5 p.m. Incredible Years Parenting Class — 5:30 to 8 p.m., Family Resource Cen-ter. Iliff Triangle AA Group — 6 p.m., Iliff Trading Post, 315 Railroad Ave., Iliff. Rides available by calling Kathy at 522-5006 or can be arranged with other members. League of Women Voters — 6:30 p.m., Department of Human Services Community Room. 521-6561. Thursday, May 4 Circle of Grandparents Group — 9:30 to 10:30 a.m., Family Resource Center. Includes free child care. Advertisement SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Tai Chi — 2:30 to 3:30 p.m., Heritage Center. NJC Retirement Reception — 3 to 5 p.m., E.S. French Hall Atrium. Honorees: Pam Berns, Mary Lederhos, Linda Sears, Scott Thompson, Rick Skeels, Deb Walker. Whyman Teen Outreach Program — 4:30 p.m. for middle school students, 5:30 p.m. for high school students, Family Resource Center. Tai Chi — 5:15 to 6:15 p.m., Heritage Center. Under the Umbrella LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Zion Congregational Church, 432 Chestnut St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Fleming Grades 5-12 Spring Concert — 6:30 p.m., at the school. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. Sterling Camera Club — 7 p.m., Heritage Center. Sweet Adelines — 7 p.m., Sterling High School choir room. For ladies who love to sing. Centennial State Chorus — 7 p.m., Christ United Methodist Church. For men who love to sing. Elks Bingo — 7 p.m., Elks Club. Open to the public. Friday, May 5 Qi Gong — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. SRM Community Blood Drive — 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., Sterling Regional MedCenter south parking lot. Appointments: 521-3284. First Friday @ First Presbyterian — 12:05 to 12:35 p.m., First Presbyterian Church, 130 S. 4th St. Sterling High School Jazz Band. Musical presentation, free and open to the public. Cards and Pool — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Chalk Walk — 3:30 to 5 p.m. young artists decorate downtown windows with spring themes. VFW Bingo — 7 p.m., public invited. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Saturday, May 6 Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Family Fun Saturday — 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Overland Trail Museum. Help plant the pumpkins that will be used during the museum's "Afternoon at the Museum" and "Another Night at the Museum." Free for children ages 12 and under accompanied by adult; adult admission $3. Information: 970-522-3895. Bike Rodeo — 9 a.m. to noon, Prairie Park. Light of the Plains Christian Motorcycle Association — 9 a.m., Logan County Chamber of Commerce, 109 N. Front St. Chalk Walk — 11:30 a.m. adult artists chalk walks, 1 to 3 p.m. public invited to make chalk creations, downtown Sterling. Other afternoon attractions include balloon artist, face painting, Clarence's Corner, Grebel Truck, Burritos and Bowls, glass blowing, water booth, Hawaiian Ice, water provided by Sterling Fire Department. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Logan County Jefferson Jackson Day Dinner — 5:30 p.m. social hour, 6 p.m., inner, Knights of Columbus, 421 S. 11th Ave. Cost $25 per person. Auction to follow program. Reservations needed by Thursday, April 27; call Peter Youngers 522-2040. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m. FM Country. Cost is $7. Everyone is welcome. NJC Spring Ensemble Concert — 7 p.m., Dorothy Corsberg Theatre inside E.S. French Hall. Tickets $5 for community members, NJC students and staff free. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Centennial Farms applications due May 15 The deadline to apply for recognition in the Colorado Centennial Farms program has been extended through May 15.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES McTeacher Night raises funds for Ayres Clerk to the Board duties   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Watch, AirPods, Beats Sales Hit Fortune 500 Level Apple Reports $52.9B in Revenues, Expands Shareholder Capital Return to $300B [Update] Shopping For Mother’s Day? Consider Digital Art Decoration Tips Unsubscribe, Unsubscribe Again, and then Unsubscribe Some More macOS: Recover Lost Tabs and Windows in Safari Podcasts Microsoft gets Serious About the Education Market - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-02 TMO Background Mode Interview with The Mac Observer Co-founder Dave Hamilton View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → Apple's Mac Revenue is Up Year-Over-Year, But it's Self-Deception Meet the Man Who Wants to Use His Personal Tragedy to Screw Us All with Textalyzer Certain iPhone News Contributors Need to get Their Rumors and Facts Straight Facebook, By Its Very Design, Cannot Avert the Tragedies it Creates Apple is Converting Mac Pro From a Fad to a Monster Graphics Platform View All Editorials → Apple Watch, AirPods, Beats Sales Hit Fortune 500 Level Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 2 minute read May 2nd, 2017 8:08 PM EDT | News Apple Watch sales, along with AirPods and Beats headphones have hit Fortune 500 level, which means they’re bringing in over US$5 billion to Apple’s “other products” category. Company CEO Tim Cook shared that detail during the company’s second fiscal quarter earnings report on Tuesday. Apple Watch, AirPods and Beats sales hit Fortune 500 level “We’re happy with the growth of the business. Watch units more than doubled in six of our top 10 markets,” Mr. Cook said. He added, When you begin to combine watch revenues with those for AirPods—this was the first full quarter for AirPod shipments, and we’re not satisfying demand yet—and then add Beats products, and look on the trailing 12 months, that business was well into the Fortune 500. Considering Apple Watch launched in spring 2015, and AirPods started shipping in December 2016, that’s pretty impressive growth. The “other products” category Apple Watch, AirPods, and Beats headphones fall into also includes the iPod lineup, Apple TV, and Apple-branded accessories such as the Magic Trackpad and the adapters Touch Bar MacBook Pro owners are buying. Making a comparison to companies on the Fortune 500 list seems pretty much obligatory, so that has Apple’s “other products” business rubbing elbows with Walmart ($482 billion), Exxon Mobil ($246 billion), and Apple ($233 billion). Since comparing one division to the top three Fortune 500 companies doesn’t seem all that fair, let’s go with companies that are probably more in line with Apple’s “other product” sales such as J.M. Smucker ($5.6 billion), SanDisk ($5.5 billion), and Western Union ($5.4 billion). Apple’s “other products” revenue was up 31% year over year. What we don’t know, however, are solid figures for everything Apple lumps into that group because it doesn’t break out individual sales. The numbers Apple did give us include $52.9 billion in revenue for the quarter, $11 billion in earnings, and $2.10 EPS. Mac sales were up 4% at 4.2 million units for the quarter, and iPhone sales were down 1% year over year at 50.8 million. The company’s services business brought in $7 billion, up 18% year over year. Apple’s quarterly numbers stand in contrast to complaints some pundits are tossing around saying the company is floundering and in aiming for a death spiral. Apple is one of the most valuable companies in the world, quarterly earnings eclipse most company’s annual revenues, and product categories are performing at levels that would be considered very successful for most stand-alone businesses. That doesn’t mean Apple can rest on its laurels and stop innovating. New and compelling products and services are critical Apple’s success. What Apple can do now—and hopefully is—to keep its financial lead is to invest what other companies would consider a small fortune into making sure its upcoming product announcements blow our socks off. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: AAPL, AirPods, Apple Watch, Beats, Fortune 500, Q2 You might also like… Apple is Converting Mac Pro From a Fad to a Monster Graphics Platform Meet the Man Who Wants to Use His Personal Tragedy to Screw Us All with Textalyzer AirPort Utility: Adjusting Basestation Preferences (And Why You Might Want To!) Facebook, By Its Very Design, Cannot Avert the Tragedies it Creates iPhone 8 Smokes Samsung Galaxy S8 in Leaked Geekbench Performance Tests Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple's Mac Revenue is Up Year-Over-Year, But it's Self-Deception John Martellaro | May 2, 2017 Imagine What Mac Sales Would Do If Apple Did Something Crazy Like Update All the Macs Jeff Butts | May 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $147.51 +0.93 (0.63%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Watch, AirPods, Beats Sales Hit Fortune 500 Level Apple Reports $52.9B in Revenues, Expands Shareholder Capital Return to $300B [Update] Shopping For Mother’s Day? Consider Digital Art Decoration Microsoft Launches a New Assault on Apple: Surface Laptop Twitter Really Wants to be Your TV Source, Gets 12 New Live Streaming Content Deals Recent Tips See All » Unsubscribe, Unsubscribe Again, and then Unsubscribe Some More macOS: Recover Lost Tabs and Windows in Safari macOS: Make Your Spotlight Searches Better with the Kind Operator AirPort Utility: Adjusting Basestation Preferences (And Why You Might Want To!) A Network Scanner Helps You Secure Your Wi-Fi Router Recent Editorials See All » Apple's Mac Revenue is Up Year-Over-Year, But it's Self-Deception Imagine What Mac Sales Would Do If Apple Did Something Crazy Like Update All the Macs Microsoft Surface in Schools Aims at Google in Education with Apple Caught in the Crossfire Meet the Man Who Wants to Use His Personal Tragedy to Screw Us All with Textalyzer Certain iPhone News Contributors Need to get Their Rumors and Facts Straight 16274 Jeff Gamet news 0 1493755682 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Tech Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 3 ChinaChina Has Tightened Its Grip on Online News With Sweeping New Controls HIVDoctors Discuss What it Will Take to Rid the World of AIDS genomicsHow Scientists Think CRISPR Will Change Medicine Apple CEO Tim Cook  Thomas Peter REUTERS Apple How Tim Cook Brags About Apple’s Success Without Giving Too Much Away Aaron Pressman May 02, 2017 Apple CEO Tim Cook's predecessor, Steve Jobs, wasn't fond of talking to Wall Street analysts. And on the rare occasions Jobs did show up for a quarterly earnings call, it was usually to attack rivals. Thus, even before becoming CEO, Cook, as one of Jobs' underlings, had to explain Apple's strategy and results to investors. Lacking Jobs' gift for the zinger, in his nearly six years as CEO, Cook has instead developed his own lingo— his own code. The goal seems to be to give analysts a smidgen of information to incorporate evidence into their financial reports that Apple is succeeding. But Cook and other executives always seem to draw a line to avoid giving away too much real information that may help competitors figure out how Apple is really doing. Tuesday evening's call with analysts for Apple's fiscal second quarter results, was loaded with plenty of Cook-isms. Lately, one of his new favorite techniques is using other companies in the Fortune 500 as a measuring stick. For example, Cook on Tuesday repeated a claim he's made before that Apple's growing services business, which encompasses everything from music and video sales to online storage and app sales, is growing so quickly that its revenue will soon equal that of a Fortune 100 company. Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter. In fact, Apple may have already reached that milestone. For the past two quarters, services revenue has exceeded $7 billion, or $28 billion annually if that rate continues. The 100th-largest company in the Fortune 500 by revenue is insurer Northwestern Mutual, which had just over $28 billion of revenue. Why Cook uses the Fortune 100 measuring stick instead of just saying $28 billion of revenue, no one knows for sure. Perhaps it sounds more impressive to the MBA-trained exec (For the record, Apple itself ranks third, behind only Exxon Mobile and Walmart). On Tuesday, Cook offered another Fortune reference, though this time in a somewhat more convoluted formulation. The CEO said that sales of Apple's watch, AirPod earphones, and other Beats-branded earphones brought in as much revenue over the past year as a Fortune 500 company. In a second reference, he said the total was "well into" the Fortune 500. Apple's wearable sales, therefore, equals the revenue of another sort of wearables company, Burlington Stores (burl). The coat maker had revenue of just over $5 billion to rank No. 500 in the Fortune 500. Analyst Jan Dawson estimated Apple wearable revenue may reach $6 billion, equal to the revenue of No. 430 on the Fortune list, LifePoint Health. Aside from the Fortune 500 measuring stick, Cook seems to have adopted the tactic used by Amazon (amzn) CEO Jeff Bezos to report the size of increases in various businesses, without reporting the actual dollar amount of the increases. Revenue in the App Store was up 40% last quarter while Apple Music sales were up double-digit percentages, Cook said. Over the last 12 months the amount of Apple Pay transactions increased 450%. At another point, Cook said sales of the Apple Watch by unit had more than doubled in six of the company's 10 top markets without revealing which countries were included. It's all very interesting and it can certainly be used in a Wall Street analyst's report to make a case for Apple (aapl). But it's not exactly what Cook's professors back at Duke University's Fuqua School of Business might demand from students analyzing a company's value. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump North Korea ObamaCare Just In... House panel to vote on GOP Dodd-Frank rewrite Finance — 1h 52m ago Clinton brings up ‘Handmaid’s Tale’ in Planned Parenthood speech Blog Briefing Room — 3h 30m ago Trump: Comey 'the best thing' that happened to Clinton Blog Briefing Room — 3h 39m ago Pence: Budget deal 'no small accomplishment' for administration Finance — 4h 17m ago Ex-DNC chair: Obama's $400K speaking fee 'none of your business' News — 4h 17m ago Jeb Bush 'confident' he will win bid for MLB team In The Know — 4h 57m ago Conway rips Clinton's election loss explanation Administration — 5h 4m ago Tillerson headed to Alaska for Arctic Council meeting Administration — 5h 33m ago view all   Overnight Finance: Trump raises stakes for next shutdown fight | Senate confirms SEC pick | Dems drag out markup of Dodd-Frank overhaul By Sylvan Lane - 05/02/17 06:53 PM EDT 1   © Getty Images Less than 48 hours after Congress reached a bipartisan deal on 2017 spending, President Trump warned the next round might not be so easy. The president on Tuesday roiled the debate over a 2018 spending package -- five months before Congress's deadline to pass it -- by promoting the notion that a "good shutdown" in September would go a long way toward fixing the "mess" in Washington. ADVERTISEMENT Arriving by tweet just after 9 a.m., the comment -- unprecedented for a sitting president -- was seen as no threat to the 2017 omnibus funding package, which Congress is expected to send to Trump this week to prevent a shutdown on Saturday. But it appears to reflect Trump's frustration with reports and analyses, many from conservative allies, that the Republicans were rolled during the negotiations over the current bill, which included almost none of the prominent policy riders the White House had initially demanded. The Hill's Mike Lillis and Jordan Fabian have more: http://bit.ly/2qwdFkM   Recapping the day: Trump says US needs 'good' shutdown: President Trump on Tuesday called for a "good shutdown" in September to fix the "mess" in government. He also expressed frustration that legislation needs 60 votes in the Senate because of the filibuster, saying it would be necessary to elect more Republicans or "change the rules." "The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good 'shutdown' in September to fix mess!" he wrote in a series of tweets. The Hill's Rebecca Savransky and Jordan Fabian have more on the tweets that started a firestorm: http://bit.ly/2pDktwR   Senators quickly distanced themselves from Trump's remarks: Senate Republicans are rushing to distance themselves from President Trump's support for a fall shutdown. Several GOP senators said Tuesday that they don't back shuttering the government in September even as the president endorsed the idea on Twitter during a series of early morning tweets. "Obviously I disagree with that. No, I don't think there's a good government shutdown. ... Really it shows our inability to solve our nation's problems in a normal way," Sen. Bob CorkerBob CorkerTrump raises stakes for next shutdown fight Overnight Cybersecurity: IT modernization bill clears panel | McCain seeks new path on Russian sanctions | House Republican aims to boost feds' cyber workforce Overnight Finance: Trump raises stakes for next shutdown fight | Senate confirms SEC pick | Dems drag out markup of Dodd-Frank overhaul MORE (R-Tenn.), the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told reporters. Sen. John McCainJohn McCainOvernight Defense: GOP chair to unveil Pentagon buying reforms in May | Trump surge fades for contractors | McCain concerned about Army nominee's comments Overnight Cybersecurity: IT modernization bill clears panel | McCain seeks new path on Russian sanctions | House Republican aims to boost feds' cyber workforce Overnight Finance: Trump raises stakes for next shutdown fight | Senate confirms SEC pick | Dems drag out markup of Dodd-Frank overhaul MORE (R-Ariz.) separately said there wasn't an appetite for a shutdown or changing the filibuster rules on legislation. Asked if Trump should stop tweeting, McCain responded, "I wish he would think twice before he tweeted." The Hill's Jordain Carney takes us to the Senate: http://bit.ly/2pVJkiH.   And later in the day... Trump called the spending bill a 'clear win': President Trump on Tuesday trumpeted the bipartisan spending deal as a "clear win," just hours after venting his frustration with the agreement. "After years of partisan bickering and gridlock, this bill is a clear win for the American people,' he said during a ceremony honoring the Air Force Academy football team. Turning to the team members, who were standing behind him in the Rose Garden, Trump said, "This is what winning looks like, something that you folks really know a lot about." The Hill's Jordan Fabian explains: http://bit.ly/2pVDYDX.   Senate confirms Trump's SEC pick: The Senate cleared President Trump's pick to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday evening, voting 61-37 to confirm Jay Clayton. Only a simple majority needed to approve the nominee, whose SEC term would expire in 2021. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnellMitch McConnellOvernight Defense: GOP chair to unveil Pentagon buying reforms in May | Trump surge fades for contractors | McCain concerned about Army nominee's comments GOP senators dismiss Trump filibuster change Overnight Finance: Trump raises stakes for next shutdown fight | Senate confirms SEC pick | Dems drag out markup of Dodd-Frank overhaul MORE (R-Ky.) praised Clayton ahead of the vote, saying he looked forward to "his leadership at this agency."  "I appreciate Mr. Clayton's willingness to take on this important task as well as his vision -- which he outlined at his hearing -- to promote fair and transparent practices at the SEC," he said on the Senate floor Tuesday. The Hill's Jordain Carney has more: http://bit.ly/2pVw8dJ.   House Dems move to delay GOP Dodd-Frank rewrite: Democrats on the House Financial Services Committee are moving to prolong a hearing on a GOP Dodd-Frank Act rollback by several hours, if not days. The House Financial Services Committee on Tuesday began marking up Chairman Jeb Hensarling's (R-Texas) Creating Hope and Opportunity for Investors, Consumers and Entrepreneurs (CHOICE) Act, a sweeping rewrite of post-recession financial regulations that GOP lawmakers have long sought to repeal. Democrats are fiercely opposed to the CHOICE Act and took several steps during the Tuesday hearing to delay a possible House vote on it despite the bill being largely considered dead on arrival in the Senate. They're expected to offer dozens of amendments, though the committee won't vote on any until Wednesday at 9 a.m. I'll fill you in here: http://bit.ly/2pVrSKZ.   Happy Tuesday and welcome to Overnight Finance, where we're still watching the CHOICE Act markup. I'm Sylvan Lane, and here's your nightly guide to everything affecting your bills, bank account and bottom line. Tonight's highlights include how Republican leaders are spinning the spending deal, the reaction to Trump's shutdown threat, and the departure of a long-time banking leader. See something I missed? Let me know at slane@thehill.com or tweet me @SylvanLane. And if you like your newsletter, you can subscribe to it here: http://bit.ly/1NxxW2N.   On tap tomorrow: Senate Budget Committee: Hearing entitled "Private Sector Growth and the Economy," 10:30 a.m. http://bit.ly/2qfHWEe. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen will give a press conference following the second day of the Federal Open Market Committee's two-day meeting at 2 p.m.   Join us tomorrow for "Main Street Matters: Jobs, Wages & the Small Business Economy," featuring Sen. Jeanne Shaheen Jeanne ShaheenOvernight Finance: Trump raises stakes for next shutdown fight | Senate confirms SEC pick | Dems drag out markup of Dodd-Frank overhaul Overnight Regulation: Senate confirms SEC pick | House GOP passes 'comp time' bill | Senate confirms Trump's SEC pick MORE (D-N.H.) and Rep. Steve Chabot (R-Ohio). Topics of discussion at the event include job creation, wages and the kinds of policies that can help small businesses thrive in the United States. RSVP Here.    Ryan touts spending deal for breaking 'Obama rules' for defense: Speaker Paul RyanPaul RyanOvernight Defense: GOP chair to unveil Pentagon buying reforms in May | Trump surge fades for contractors | McCain concerned about Army nominee's comments Overnight Finance: Trump raises stakes for next shutdown fight | Senate confirms SEC pick | Dems drag out markup of Dodd-Frank overhaul How to get through the next 100 days? Stop the political blame game MORE (R-Wis.) is touting this week's budget deal for breaking the rule that Democrats enforced under President Obama: Every dollar in increased defense spending had to be matched by a dollar increase for nondefense discretionary programs. "Under the Obama rules, if you wanted to help the military, if you wanted a pay raise for the soldiers, if you wanted to buy new airplanes and new ships and more munitions, a dollar for that, you had to have a dollar domestic spending. We just broke that parity," Ryan said at a press conference Tuesday morning. "That's the biggest victory we could have had -- $25 billion year over [the] year for our military, to begin to rebuild our military, without that kind of corresponding increase in domestic discretionary spending. That, to me, is very important," he added: http://bit.ly/2pVt5SE.   Trump budget chief: Good shutdown is 'one that fixes this town' White House budget chief Mick Mulvaney said Tuesday that a "good" government shutdown would include "fixing Washington, D.C. permanently," though he added the threat shouldn't be used as a way to negotiate. "It's not a goal and it's not a negotiating tool," Mulvaney said at White House press briefing. "But to the extent that the president advocated for one today, if you want to imagine what a good shutdown was, it's one that fixes this town." "One that really drives the message back home to people that it really was as broken as they thought it was when they voted for Donald TrumpDonald TrumpPelosi on abortion: 'This is not a rubber-stamp party' NSA collected more than 151 million phone records in 2016 Pence: Trump considering moving US embassy to Jerusalem MORE. A good one would be something that fixes Washington, D.C. permanently." http://bit.ly/2pVs3pG.   Why Trump is fighting Canada on softwood lumber and dairy: Two arcane and long-standing fights are at the center of President Trump's trade war with Canada. The U.S. has been battling with Canada over softwood lumber since the 1980s, and disputes over dairy protections have been a persistent irritant in the otherwise congenial relationship between the two countries. Both trade issues grabbed headlines after Trump announced a 20 percent tariff on Canada's softwood lumber industry last week. The Hill's Vicki Needham explains: http://bit.ly/2pVnhbM.   Leader of powerful community bank lobby to retire: Camden Fine, the outspoken head of the Independent Community Bankers of America (ICBA), is retiring next May, the industry group said on Tuesday. Fine has served as president and chief executive of the organization for almost 14 years, and is known for taking on corporate giants, including Wal-Mart and JPMorgan Chase & Co. "It's just time," he told the publication American Banker prior to the public announcement. "I'm an aging Baby Boomer. I think it's time for the next generation of the community bank CEO with a different vision to write the next chapter of this association." Here's more from The Hill's Megan R. Wilson: http://bit.ly/2pVncou.   Dems press Trump on tax break for investment managers: Democratic lawmakers and a group of millionaires are pressing President Trump on his vow to end the "carried interest" tax break that benefits investment fund managers. "Mr. President, keep your promise to get rid of the carried interest loophole, and don't make it worse by having a bigger, bigger, bigger loophole for all the wealthy people and corporations in the United States," Rep. Sandy Levin (D-Mich.) said at a press conference Tuesday. Carried interest is the income that investment fund managers receive for managing client funds. Under current law, carried interest is taxed at the lower capital gains rate of 20 percent, rather than as ordinary income, which can be taxed as high as 39.6 percent. http://bit.ly/2pVAKk4.   Remittances to Mexico jump to near-record levels: Cash transfers to Mexico jumped 15 percent in March compared to the same period last year, making the month one of the biggest ever recorded for transfers sent by individuals to friends and family abroad. Mexicans received $2.5 billion in the cash transfers, known as remittances, in March compared to $2.2 billion a year earlier, according to Mexico's central bank, Banxico. The March take is the third largest in U.S.-Mexico remittance history, after October 2008 ($2.6 billion) and May 2006 ($2.5 billion). Monthly remittances usually dip to their lowest in January, after the holiday season, and start climbing in February. This year, the pattern changed, with January and February both netting $2 billion in remittances. http://bit.ly/2pVFypk.   Write us with tips, suggestions and news: slane@thehill.com, vneedham@thehill.com, and njagoda@thehill.com. Follow us on Twitter: @SylvanLane,  @VickofTheHill and @NJagoda. Tags Mitch McConnell Jeanne Shaheen Donald Trump John McCain Bob Corker Paul Ryan   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Spicer leaves White House briefing... White House press secretary Sean Spicer stunned reporters on Tuesday by... 167 Shares 2 Trump set to sign religious... President Trump has reportedly invited conservative leaders to visit the... 152 Shares 3 GOP bill hung up on pre-existing... The bill is losing support over a provision inserted to win over the House... 148 Shares 4 Trump: US ‘needs a good shutdown’ President Trump on Tuesday called for a "good shutdown" in September to... 148 Shares 5 Trump raises stakes for next... Less than 48 hours after Congress reached a bipartisan deal on 2017... 145 Shares 6 Lawmakers warn airlines: Shape up... “If changes aren’t made by the next hearing, I can assure you, you won’t... 122 Shares 7 Conway rips Clinton's election... Kellyanne Conway, a top counselor to President Trump, tore into Hillary... 105 Shares 8 Trump: 'Why was there the Civil... President Trump during an interview that airs Monday questioned why the... 102 Shares 9 Howard Stern: 'Nobody wanted... Howard Stern says President Trump is “being very honest” when he says he... 86 Shares 10 Colbert unleashes insults '... Late-night host Stephen Colbert on Monday unleashed a wave of insults at... 82 Shares 11 Schumer turns GOP tactics on Trump Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) capped off his first 100 days as Senate... 66 Shares 12 Dem: Trump crying shutdown because... President Trump’s statement that a “good shutdown” might be necessary for... 66 Shares 13 CNN: Trump ending Michelle Obama's... President Trump plans to end ‘Let Girls Learn,’ former first lady Michelle... 61 Shares 14 Trump drops the mother of all... OPINION | Denying libraries the funding to offer services in rural... 55 Shares 15 The Hill's Whip List: 22 GOP no... House Republicans have an updated bill to repeal and replace ObamaCare,... 54 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / ICBA’s Camden Fine Announces 2018 Retirement ICBA’s Camden Fine Announces 2018 Retirement Posted on May 2, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Camden R. Fine, the longtime president and CEO of the Independent Community Bankers of America, today announced his plans to retire in May 2018. Concurrent with his retirement announcement, ICBA Chairman Scott Heitkamp, president and CEO of ValueBank Texas, announced that the ICBA Executive Committee has named Rebeca Romero Rainey, a third-generation community banker, as Fine’s successor. Washington, D.C. (PRWEB) May 02, 2017 Camden R. Fine, the longtime president and CEO of the Independent Community Bankers of America® (ICBA), today announced his plans to retire in May 2018. Concurrent with his retirement announcement, ICBA Chairman Scott Heitkamp, president and CEO of ValueBank Texas, announced that the ICBA Executive Committee has named Rebeca Romero Rainey, a third-generation community banker, as Fine’s successor. Romero Rainey is owner, chairman and CEO of Centinel Bank of Taos, N.M., and ICBA immediate past chairman. Fine, a native Missourian and longtime community banker and bank owner before coming to ICBA in May 2003, announced to more than 1,000 bankers at the 2017 ICBA Capital Summit that he would step down on his 15th anniversary on May 5, 2018. Fine emphasized that he will remain fully engaged as ICBA CEO over the next year. Fine, who has been named a Top Lobbyist by The Hill newspaper for nine consecutive years, said he is proud of his accomplishments through the years, including waging a campaign to prevent Wal-Mart from receiving a bank charter, raising the limit on FDIC insurance to $250,000, making FDIC insurance assessments more equitable for community banks, and, most importantly, ensuring that community bankers have a seat at every table in Washington—at the White House, with congressional leaders and with agency heads. Romero Rainey thanked Fine for his service to ICBA and the nation’s community banks and said that she was honored and humbled to have been asked by the Executive Committee to succeed Fine next year. Romero Rainey said that during the coming year she looks forward to making the transition to Washington, D.C., with her family. Romero Rainey has served ICBA and the community banking industry for more than 15 years. She is ICBA’s immediate past chairman and has held the positions of chairman of the Federal Delegate Board and of the Minority Bank Council. She has served on the FDIC Community Bank Advisory Committee and the Kansas City Federal Reserve Community Depository Institution Advisory Council. At the state level, she is the past president and a current board member of the Independent Community Bankers of New Mexico and has received the New Mexico Governor’s award for Outstanding Women. Romero Rainey is a graduate of the Wellesley College in Massachusetts and the Pacific Coast School of Banking.     About ICBA The Independent Community Bankers of America®, the nation’s voice for more than 5,800 community banks of all sizes and charter types, is dedicated exclusively to representing the interests of the community banking industry and its membership through effective advocacy, best-in-class education and high-quality products and services. For more information, visit ICBA’s website at http://www.icba.org. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14299952.htm Latest News ICBA’s Camden Fine Announces 2018 Retirement Skilled Dentist, Dr. David McIntyre, Offers New Patients Full-Arch, Tooth Replacement Solution, All-on-4® Dental Implants in Kyle, TX Red Rocks Periodontics and Implantology Offers Permanent, Same-Day Dental Implants in Las Vegas, NV Williamsburg School Receives Prize of New Lockers for Winning Video That Stands Up for Diversity and Inclusivity New Trump Passthrough Tax Plan Could Impact Retirement Savings for Small Business, According to IRA Financial Group Greenberg Traurig Shareholders Chair, Speak at PLI Privacy and Data Security Institute UPS Unveils First Extended Range Fuel Cell Electric Delivery Vehicle Pulsafeeder Showcases New Members of the PULSAPRO® Line of Metering Pumps at OTC 2017 LabRoots Launches Online Store, With Shipping Available to a Worldwide Customer Base Oil & Gas Pipeline Theft Detection Market 2017 – PSI AG, Pentair, Siemens, FLIR Systems, Cisco Systems, Emerson, Mistras Group © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Top Local Stories FBI translator in Detroit leaves US to marry ISIS leader she was tracking News Owner of pit bull mix that mauled mother, her boyfriend in Roseville denies neglect led to attack News Driver flees scene after running over bicyclist on Detroit's east side News Chief questions why Detroit police officer shot on west side wasn't taken to closest hospital News ESPN analyst trolls Jim Harbaugh once again after Nick Saban's contract extension Sports Defenders take bird's-eye view of how Oakland County officials use chopper to fight crime Defenders Michigan woman shot at San Diego pool party 2 weeks after moving from Metro Detroit News 2 members of Detroit's Rollin 60s Crips street gang plead guilty to racketeering News Man wanted in deadly stabbing of 40-year-old man in Ypsilanti Twp. News Money Apple has a quarter-trillion dollars in cash 5 years ago, Apple had 'just' $110.2 billion By PAUL R. LA MONICA AND SETH FIEGERMAN Posted: 4:56 PM, May 02, 2017 Updated: 5:06 PM, May 02, 2017 Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images More Money Headlines Microsoft takes on Apple with new $999 Surface Laptop Apple probably has a quarter of a trillion in cash Where Apple stands in quest for 100 percent clean energy Apple gets permit to test self-driving cars in California White House grapples with how to sell Trump's first 100 days Apple sued over refusal to service 'bricked' iPhones Apple drops supplier and its stock falls 72% NEW YORK (CNNMoney) - The bank of Apple just hit a major milestone. Apple had more than a quarter of $1 trillion in cash and investments on its balance sheet for the first time ever. To be precise (and remember all of this is in billions with a B): Apple had $256.8 billion in its cash stockpile at the end of its the most recent quarter, up from $233 billion at the same time last year. Apple's stack of Franklins, Grants and Jacksons has steadily grown over the past few years. Five years ago, Apple had "just" $110.2 billion in cash. And Apple has increasingly stashed away most of its cash overseas for tax purposes. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said in February that $230 billion of its cash was held abroad. But there are growing hopes that Apple might soon be able to bring back, or repatriate, this cash to the United States at a one-time lower tax rate if President Trump is able to get his tax plan through Congress. Apple could use the cash to hire more workers, build more plants, make acquisitions, repurchase stock and boost its dividend. Some argue that if Apple and other tech giants were allowed to bring back cash to the U.S., it could stimulate the entire economy. To put into context just how much money a quarter trillion really is, consider the following. Apple's cash, if it were its own company, would be the 11th largest firm in the S&P 500. Besides Apple, Google owner Alphabet, Microsoft, Amazon, Facebook, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, ExxonMobil, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and General Electric have market valuations higher than $250 billion. And Apple's cash is worth only slightly less than all of GE. It's also worth more than well-known blue chips AT&T, Walmart, Home Depot, Coca-Cola and Disney. (AT&T is in the process of acquiring CNNMoney owner Time Warner. By the way, Apple's cash is worth more than three times Time Warner's market value.) Apple's pot of gold, so to speak, is also worth more than Bank of America, Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, Visa, Verizon and Comcast. Want more mind-boggling comparisons? $250 billion in cash is about 10 times the market value of Snapchat parent Snap. It is 3.5 times the valuation of Uber, and 20 times that of Twitter. It's also nearly 50 times the market cap of BlackBerry, the former king of mobile phones that is now focusing more on software. As Matt Damon famously said in "Good Will Hunting" -- How do you like them Apples? Copyright 2017 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending https://www.clickondetroit.com
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev A first in the state: Edina raises tobacco sales age from 18 to 21 Approval rating hits an all-time high for Dayton Tevlin: Hodges has had a mind-boggling month 'Old Rice Street' looks out for community mainstay Internet privacy measure removed as lawmakers debate budget GOP proposal imperils future LRT projects Any way you measure it, Twins smack six home runs in rout over Oakland 'Fidget spinners' are all the rage, but some Minnesota schools have had enough With no prom date, Champlin Park student takes Harvard admission letter Thorson's passion unchanged; nothing about college recruiting the same Adrian Peterson scoffs at notion he's over the hill next National 421070513 A look at high-profile officer-involved shootings By The Associated Press Associated Press May 2, 2017 — 5:55pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint CHARLESTON, S.C. — A lawyer for the family of a black motorist shot to death by a white South Carolina police officer says justice has been done with the fired officer's guilty plea. But attorney Chris Stewart also said Tuesday that verdicts are rare in officer-involved killings. Prosecutors are recommending that Michael Slager serve decades in prison for violating the civil rights of Walter Scott by shooting him in the back as he fled, a crime captured on cellphone video and seen worldwide. The possibility of such a stiff sentence in killings by police is even more unusual. Here is an update on some other high-profile killings by police: ALTON STERLING Sterling, 37, was shot to death July 5, 2016, as two white officers pinned him to the pavement outside a Louisiana convenience store where he had been selling CDs. The killing was captured on cellphone video and circulated widely online, sparking demonstrations across Baton Rouge. Officers Blane Salamoni and Howie Lake II were placed on administrative leave. Neither office has been charged. The U.S. Justice Department decided not to charge the two officers, The Associated Press has learned. A person familiar with the decision disclosed it to the AP on Tuesday. The person was not authorized to talk publicly about the decision and spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity. Federal authorities opened a civil rights investigation immediately after the shooting. The Justice Department's decision doesn't preclude state authorities from conducting their own investigation and pursuing their own criminal charges. ___ JORDAN EDWARDS This black 15-year-old was fatally shot on Saturday by a suburban Dallas police officer while a passenger in a car that was moving away, not in reverse toward officers. Balch Springs Police Chief Jonathan Haber said Monday that police video contradicts his department's original statement about the high school freshman's killing by officers investigating an underage drinking complaint at a house party Edwards was leaving. The chief wouldn't identify the officer nor describe his race. The officer is on leave while police investigate, but the boy's family wants him fired and criminally charged, their lawyer said. ___ TERENCE CRUTCHER Tulsa, Oklahoma, police Officer Betty Jo Shelby's manslaughter trial begins Monday in the shooting of Crutcher, an unarmed man. Shelby, who is white, shot the 40-year-old man on Sept. 16, shortly after she arrived on a street to find Crutcher's SUV stopped in the middle of the road. Crutcher was seen without a weapon and with his hands up on videos from a patrol car dashboard and a police helicopter before Shelby shot him. Police Chief Chuck Jordan has said that Crutcher did not have a gun on his body nor in his SUV. Shelby has pleaded not guilty. ___ PHILANDO CASTILE Castile was shot and killed July 6 by officer Jeronimo Yanez, who is Hispanic, after being pulled over as he drove through a suburb of St. Paul, Minnesota, with his girlfriend and her young daughter in the car. Livestreaming on Facebook moments later, his girlfriend said Castile, 32, was shot while reaching for his ID after telling the officer he had a gun permit and was armed. Ramsey County Attorney John Choi concluded that Yanez wasn't justified in using deadly force. Yanez is charged with manslaughter and is free ahead of his trial scheduled to start later this month. ___ REKIA BOYD Chicago police officer Dante Servin resigned in May 2016 after the police superintendent said he should be fired for killing an unarmed black woman four years earlier. Servin was off-duty when he shot 22-year-old Rekia Boyd. She had been walking down a street with her friends when he told them to be quiet, and he fired when he thought he saw a gun. Prosecutors charged Servin with involuntary manslaughter, a judge acquitted him in April 2016, saying he'd been improperly charged. The city settled a wrongful-death lawsuit in 2013 with Boyd's family for $4.5 million. ___ ERIC GARNER The 43-year-old black man died in July 2014 in New York City after a white officer placed him in a chokehold during an arrest for selling loose cigarettes. A grand jury declined to indict that officer, nor any others involved in the arrest. The city agreed to pay a $6 million civil settlement. ___ MICHAEL BROWN The 18-year-old black man was fatally shot by a white officer, Darren Wilson, in August 2014 in Ferguson, Missouri. A grand jury declined to indict Wilson, and the U.S. Justice Department opted against civil rights charges. Wilson later resigned. The death of Brown, who was unarmed, led to months of occasionally violent protests and became a catalyst for the Black Lives Matter movement, which rebukes police treatment of minorities. ___ LAQUAN MCDONALD Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke was charged with first-degree murder in November 2015, on the same day that the city, under a judge's orders, released dashcam video showing McDonald, a 17-year-old black man, being shot 16 times on Oct. 20, 2014. Van Dyke, who is white, has pleaded not guilty. The video prompted local and federal investigations; The Justice Department determined in January that Chicago police have a long history of civil rights violations and excessive force. ___ AKAI GURLEY Rookie New York City police officer Peter Liang was convicted of manslaughter last year in the November 2014 death of 28-year-old Gurley. Liang, an American of Chinese descent, said he was patrolling a public housing high-rise with his gun drawn when a sound startled him and he fired accidentally. A bullet ricocheted off a wall, hitting Gurley. A judge reduced the conviction to negligent homicide and sentenced Liang to five years' probation and 800 hours of community service. The city settled with Gurley's family for $4.1 million. ___ TAMIR RICE Twelve-year-old Tamir Rice was fatally shot by a white Cleveland police officer near a gazebo in a recreational area in November 2014. Officers were responding to a report of a man waving a gun. The boy had a pellet gun tucked in his waistband and was shot right after their cruiser skidded to a stop, just feet away. A grand jury in December 2015 declined to indict patrolman Timothy Loehmann, who fired the fatal shot, and training officer Frank Garmback. The city settled his family's lawsuit for $6 million. The officers still could be disciplined or fired by the department. ____ FREDDIE GRAY The 25-year-old man was shackled but alive when he was put in Baltimore police van in April 2015. He came out with severe neck injuries, and his subsequent death led to rioting. Six officers were charged initially, but prosecutors in July dropped all remaining charges after acquittals and a hung jury. Gray's family agreed to a $6.4 million settlement with the city in September 2015. ____ ERIC HARRIS Former Tulsa County volunteer sheriff's deputy Robert Bates, 74, was sentenced in June to four years in prison for second-degree manslaughter in the April 2015 death of Harris, 44, a black man who was unarmed and restrained. Bates, who is white, has said he confused his stun gun with his handgun. That shooting led to the temporary suspension of the reserve deputy program after a report found poor training of the volunteer officers, a lack of oversight, and cronyism. Bates is appealing his conviction. ___ WILLIAM CHAPMAN II Former Portsmouth, Virginia, Police Officer Stephen Rankin was sentenced in October to 2½ years in prison for fatally shooting this unarmed 18-year-old while responding to a shoplifting call outside a Wal-Mart on April 22, 2015. Prosecutors allege Rankin killed Chapman "willfully, deliberately and with premeditation." Chapman's body was reportedly delivered to the medical examiner with handcuffs still bound behind his back. Some witnesses said Chapman was combative, and one said he knocked away Rankin's stun gun. Rankin, who is white, was fired. ___ SAM DUBOSE Prosecutors plan to retry former University of Cincinnati police officer Ray Tensing this month in the killing of an unarmed black motorist during a traffic stop near the campus in July 2015. The jury deadlocked after his first murder trial. He faces 15 years to life if convicted. Tensing's body camera captured much of the encounter, although the two sides dispute what conclusions can be reached. Tensing's attorney says DuBose was using his car as a deadly weapon. The university fired Tensing, restructured its public safety department and reached a $5.3 million settlement that includes free undergraduate tuition for DuBose's 13 children. ___ JEREMY MCDOLE McDole, 28, was sitting in his wheelchair when he was shot and killed in September 2015 in Wilmington, Delaware, after police received a 911 call about a man with a gun. A bystander's cellphone footage showed officers repeatedly telling McDole to drop his weapon and raise his hands, with McDole reaching for his waist area before shots erupted. The Delaware attorney general's office decided against criminal charges against four Wilmington police officers involved, although investigators concluded one officer showed "extraordinarily poor" police work. In January, a federal judge approved the city's $1.5 million settlement with McDole's family. ___ RICKY BALL Former Columbus, Mississippi, police officer Canyon Boykin, who is white, was indicted in September for manslaughter in the shooting death of Ball, 26. Boykin said he fired because Ball appeared to point a gun at him during a foot chase in October 2015. The city fired Boykin, saying the officer violated policy by not turning on his body camera, by inviting his fiancee to ride with him and by making derogatory social media posts about African-Americans, women and disabled people. Boykin has sued the city, claiming violations of his constitutional rights. Ball's family has sued Boykin, the city and other police officials for wrongful death. ___ JAMAR CLARK The November 2015 shooting death of 24-year-old Clark sparked weeks of protests in Minneapolis. The officers, Mark Ringgenberg and Dustin Schwarze, were trying to arrest Clark when he was shot once in the head. He died a day later. Some witnesses said Clark was handcuffed when he was shot, but federal and state probes concluded that he was not. Investigators said Ringgenberg felt Clark's hand trying to grab his weapon and shouted to Schwarze, who then shot Clark. Prosecutors decided not to charge either white officer, and an internal police investigation cleared them. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends Musician collapses during birthday concert finale and dies Winners and losers: How the Vikings' draft affects the current roster 'Fidget spinners' are all the rage, but some Minnesota schools have had enough Hopkins schools ran background check on ex-convict facing sexual assault charges Indianapolis man pleads guilty to killing 3 in 4-day span No charges for guards involved in hospital patient's death Attorney calls for Georgia officers to be criminally charged Jury to begin deliberations in case of man accused of shooting at protesters Shooting in Anoka County spurs chase, ends with suspect shot More From Politics National 11 minutes ago Deceased FSU player's brother says bill provides closure Devard Darling said his family can finally feel closure after the Florida Legislature passed a bill on Tuesday to compensate his parents $1.8 million for the death of his twin brother, Devaughn Darling, a Florida State football player who died during team drills. National 16 minutes ago Georgia locals fed up over cluster of drug treatment centers In the northwest corner of Georgia, where cows and crops vastly outnumber people, a small cluster of privately owned treatment centers have sprung up in recent years for heroin and prescription painkiller addicts. National 12:55am Family want officer who shot black teen charged with crime Police in suburban Dallas fired the officer who shot and killed a black 15-year-old boy riding in a vehicle leaving a party, and family members of the teenager said they want criminal charges filed against the officer. National 12:35am Stars turn out for Planned Parenthood gala honoring Clinton An array of celebrities — from Meryl Streep to Tina Fey to Scarlett Johansson to Julianne Moore to Chelsea Handler — turned out to support Planned Parenthood at its centennial celebration, and to hear Hillary Clinton urge continued activism on behalf of women and girls around the world, and access to services like pregnancy and maternity care. National 12:35am Santa Fe voters reject soda tax, hand rare win to industry Voters in New Mexico's capital city rejected a tax increase on sweetened beverages Tuesday, handing a rare victory to the soft-drink industry after a string of recent defeats. Top Stories A first in the state: Edina raises tobacco sales age from 18 to 21 May. 2 Approval rating hits an all-time high for Dayton 12:30am Tevlin: Hodges has had a mind-boggling month May. 2 Most Read Government 'needs a good shutdown,' Trump tweets • National Clinton blames misogyny, FBI, Russia, herself for 2016 loss • National Trump, Putin signal new effort to cooperate on Syria • National Trump on Civil War: Why couldn't they have worked that out? • National Ag Department rolls back rules to make school lunches healthier • National World Putin, Merkel spar in Russia over election meddling Seoul: THAAD can defend against North Korean missiles Nation Visa crackdown threatens seasonal help at US resorts White ex-officer pleads guilty in black man's slaying Politics Could Andrew Jackson have prevented Civil War? Trump seems to say so Trump pushes for vote on health care bill, but not clear on details markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Any way you measure it, Twins smack six home runs in rout over Oakland Twins plan to keep Berrios in minors for now Vikings Vikings exercise option on Barr, but not Bridgewater Adrian Peterson scoffs at notion he's over the hill MN United Turf taking its toll on Minnesota United Momentum changer: Top pick Danladi moves closer to Loons' starting 11 Celebrities Fox cancels 'Pitch,' starring Minnesota's Kylie Bunbury, after one season Obama tweets Jimmy Kimmel after host's tearful plea for Obamacare Super Bowl LII Super Bowl group quietly plans sex trafficking prevention efforts Super Bowl Host Committee will pay back Minneapolis $5 million for services poll Poll: What is your favorite town for outdoor adventure in Minnesota? 10,000 Takes Why men like me should talk openly about depression Minneapolis caterer recalls four unforgettable, regrettable '80s proms Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Miss Minnesota USA's first contestant with Down syndrome 02:46 Mikayla Holmgren demonstrates some dance moves for the camera at Bethel University. Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Apple has a quarter-trillion dollars in cash - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Earth Day Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS Earth Day The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Earth Day Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It Earth Day The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Apple has a quarter-trillion dollars in cash Posted: Tuesday, May 2, 2017 5:04 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, May 2, 2017 7:05 PM EDT The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. Tim Cook is the CEO of Apple and serves on its Board of Directors. Before being named CEO in August 2011, Tim was Apple's Chief Operating Officer and was responsible for all of the company's worldwide sales and operations. By Paul R. La Monica and Seth Fiegerman NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- The bank of Apple just hit a major milestone. Apple had more than a quarter of $1 trillion in cash and investments on its balance sheet for the first time ever. To be precise (and remember all of this is in billions with a B): Apple had $256.8 billion in its cash stockpile at the end of its the most recent quarter, up from $233 billion at the same time last year. Apple's stack of Franklins, Grants and Jacksons has steadily grown over the past few years. Five years ago, Apple had "just" $110.2 billion in cash. And Apple has increasingly stashed away most of its cash overseas for tax purposes. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said in February that $230 billion of its cash was held abroad. But there are growing hopes that Apple might soon be able to bring back, or repatriate, this cash to the United States at a one-time lower tax rate if President Trump is able to get his tax plan through Congress. Apple could use the cash to hire more workers, build more plants, make acquisitions, repurchase stock and boost its dividend. Some argue that if Apple and other tech giants were allowed to bring back cash to the U.S., it could stimulate the entire economy. To put into context just how much money a quarter trillion really is, consider the following. Apple's cash, if it were its own company, would be the 11th largest firm in the S&P 500. Besides Apple, Google owner Alphabet, Microsoft, Amazon, Facebook, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, ExxonMobil, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and General Electric have market valuations higher than $250 billion. And Apple's cash is worth only slightly less than all of GE. It's also worth more than well-known blue chips AT&T, Walmart, Home Depot, Coca-Cola and Disney. (AT&T is in the process of acquiring CNNMoney owner Time Warner. By the way, Apple's cash is worth more than three times Time Warner's market value.) Apple's pot of gold, so to speak, is also worth more than Bank of America, Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, Visa, Verizon and Comcast. Want more mind-boggling comparisons? $250 billion in cash is about 10 times the market value of Snapchat parent Snap. It is 3.5 times the valuation of Uber, and 20 times that of Twitter. It's also nearly 50 times the market cap of BlackBerry, the former king of mobile phones that is now focusing more on software. As Matt Damon famously said in "Good Will Hunting" -- How do you like them Apples? TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DoD pay raise is here•What's new in the FY 2017 budget?•TSP on the rise Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » A look at high-profile… A look at high-profile officer-involved shootings By The Associated Press May 2, 2017 5:30 pm 8 min read Share CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — A lawyer for the family of a black motorist shot to death by a white South Carolina police officer says justice has been done with the fired officer’s guilty plea. But attorney Chris Stewart also said Tuesday that verdicts are rare in officer-involved shootings. Prosecutors are recommending that Michael Slager serve decades in prison for violating the civil rights of Walter Scott by shooting him in the back as he fled, a crime captured on cellphone video and seen worldwide. The possibility of such a stiff sentence in shootings by police is even more unusual. Here is an update on some other high-profile killings by police: JORDAN EDWARDS Sign up for the online chat with Air Force Deputy CIO Bill Marion II on May 9, at 10 a.m. (EDT). Advertisement This black 15-year-old was fatally shot on Saturday by a suburban Dallas police officer while a passenger in a car that was moving away, not in reverse toward officers. Balch Springs Police Chief Jonathan Haber said Monday that police video contradicts his department’s original statement about the high school freshman’s killing by officers investigating an underage drinking complaint at a house party Edwards was leaving. The chief wouldn’t identify the officer nor describe his race. The officer is on leave while police investigate, but the boy’s family wants him fired and criminally charged, their lawyer said. ___ ERIC GARNER The 43-year-old black man died in July 2014 in New York City after a white officer placed him in a chokehold during an arrest for selling loose cigarettes. A grand jury declined to indict that officer, nor any others involved in the arrest. The city agreed to pay a $6 million civil settlement. ___ MICHAEL BROWN What it would take to create real hiring reform The 18-year-old black man was fatally shot by a white officer, Darren Wilson, in August 2014 in Ferguson, Missouri. A grand jury declined to indict Wilson, and the U.S. Justice Department opted against civil rights charges. Wilson later resigned. The death of Brown, who was unarmed, led to months of occasionally violent protests and became a catalyst for the Black Lives Matter movement, which rebukes police treatment of minorities. ___ LAQUAN MCDONALD Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke was charged with first-degree murder in November 2015, on the same day that the city, under a judge’s orders, released dashcam video showing McDonald, a 17-year-old black man, being shot 16 times on Oct. 20, 2014. Van Dyke, who is white, has pleaded not guilty. The video prompted local and federal investigations; The Justice Department determined in January that Chicago police have a long history of civil rights violations and excessive force. ___ AKAI GURLEY Rookie New York City police officer Peter Liang was convicted of manslaughter last year in the November 2014 death of 28-year-old Gurley. Liang, an American of Chinese descent, said he was patrolling a public housing high-rise with his gun drawn when a sound startled him and he fired accidentally. A bullet ricocheted off a wall, hitting Gurley. A judge reduced the conviction to negligent homicide and sentenced Liang to five years’ probation and 800 hours of community service. The city settled with Gurley’s family for $4.1 million. ___ TAMIR RICE Twelve-year-old Tamir Rice was fatally shot by a white Cleveland police officer near a gazebo in a recreational area in November 2014. Officers were responding to a report of a man waving a gun. The boy had a pellet gun tucked in his waistband and was shot right after their cruiser skidded to a stop, just feet away. A grand jury in December 2015 declined to indict patrolman Timothy Loehmann, who fired the fatal shot, and training officer Frank Garmback. The city settled his family’s lawsuit for $6 million. The officers still could be disciplined or fired by the department. ____ FREDDIE GRAY The 25-year-old man was shackled but alive when he was put in Baltimore police van in April 2015. He came out with severe neck injuries, and his subsequent death led to rioting. Six officers were charged initially, but prosecutors in July dropped all remaining charges after acquittals and a hung jury. Gray’s family agreed to a $6.4 million settlement with the city in September 2015. ____ ERIC HARRIS Former Tulsa County volunteer sheriff’s deputy Robert Bates, 74, was sentenced in June to four years in prison for second-degree manslaughter in the April 2015 death of Harris, 44, a black man who was unarmed and restrained. Bates, who is white, has said he confused his stun gun with his handgun. That shooting led to the temporary suspension of the reserve deputy program after a report found poor training of the volunteer officers, a lack of oversight, and cronyism. Bates is appealing his conviction. ___ WILLIAM CHAPMAN II Former Portsmouth, Virginia, Police Officer Stephen Rankin was sentenced in October to 2½ years in prison for fatally shooting this unarmed 18-year-old while responding to a shoplifting call outside a Wal-Mart on April 22, 2015. Prosecutors allege Rankin killed Chapman “willfully, deliberately and with premeditation.” Chapman’s body was reportedly delivered to the medical examiner with handcuffs still bound behind his back. Some witnesses said Chapman was combative, and one said he knocked away Rankin’s stun gun. Rankin, who is white, was fired. ___ SAM DUBOSE Prosecutors plan to retry former University of Cincinnati police officer Ray Tensing this month in the killing of an unarmed black motorist during a traffic stop near the campus in July 2015. The jury deadlocked after his first murder trial. He faces 15 years to life if convicted. Tensing’s body camera captured much of the encounter, although the two sides dispute what conclusions can be reached. Tensing’s attorney says DuBose was using his car as a deadly weapon. The university fired Tensing, restructured its public safety department and reached a $5.3 million settlement that includes free undergraduate tuition for DuBose’s 13 children. ___ JEREMY MCDOLE McDole, 28, was sitting in his wheelchair when he was shot and killed in September 2015 in Wilmington, Delaware, after police received a 911 call about a man with a gun. A bystander’s cellphone footage showed officers repeatedly telling McDole to drop his weapon and raise his hands, with McDole reaching for his waist area before shots erupted. The Delaware attorney general’s office decided against criminal charges against four Wilmington police officers involved, although investigators concluded one officer showed “extraordinarily poor” police work. In January, a federal judge approved the city’s $1.5 million settlement with McDole’s family. ___ RICKY BALL Former Columbus, Mississippi, police officer Canyon Boykin, who is white, was indicted in September for manslaughter in the shooting death of Ball, 26. Boykin said he fired because Ball appeared to point a gun at him during a foot chase in October 2015. The city fired Boykin, saying the officer violated policy by not turning on his body camera, by inviting his fiancee to ride with him and by making derogatory social media posts about African-Americans, women and disabled people. Boykin has sued the city, claiming violations of his constitutional rights. Ball’s family has sued Boykin, the city and other police officials for wrongful death. ___ JAMAR CLARK The November 2015 shooting death of 24-year-old Clark sparked weeks of protests in Minneapolis. The officers, Mark Ringgenberg and Dustin Schwarze, were trying to arrest Clark when he was shot once in the head. He died a day later. Some witnesses said Clark was handcuffed when he was shot, but federal and state probes concluded that he was not. Investigators said Ringgenberg felt Clark’s hand trying to grab his weapon and shouted to Schwarze, who then shot Clark. Prosecutors decided not to charge either white officer, and an internal police investigation cleared them. ___ ALTON STERLING Sterling, 37, was shot to death July 5, 2016, as two white officers pinned him to the pavement outside a Louisiana convenience store where he had been selling CDs. The killing was captured on cellphone video and circulated widely online, sparking demonstrations across Baton Rouge. Officers Blane Salamoni and Howie Lake II were placed on administrative leave. Neither officer has been charged. The U.S. Justice Department is expected to announce soon whether the officers should be charged with violating Sterling’s civil rights. ___ PHILANDO CASTILE Castile was shot and killed July 6 by officer Jeronimo Yanez, who is Hispanic, after being pulled over as he drove through a suburb of St. Paul, Minnesota, with his girlfriend and her young daughter in the car. Livestreaming on Facebook moments later, his girlfriend said Castile, 32, was shot while reaching for his ID after telling the officer he had a gun permit and was armed. Ramsey County Attorney John Choi concluded that Yanez wasn’t justified in using deadly force. Yanez is charged with manslaughter and is free ahead of his trial scheduled to start later this month. ___ KEITH LAMONT SCOTT A prosecutor cleared a black Charlotte-Mecklenburg police officer in the fatal shooting of Scott, 43, who was killed while sitting in his vehicle in the parking lot of his Charlotte apartment complex as officers sought another man. A police review board decided last month that Officer Brentley Vinson followed proper procedure. Police video showed officers shouting for Scott to drop a gun numerous times as he slowly backed out of an SUV. Scott’s family said he did not have a gun and was reading a book. Charlotte-Mecklenburg District Attorney Andrew Murray cited evidence that Scott was armed, including a store’s surveillance video, DNA recovered from a handgun and a Facebook conversation from the man who said he sold the stolen gun to Scott. ___ TERENCE CRUTCHER Tulsa, Oklahoma, police Officer Betty Jo Shelby’s manslaughter trial begins Monday in the shooting of Crutcher, an unarmed man. Shelby, who is white, shot the 40-year-old Crutcher on Sept. 16, shortly after she arrived on a street to find his SUV stopped in the middle of the road. Crutcher was seen without a weapon and with his hands up on videos from a patrol car dashboard and a police helicopter before Shelby shot him. Police Chief Chuck Jordan has said that Crutcher did not have a gun on his body nor in his SUV. Shelby has pleaded not guilty. Related Topics All News Government News U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » A look at high-profile… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 2001: George W. Bush forms commission on Social Security Fed Photo of the Day CBRN troops train to treat victims Top Stories 7 important pieces of FY17 budget for civilian agencies Top Story Budget deal includes 2.1 percent civilian pay increase, partially funded by hiring freeze DoD Reporter's Notebook Congress takes another shot at fixing outdated, lengthy veterans appeals process Veterans Affairs Thousands of new hires coming to NAVSEA with omnibus Navy Trump on Twitter: Country needs a ‘good shutdown’ Budget THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 02, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.8386 0.0089 2.24% L 2020 25.4227 0.0194 3.69% L 2030 28.3127 0.0305 5.24% L 2040 30.4799 0.0367 6.00% L 2050 17.4751 0.0224 6.69% G Fund 15.3080 0.0009 0.78% F Fund 17.7511 0.0330 1.75% C Fund 33.1804 0.0390 7.16% S Fund 43.4014 -0.1527 5.78% I Fund 27.3049 0.1283 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Contact CT Post Advertise with Us Subscribe Terms of Use Careers with Us Archives Newsletters Digital edition FAQ Submissions Foran counterpunches, beats Law baseball Hours count down for a Derby family Knox: “Tiger effect” driving PGA Tour Activists arrested at protest opposing Derby man’s deportation News Local Columnists Police Reports Regional Valley National World Politics Opinion Were you SEEN? Science and Technology Election New and noteworthy Connecticut getaways for spring and summer A haunted house for sale in Texas comes with nine ghosts Ken Dixon: Time to get sized for life preservers Fairfield County faulted in air quality report Sports High Schools HS Football Colleges MLB NFL NBA More Sports Hockey Knox: “Tiger effect” driving PGA Tour Former players, rival coach remember Bruce Webster Bluefish win home opener over Southern Md. Raiders take UConn S Obi Melifonwu in 2nd round UConn Nation Business Markets Real Estate Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Freight shipper buys Shelton property as new HQ Tax deal reached on Oxford power plant L.L. Bean lands site for newest Connecticut store Bridgeport expansion to better serve car enthusiasts Entertainment Movies Music Arts Television Comics Horoscope Games Events 100 years of King Features Syndicate Ridgefield Gone Country BBQ Festival returns for fourth year Danielle Ferland in ‘The Most Beautiful Room in New York’ at Paul Shaffer and The World’s Most Dangerous Band, with Valerie Living Health Home and Garden Family Religion Travel Food Weddings Engagements Celebrate Summer Sponsored Content WalletHub: Connecticut lags behind the fun states in America Sailors seek balance, beauty and sustainability in yacht Bruce Kirby’s Laser series changed the face of sailboat racing High season for yacht clubs Obituaries Blogs Classifieds Jobs Homes Rentals Cars MenuSections http://www.ctpost.com/local/article/Recall-Watch-Ginger-powder-massager-recalled-11115943.php Recall Watch: Ginger powder, massager recalled By Amanda Cuda Published 5:13 pm, Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Photo: Contributed / Contributed Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 Lords Organics is recalling Ginger Powder Product from AGF Organic Veda, because it has the potential to be contaminated with salmonella. Photo courtesy of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Lords Organics is recalling Ginger Powder Product from AGF Organic Veda, because it has the potential to be contaminated with salmonella. Photo courtesy of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Photo: Contributed / Contributed Image 2 of 2 About 400,000 HoMedics handheld massagers have been recalled because the cord can break near the base of the massager and expose the wires, posing an electric shock and burn hazards. The massagers were sold at Bed Bath & Beyond, Rite-Aid, Walmart and other major retailers. Photo courtesy of the Consumer Product Safety Commission. less About 400,000 HoMedics handheld massagers have been recalled because the cord can break near the base of the massager and expose the wires, posing an electric shock and burn hazards. The massagers were sold at ... more Photo: Contributed / Contributed Recall Watch: Ginger powder, massager recalled 1 / 2 Back to Gallery Ginger powder may have salmonella Lords Organics is recalling Ginger Powder Product from AGF Organic Veda, because it has the potential to be contaminated with salmonella, an organism which can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, frail or elderly people, and others with weakened immune systems. Healthy persons infected with salmonella often experience fever, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain. The product was distributed through online sales and delivered through mail order postal delivery. The affected product is the Organic Veda’s Ginger Powder from batch number A324DGRP. It was manufactured in August 2015, has a “Best Before” date of July 2017 and is sold in a 16-ounce clear jar with red lid. There is no illnesses reported to date. Consumers are urged to return it to 7670 N Hollywood Way- A28, Burbank, CA 91504 for a full refund. Consumers with questions may call 818-495-8500 between 11 a.m. and 8 p.m., or email sales@organicveda.com. Shocking massager pulled from shelves About 400,000 HoMedics handheld massagers have been recalled because the cord can break near the base and expose the wires, posing an electric shock and burn hazards. The massagers were sold at Bed Bath & Beyond, Rite-Aid, Walmart and other major retailers. This recall involves three models of handheld massagers, HHP-375H, HHP-250 and the PA-MH-THP. All models of the massagers have a 120 VAC, 60 HZ power cord. “HoMedics” is printed on the massagers. All manufacturing dates for all three models are included in the recall and the item date code can be found in either one of the cord prongs or in the rating label located on the underside of the product. Date codes can be identified as a 4-digit number WWYY where WW is the sequential week of the year and YY is the last two digits of the manufacturing year. HoMedics has received 140 reports of exposed wires, sparks, smoking and some shooting flames coming from the massagers. There have been 15 reports of burn injuries to consumer’s fingers and other parts of the body. Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled massagers and contact HoMedics for instructions on removing the cord and to receive a refund in the form of a credit for any replacement product from the firm. Call 888-803-0509 or visit http://www.homedics.com and click on the Product Recall tab for more information. —Amanda Cuda Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email newsletters    Breaking News    Daily Newsletter EMAIL: Most Popular 1 State official nabbed in New Haven 2 Blasting near Merritt Parkway to stop traffic 3 Conspiracy to commit murder: Two charged after fatal... 4 City pays $65,000 to settle cop’s discrimination suit 5 Mayor Ganim in Lebanon 6 Elementary safe after shots fired in Bridgeport 7 Cops charge ‘Cobra’ in attempted murder Connecticut Post View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Careers Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Ad Choices About Our Ads Your California Privacy Rights Contact Contact Us FAQ CTPost iPhone App Today's eEdition Feedback Submissions Connect Newsletter Sign-Up Facebook Twitter Google+ Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Media Services Connecticut, LLC
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Apple has a quarter-trillion dollars in cash Apple has a quarter-trillion dollars in cash Posted on Tuesday, May 2, 2017 by CNN in Business News The bank of Apple just hit a major milestone. Apple had more than a quarter of $1 trillion in cash and investments on its balance sheet for the first time ever. To be precise (and remember all of this is in billions with a B): Apple had $256.8 billion in its cash stockpile at the end of its the most recent quarter, up from $233 billion at the same time last year. Apple’s stack of Franklins, Grants and Jacksons has steadily grown over the past few years. Five years ago, Apple had “just” $110.2 billion in cash. And Apple has increasingly stashed away most of its cash overseas for tax purposes. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said in February that $230 billion of its cash was held abroad. But there are growing hopes that Apple might soon be able to bring back, or repatriate, this cash to the United States at a one-time lower tax rate if President Trump is able to get his tax plan through Congress. Apple could use the cash to hire more workers, build more plants, make acquisitions, repurchase stock and boost its dividend. Some argue that if Apple and other tech giants were allowed to bring back cash to the U.S., it could stimulate the entire economy. To put into context just how much money a quarter trillion really is, consider the following. Apple’s cash, if it were its own company, would be the 11th largest firm in the S&P 500. Besides Apple, Google owner Alphabet, Microsoft, Amazon, Facebook, Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway, ExxonMobil, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and General Electric have market valuations higher than $250 billion. And Apple’s cash is worth only slightly less than all of GE. It’s also worth more than well-known blue chips AT&T, Walmart, Home Depot, Coca-Cola and Disney. (AT&T is in the process of acquiring CNNMoney owner Time Warner. By the way, Apple’s cash is worth more than three times Time Warner’s market value.) Apple’s pot of gold, so to speak, is also worth more than Bank of America, Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, Visa, Verizon and Comcast. Want more mind-boggling comparisons? $250 billion in cash is about 10 times the market value of Snapchat parent Snap. It is 3.5 times the valuation of Uber, and 20 times that of Twitter. It’s also nearly 50 times the market cap of BlackBerry, the former king of mobile phones that is now focusing more on software. As Matt Damon famously said in “Good Will Hunting” — How do you like them Apples? Fox News' 30 day long nightmare Girls Who Code founder to Ivanka Trump: Don't use my story Related Posts ‘Without NAFTA, we would be out of business’ U.S. economy adds a strong 227,000 jobs in January S&P 500 falls for 9th straight day – longest streak in 36 years Sprint buys 33% of Jay Z’s Tidal streaming service Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
null
All News Movies Games TV Culture Anime May 2, 2017 Mark Pacis Blu-ray details and art emerge for ‘Logan’ Hugh Jackman’s final Wolverine film is coming home. After nabbing over $600 million dollars the box office, Fox finally announced details of the Blu-ray release. In addition to the 90 minutes of content, every copy of Logan comes with Logan Noir—James Mangold’s black and white version of the film. To celebrate the release of Noir, Fox is teaming up with Alamo Drafthouse for a one-night only event. The event will take place across the country on Tuesday, May 16th starting at 8 PM EST. Together with the screening, there will be an exclusive, live-streaming Q&A with director James Mangold afterward. “During [the] production of Logan I took many black and white photographs and noticed how striking and dramatic our gritty settings and characters appeared in monochrome,” said Mangold. “Then, while editing, Fox and I started posting some of the black and white stills online and fans also began to respond enthusiastically, many hoping that they would get a chance to see the finished film in carefully timed, high contrast black and white. Well. Sometimes hope becomes reality.” Next, let’s take a look at what special features we can expect from the Ultra HD Combo Pack. The Blu-ray features an Ultra HD Blu-ray disc with the movie in 4K with HDR, a Blu-ray disc of the film in high definition, and a copy of the movie in UltraViolet Digital HD. You can also catch the following special features on the high definition Blu-ray: Logan Noir – black and white version of the film Audio commentary by Director James Mangold Deleted scenes with optional audio commentary by James Mangold (Blu-ray™ only) Making Logan – behind-the-scenes documentary (Blu-ray™ only) As shown above, there is a lot to look forward to with the Logan release. But what about the retailer exclusives? Well, we’re glad you asked. Wal-Mart (via THR) will have a nine-poster collection featuring every Hugh Jackman Wolverine appearance. As per usual, Best Buy (via IGN) will have a sleek steelbook with artwork from Steve McNiven (Old Man Logan). Furthermore, Target will receive a 36-page photo book consisting of black and white stills taken from the set of Logan. Are you looking forward to Logan on Blu-ray? Sound off with your excitement in the comments section below! Logan comes home on Ultra HD, Blu-ray, and DVD on May 23rd. In addition, the film will come out on Digital HD on May 16th. Tags LoganLogan Noir Share this post: a 0 b 0 c 0 d 0 j 0 About author Mark Pacis 1083 posts Self-proclaimed "Human IMDb" and comic book geek. Biggest Iron Man fan you'll probably ever meet. From around the web: Search for: Follow Us! Upcoming Films Latests News Blu-ray details and art emerge for ‘Logan’ May 2, 2017 Opening a real-life Heroes of the Storm loot box May 2, 2017 Nintendo-themed t-shirts are coming to UNIQLO May 2, 2017 Emma Watson open to Beauty and the Beast sequel; Disney says no May 2, 2017 Tekken 7’s Roger the Kangaroo doesn’t need help from ‘PITA’ May 2, 2017 © 2017 Copyright Nerd Reactor. All Rights reserved.
Amarillo man sentenced for meth distribution - KFDA - NewsChannel 10 / Amarillo News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home NewsChannel 10 TOO Telemundo Amarillo Mundo FM 102.9 Goats step up to prevent wildfires in CA Texas News Now News Goats step up to prevent wildfires in CA Pay It Forward Perspective with Brent McClure National International Courts & Crimes The Early Show Money & Business Eastern New Mexico Weather Weather Main Sky Tracker Camera Network StormTrack 10 Interactive Radar Rain Gauge Showdown 2017 Video Sports Local Sports Texas Sports Headlines Recipes LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Community Food Entertainment Health SLIDESHOWS About Us Main Contact Info Jobs at NewsChannel 10 TV Programming Watch CBS Programming Online here! KFDA, KEYU and KEYU-FM: Job Openings KFDA Annual EEO Public File Report 2017 Closed Captioning Certification News Staff Contests & Coupons Amarillo man sentenced for meth distribution 2017-05-02T19:39:10Z2017-05-02T20:14:57Z By Kaitlin Johnson, Digital Content Producer Email Connect kaitlinjohnson@newschannel10.com SOURCE: Randall County Jail An Amarillo man has been sentenced to 168 months in federal prison after being convicted of meth distribution.  Juan Daniel Mares pleaded guilty in January 2017 to one count of possession with intent to distribute 50 grams or more of methamphetamine.  According to court documents, on September 10, 2015 he agreed to meet with an undercover Texas Department of Public Safety agent at a Walmart in Canton, Texas to sell him one pound of meth. Officials say, Mares got into the agent's vehicle and gave the agent a shoe box containing 446 grams of meth in exchange for $6,100.  The Texas Department of Public Safety, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE), Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), Drug Enforcement Administration, Amarillo Police Department, Potter County Sheriff's Office and Randall County Sheriff's Office participated in the investigation.  Copyright 2017 KFDA. All rights reserved. Today's Local News HeadlinesToday's Local NewsMore>> Maxor to stay in Amarillo following multi-million dollar deal Maxor to stay in Amarillo following multi-million dollar deal Updated: Tuesday, May 2 2017 11:28 PM EDT2017-05-03 03:28:26 GMT A large pharmaceutical company will be staying in Amarillo after a multi-million dollar deal was created to keep them from leaving. After decades of being headquartered in Amarillo, Maxor National Pharmacy Services was looking into expansion opportunities that would cause them to move out of the city. "We didn't want to," said Maxor's CEO Mike Ellis. "It's obviously very expensive. We've got a very large, loyal workforce in Amarillo. I took it to the city leaders and ... A large pharmaceutical company will be staying in Amarillo after a multi-million dollar deal was created to keep them from leaving. After decades of being headquartered in Amarillo, Maxor National Pharmacy Services was looking into expansion opportunities that would cause them to move out of the city. "We didn't want to," said Maxor's CEO Mike Ellis. "It's obviously very expensive. We've got a very large, loyal workforce in Amarillo. I took it to the city leaders and ... The biggest challenges facing small businesses The biggest challenges facing small businesses Updated: Tuesday, May 2 2017 10:26 PM EDT2017-05-03 02:26:41 GMT According to the annual Texas Small Business Needs Assessment Poll, access to capital is the top challenge facing small businesses. According to the annual Texas Small Business Needs Assessment Poll, access to capital is the top challenge facing small businesses. Officer Scherlen honored in Austin Officer Scherlen honored in Austin Updated: Tuesday, May 2 2017 9:56 PM EDT2017-05-03 01:56:20 GMT SOURCE: Amarillo Police Department The Amarillo Police Department Honor Guard visited Austin to honor fallen officer Justin Scherlen Tuesday, May 2.  The Amarillo Police Department Honor Guard visited Austin to honor fallen officer Justin Scherlen Tuesday, May 2.  Canyon's snack pak 4 kids seeing facility growth Canyon's snack pak 4 kids seeing facility growth KFDA On May 2, Canyon's Snack Pak 4 Kids held a groundbreaking for their new facility which will double the size of their current packing center. On May 2, Canyon's Snack Pak 4 Kids held a groundbreaking for their new facility which will double the size of their current packing center. Canyon officials urging caution after woman's dog found skinned Canyon officials urging caution after woman's dog found skinned Updated: Tuesday, May 2 2017 7:12 PM EDT2017-05-02 23:12:55 GMT Source:KFDA City of Canyon Police are urging caution for residents of the city, after they say a family pet was attacked over the weekend, but some believe it may have been intentional. City of Canyon Police are urging caution for residents of the city, after they say a family pet was attacked over the weekend, but some believe it may have been intentional.    Can't Find Something? 7900 Broadway Amarillo, TX 79105 (806) 383-1010 FCC Public File publicfile@kfda.com (806) 383-1010 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 48° Cloudy High: 57° | Low: 44° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: A special report Nation & World Politics More in Politics Politics Gov. LePage Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards Red Sox College Sea Dogs Maine Red Claws Outdoors Community More in Community Celebrations Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Source Food Books Things to Do MaineToday.com Sudoku Crossword Real Estate More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Local Offers More in Local Offers test Obituaries Jobs Auto More in Auto New Cars Index Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Cops & Courts Posted Yesterday at 3:09 PM Updated May 2 increase font size Morning Sentinel May 2 police log Waterville area police reports for Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Share Comment Read Article IN DETROIT, Monday at 10:32 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on North Road. IN FAIRFIELD, Monday at 10:37 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Norridgewock Road. 2:57 p.m., debris was reported on Interstate 95. IN FARMINGTON, Monday at 9:44 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Wilton Road. 11:36 a.m., theft was reported on Main Street. 3:06 p.m., an assault was reported on Pillsbury Lane. IN HARTLAND, Monday at 4:05 p.m., threatening was reported on Elm Street. IN MADISON, Monday at 12:04 p.m., theft was reported on Main Street. 3:07 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Spruce Street. IN MOSCOW, Monday at 11:06 a.m., a scam was reported on Hunnewell Street. IN NORRIDGEWOCK, Monday at 3:50 p.m., theft was reported on Easler Drive. IN PALMYRA, Monday at 4:12 p.m., trespassing was reported on Square Road. 6:21 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Hope Road. IN PITTSFIELD, Monday at 4:41 p.m., an assault was reported on Harriet Street. 11:31 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Somerset Avenue. IN SKOWHEGAN, Monday at 4:09 p.m., mischief was reported on Canaan Road. 4:16 p.m., theft was reported on Beauford Street. 9:31 p.m., threatening was reported on Commercial Street. Tuesday at 2:43 a.m., a disturbance was reported on Waterville Road. 7:37 a.m., trespassing was reported on Waterville Road. IN WATERVILLE, Monday at 11:22 a.m., fraud was reported at Ace Tire and Auto Service on Drummond Avenue. 11:36 a.m., shoplifting was reported at the Hannaford supermarket in JFK Plaza. 1:16 p.m., theft was reported on Yeaton Street. 2:05 p.m., theft was reported on Elm Street. 2:15 p.m., criminal trespassing was reported on Kennedy Memorial Drive. 3:41 p.m., shoplifting was reported at Wal-Mart in Waterville Commons. 3:46 p.m., a car burglary was reported on Gray Street. 4:31 p.m., a drug offense was reported on College Avenue. 5:53 p.m., a report of a protection order violation led to an arrest on Gray Street. 6:23 p.m., threatening was reported in Waterville Commons. 7:30 p.m., threatening was reported to the police. 8:09 p.m., a disturbance was reported on King Court. 8:49 p.m., harassment was reported on Water Street. IN WELD, Monday at 11:34 a.m., theft was reported on West Side Road. ARRESTS IN FRANKLIN COUNTY, Monday, Craig Andrews, 49, of Rangeley, was arrested on a warrant for failure to appear. Jacob Hine, 20, of Livermore Falls, was arrested on charges of operating a vehicle after a suspension and under the influence, and violating a condition of release. IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Monday at 3:43 p.m., Michael Evans, 33, of Skowhegan, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle after a suspension. 5:38 p.m., Melissa M. Scott, 35, of Mercer, was arrested on a warrant or failure to appear. 8:11 p.m., Andre M. Quirion, 24, of Waterville, was arrested on warrants for charges of burglary and theft. Tuesday at 12:38 a.m., Tyson Mikel Archer, 25, of Detroit, was arrested on warrants for failure to appear and a probation revocation. IN WATERVILLE, Monday at 10:54 p.m., Todd A. Steward, 57, of Norridgewock, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle under the influence with a prior offense. IN WINSLOW, Monday at 7:36 p.m., Amy-Jo L. Beaudry, 43, of Winslow, was arrested on charges of violation of a harassment order and violating conditions of release. SUMMONS IN WATERVILLE, Monday at 11:36 a.m., Casey Lee Bronn, 36, of Vassalboro, was summoned on a charge of theft. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared A good bad year: Doping’s effect on harness racing Off-track betting takes a piece, and a hit, from gambling in Maine Twelve years and $112 million in state funds have failed to save harness racing in Maine RSU 9 board sets $33.9M budget, 3.51 percent increase over last year Reiter, DeAngelis share the spotlight Three-alarm Waterville fire at community support agency draws crews from several communities Skowhegan motorcyclist dies in Monmouth crash Winthrop woman who killed 67-year-old in crash tells judge, 'I'm not a lost cause' Wiscasset couple taking fireworks lawsuit against ‘Big Al’ to high court New England Patriots 1st pick in 2017 draft has close family ties to Maine Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Colby College plans $200 million athletic complex with first Olympic-size pool in Maine Winslow schools' lockout lifted after police nab burglary suspect in area Three-alarm Waterville fire at community support agency draws crews from several communities Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment Elections News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Diamond Kings Big 22 Starting Five Report It Community Community Events Community Resources Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Contests Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Obituaries 43° F Overcast Hi: 54° F Lo: 41° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite 1 Closing Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment Elections News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Latest Headlines Former standout YSU running back Shawn Patton dies May 2, 2017 Patton led Campbell to the football State Final in 1989 and YSU to the national championship in 1994. Youngstown votes in new city council president May 2, 2017 Former Council President Chuck Sammarone decided in January not to seek another term after serving the city for 34 years. Shaker to face off in November for Niles Municipal Court judge May 2, 2017 Strong Lordstown-built Cruze sales no impact on GM summer shut down May 2, 2017 Leone beats out 2 opponents in Struthers Municipal Court judge race May 2, 2017 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Current Conditions 43° F Overcast Feels Like: 38° F Wind: WNW 8 Humidity: 82% Dewpoint: 38° F Sunrise: 6:18 AM Sunset: 8:21 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Diamond Kings Big 22 Starting Five Latest Headlines Cabrera returns with homer in Tigers’ 5-2 win over Indians May 2, 2017 The Indians bullpen pitched five no-hit innings, striking out seven, but the offense couldn’t take advantage. Zigmont throws perfect game on Champion’s Senior Night May 2, 2017 The Golden Flashes stay perfect on the season, improving to 21-0 overall. Larimer helps Reserve blank Jackson-Milton May 2, 2017 Coffelt’s no-hitter highlights West Branch’s 15th win May 2, 2017 Fuller K’s 8; Fitch shuts out Harding May 2, 2017 Report It Community Community Events Community Resources Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Contests Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Obituaries Search for: Search the site 43° F Overcast Hi: 54° F Lo: 41° F Police: Warren mom left 5 kids home alone for hours A caller told police it wasn't the first time Johnson left the kids, ranging in age from almost 4 months to 10 years old By WKBN Staff Published: May 2, 2017, 3:00 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) WARREN: Arrested May 1 - Ashley Johnson, 27, charged with child endangering WARREN, Ohio (WKBN) – A Warren woman is in the Trumbull County Jail, accused of leaving her five young children home alone. Police said the children ranged in age from almost four months to 10 years old. Someone called 911 on Monday to report that the children’s mother, 27-year-old Ashley Johnson, had left them home alone. The caller reported that Johnson did the same thing the night before. An officer went to Johnson’s house just after 11 p.m. and found one of the children on the porch. Another child answered the door and said Johnson had gone to Walmart sometime between 8 and 9 p.m. Police tried to call Johnson but received no answer. The officer then contacted the children’s grandmother who came over and also tried to contact Johnson numerous times. Johnson returned home around 11:40 p.m. She told the officer that she went to Dollar General to return something and then to get the children candy, according to a police report. She was arrested on a warrant and charged with child endangering. She is being held in Trumbull County Jail, pending a drug test and her arraignment, which was reset for Wednesday. Police said Johnson had a prior open case with Children Services. The agency was contacted about the latest incident. . Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Oregon police: Daycare manager left 7 kids alone to go tan Ore. daycare manager allegedly left 7 kids alone to go tan Police investigating shooting at Warren apartment complex Niles crime activity: Bar fight victim hit in face with beer bottle Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 1998-2017 WKBN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc | All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN news app WKBN weather app ION Television LAFF Get TV Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Briefly Grist 50 Video Justice Food Climate & Energy Cities Living Science People Advice Follow Get our newsletter Grist on Facebook Follow on Twitter About Grist Contact More The Team Donate Fellowships Jobs at Grist Privacy Policy Terms of Use Briefly Grist 50 Video Sections Newsletters Donate More News Climate & Energy Justice Cities Politics Food Living Business & Tech Science Video People Advice Grist 50 Get Grist in your inbox Briefly Daily Weekly Shift Happens Privacy Policy About Grist Contact Staff & Board Funders Jobs Fellowships FAQ Advertise Sponsorship policy Testimonials Grist on your site Donation FAQ Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademarks Briefly Stuff that matters A spanking on the dairy-ère Shutterstock The largest organic dairy farm in America might not be organic. An investigation by the Washington Post suggests that the High Plains operation in Colorado, run by Aurora Organic Dairy, hasn’t been putting its cows out to pasture as required under organic rules. Reporters visited the farm numerous times and never found more than 10 percent of the herd out grazing. Most of the cows remained on feedlots. The Post also tested samples of Aurora milk and found that it was more similar to milk from cows fed grain than those fed grass. The Cornucopia Institute, which campaigns for more stringent organic standards, has been raising hell over Aurora for more than a decade. Cornucopia’s complaints led to a lawsuit — eventually settled out of court — and an investigation by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. After that investigation, Aurora in 2011 agreed to improve its practices. Perhaps that didn’t take. So if organic integrity is a top priority for you, you might want to avoid organic house-brand milk from Walmart and Costco, which source from Aurora. But if climate change is a bigger priority, well, ironically, intensive dairies like Aurora might actually be better for the climate than smaller ones. The biggest factor in driving down emissions per gallon of milk seems to be the productivity of farms. Nathanael Johnson 12 hours ago Support coverage of a future that doesn't suck DONATE 404 not found error EPA / Shutterstock The EPA’s out of the climate-science business. Here’s how to keep up. This weekend, the EPA issued a sizable middle finger to the hundreds of thousands of people who turned out for the People’s Climate March on Saturday by erasing pages of climate info from its website. Late on Friday, the agency announced that they would be replaced with content that “reflect the views of the leadership of the agency.” Friday news dump of all news dumps. At 730 pm, eve of the climate march, Pruitt announces EPA is revising its climate change content. pic.twitter.com/wLRQvKevlM — Rebecca Leber (@rebleber) April 29, 2017 Sea-level rise and temperature change are probably issues you consider as settled as, say, the multiplication tables. But this is the administration we’ve been dealt! Once you delete that EPA bookmark from your browser (which we all have, of course), here are a few good resources to call upon going forward. You can’t be the only person who’s never heard of ocean acidification at your next vegan-noodle dinner party. We’ve ranked them from Saltine-Cracker-In-A-Drought Dry to Get-That-Jellyfish-Outta-My-Foyer Fun: The IPCC (International Panel on Climate Change) spends a lot of time compiling data on how carbon dioxide is changing the planet. It’s wildly boring, but they know what’s up. As federal agencies, NASA and NOAA may eventually face the same censorial fate as the EPA. But until then, they’re filling its void with publicly accessible data on climate change. Check out NASA’s Scientific Visualization Studio and surface temperature estimation tool, specifically, as well as NOAA’s State of the Climate Reports. Climate Central has a host of interactives that can help you grok phenomena like weather trends, the spread of wildfires, the melting of Arctic sea ice, and the rise of sea levels. Zach Labe, a Ph.D. student in earth science at the University of California, Irvine, runs a gorgeous Twitter account, visualizing recent alterations to the Earth, like shifts in Arctic ice shelves. For one-off explanations on why and how the climate is changing, we tip our hats to The New York Times and Bloomberg for their comprehensive, easy-to-understand interactive graphics. And when all other sources fail, there are always comics. Ask Umbra® 11 hours ago Grist 50 JetBlue Meet the fixer: This airline exec is greening travel. A flight from LAX to JFK generates something like 65 tons of carbon dioxide, which means each passenger is responsible for about 607 pounds of carbon. That’s the greenhouse gas equivalent to eating about 10 one-pound ribeye steaks in one sitting — a high environmental price to eat turkey with grandma back on the East Coast. Sophia Mendelsohn is guiding the airline industry to friendlier skies by demanding better jet fuel. In a newsmaking deal last year, JetBlue committed to buying 330 million gallons of renewable biofuel over the next 10 years. The move will both lighten JetBlue’s carbon load and help establish a market for other airlines to diversify their fuel suppliers. It’s good for the planet, sure, but Mendelsohn knows the plan will stick because ultimately it’s best for the bottom line, too. “Much like solar panels, the goal is to break the cycle,” Mendelsohn says. If renewable fuel is more available to airlines in the first place, more airlines will use it, and more renewable fuel will be available. Mendelsohn has also helped JetBlue keep pace with a clientele that cares about social causes by introducing initiatives that go far beyond token green gestures. Not only does the airline serve organic food, but some of that food comes from a 24,000-square-foot rooftop farm at JFK Airport. Yup, farm-to-tray-table is now a thing. Meet all the fixers on this year’s Grist 50. Grist staff 21 hours ago All the News that Gives You Fits Torrenegra Here are the best responses to the New York Times hiring a climate BS artist. New columnist Bret Stephens’ first piece appeared Friday, and as Grist alum David Roberts notes at Vox: “Stephens uses incorrect facts and terrible arguments. … He makes the debate dumber.” Stephens has tried to moderate his climate views since landing the Times gig, but just as a reminder, in the past he has: Claimed “global warming is dead.” Called climate change a “mass hysteria phenomenon.” Said “much of the science has … been discredited.” Accused climate hawks of being motivated by a “totalitarian impulse” and worshipping “a religion without God.” Joe Romm has a more thorough rundown of Stephens’ past nonsense and a fact-check of his first Times piece (which has now earned a correction). As Susan Matthews notes, though, for the most part, Stephens’ column doesn’t deal in facts — “which makes it all the more insidious.” Several NYT staffers have asked readers not to cancel their subscriptions by touting the strong, evidence-driven coverage elsewhere in the paper. If u cancel @nytimes b/c of a columnist's views on climate change, you r cancelling on the finest team of climate reporters in the country. — Nick Confessore (@nickconfessore) April 29, 2017 Although we can quibble over that “finest team” characterization (John Upton threw together a list that shows you don’t need the Times for kick-ass climate coverage), there’s no question the NYT climate desk does excellent work. As another Grist alum pointed out, though, that doesn’t excuse a poor hiring decision by new editorial page editor James Bennet. And how else are readers supposed to express displeasure? It's possible to think that NYT has excellent climate change reporting AND that their hiring of Bret Stephens is an embarrassment. — Kate Sheppard (@kate_sheppard) April 29, 2017 Here’s perhaps our favorite reaction to the whole thing, by The Intercept’s Zaid Jilani: “Are people who are canceling NYT investing in grist …?” Now that’s an opinion that deserves action. Scott Dodd 2 days ago grist 50 Alisha Thomson Meet the fixer: This councilwoman keeps Boise booming. It’s hard to speak with the boisterous, enthusiastic Lauren McLean and not think of Leslie Knope, Amy Poehler’s iconic character on Parks and Recreation. (McLean’s kids even make the comparison.) And like her fictional counterpart, McLean also gets things done in her city. Since she joined the Boise city council in 2011, McLean has pushed for land conservation, energy efficiency, and social justice. In 2015, she renewed a $10 million levy that protects 10,000 acres of land for open spaces and clean water sources. McLean also helps manage LIV District, an initiative that has deployed more than $5 million in public funding to date toward geothermal expansion, stormwater infrastructure, and park entrances for bikes in the Central Addition neighborhood. She has provided permanent housing for some of the city’s homeless population and has cosponsored a Welcome City program that promotes inclusiveness. Idaho is among the states with the highest per capita percentage of refugee residents, with people from countries like Iraq, Somalia, Bhutan, Burma, Democratic Republic of Congo, and even a small number of Syrians. McLean wants to encourage Boise businesses to embrace diversity and create opportunities for the city’s new residents. “It is important to talk about diversity and development as we figure out ways to integrate women, refugees, and immigrants to really build a diverse workforce here,” she says. Leslie Knope would be proud. Meet all the fixers on this year’s Grist 50. Grist staff May 1, 2017 one hundred days of fortitude © Rick Reinhard Hundreds of thousands demanded climate action in 90-degree weather on Trump’s 100th day. Unseasonably warm temperatures didn’t dampen turnout at the People’s Climate March in Washington, D.C. According to the organizers’ count, more than 200,000 people hit the streets with calls to fight climate change and oppose the Trump’s administration’s climate denial. Sister marches were held around the country and the world. Time-lapse, bird's-eye video shows thousands of protesters marching toward White House for action on climate change https://t.co/yoYEIbNWAO pic.twitter.com/jNpi7WceZi — CNN (@CNN) April 29, 2017 “This isn’t about just animals, it’s about people — our cultures, our way of life. Black people, Latinos, Indigenous people, queer people — we are the new face of the climate movement,” said Genesis Abreu of WE ACT For Environmental Justice. Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton tweeted in support of the march. President Trump, meanwhile, tweeted that he was looking forward to a “Big crowd, big energy!” for his 100th-day rally in Pennsylvania. On Friday, Trump’s 99th day in office, the EPA scrubbed climate change from its website. Here are more photos of the march in D.C.: © Rick Reinhard Ayse Gursoz of Indigenous Rising Media © Rick Reinhard © Rick Reinhard © Rick Reinhard © Rick Reinhard © Rick Reinhard Grist staff Apr 29, 2017 Congratulations! You’re all caught up. Meatless Monday is out. Eating Less Meat On Whatever Day Suits You Best, Because It’s A Wild and Free World Out There, Baby is in. Get Briefly in your inbox Privacy Policy View more news briefs Sections Briefly Grist 50 Video Justice Food Climate & Energy Cities Living Science More About The Team Contact Donate Fellowships Jobs Privacy Policy Terms of Use Follow Newsletters Facebook Twitter Instagram Feed A Beacon in the Smog® © 1999-2017 Grist Magazine, Inc. All rights reserved. Grist is powered by WordPress.com VIP. Opt me out of this fund drive × Journalism is under attack Support Grist × Post to Cancel
Man sentenced for involvement in murder near Lake Lowell last sp - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Earth Day Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS Earth Day The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Earth Day Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It Earth Day The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Man sentenced for involvement in murder near Lake Lowell last spring Posted: Tuesday, May 2, 2017 1:34 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, May 2, 2017 1:34 PM EDT Karen Lehr Caldwell, ID -- A man Canyon County prosecutors say was involved in the beating death of a gay man near Lake Lowell last April was sentenced Monday for his involvement in the crime. Defendant Kevin Tracy will return to jail for six months before serving a long term probation sentence which, if violated, could result in a 25 year prison term. Lawyers for both the state and defense agreed Tracy had knowledge of plans to rob the victim, but was not involved in the planning or executing of the beating which ultimately caused 49-year-old Steven Nelson's death. Prosecutors say Tracy's information helped lead to convictions for the two men largely responsible for planning and carrying out the robbing and beating death, Kelly Schneider and Jayson Woods. At his own sentencing hearing Monday, Tracy sat in the courtroom teary-eyed with his head down for nearly two and a half hours while listening to legal arguments and victim impact statements from the family of the victim. Canyon County Prosecutor Christopher Boyd recommended probation rather than a long prison sentence for the defendant, whom offered testimony against other defendants in the case and immediately shared details with law enforcement. Tracy spoke inside a Canyon County courtroom to the victim's family saying he was truly sorry for what happened to their brother and son, whom he said didn't deserve what happened to him the night of April 29, 2016. According to prosecutors, the victim, Steven Nelson, responded to an online advertisement for a gay sexual encounter. The victim met Kelly Shneider and a Walmart parking lot, and drove him to an area near Lake Lowell. At the Gott's Point location, Schneider reportedly attacked the victim, choking him from behind, pushing him to the ground and then kicking him several times with steel-toed boots. Prosecutors say Schneider and co-defendant Jayson Woods, 28, allegedly then robbed and stripped him before fleeing the scene in the victim's car with his belongings. Nelson managed to make his way to a house about a mile away, where he rang the doorbell of a home yelling for help, prompting the homeowner to call 911. He provided a Canyon County Sheriff's Office deputy with descriptions of his attackers and details on the attack, before he died several hours later at a local hospital. In February, a jury found Jayson Woods guilty of first-degree murder, robbery, conspiracy to commit robbery and accepting earnings from a prostitute. Kelly Schneider is also facing life in prison and faced federal hate crime charges for the brutal beating death. Monday, Judge Davis VanderVelde sentenced Tracy to 547 days in jail, including one year for time already served. At that point the defendant will begin a 10 year fixed probation term with the possibility of an additional 15 years. If he violates his probation he could serve up to 25 years in prison. The fourth defendant involved in the case, Daniel Henkel, is set to be sentenced next week. KIVI TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Kitchener-Waterloo LIVE K-W More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada Kitchener-Waterloo Funeral Wednesday for Melinda Vasilije, fatally stabbed last week 'She was such a lovely young woman, inside and out,' says friend By Kate Bueckert, CBC News Posted: May 02, 2017 1:25 PM ET Last Updated: May 02, 2017 1:25 PM ET The body of 22-year-old Melinda Vasilije was found inside a Kitchener apartment building Friday morning. Police say she died from multiple stab wounds. (Instagram) Related Stories Waterloo Regional Police ask fatal stabbing suspect to turn himself in Friends remember Melinda Vasilije, woman fatally stabbed in Kitchener apartment Hamilton man faces second-degree murder charges in death of Kitchener woman Police investigate suspicious death on Kitchener's Country Hill Drive External Links Westmount Memorial Celebration Centre: Melinda June Vasilije (Note: CBC does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) Family and friends will remember 22-year-old Melinda Vasilije, the woman stabbed to death in her Kitchener apartment, at a funeral this week. Vasilije was found dead at her apartment early Friday. Her funeral will take place Wednesday at 1:30 p.m. at the Westmount Memorial Celebration Centre on Ottawa Street South in Kitchener.  Waterloo Regional Police ask fatal stabbing suspect to turn himself in Friends remember Melinda Vasilije, woman fatally stabbed in Kitchener apartment Hamilton man faces second-degree murder charges in death of Kitchener woman One person, who identified herself as one of Vasilije's former teachers on the funeral home's website, said she was thankful she got to know the young woman. "She was such a lovely young woman, inside and out," Mary-Louise Marcus of Kitchener wrote. "She will be in the hearts and memories of so many people for years to come." Another person who did not leave their name said they met Vasilije at the hair salon where she worked. The person said she had a "beautiful smile and infectious energy." A GoFundMe page set up to help Vasilije's family with funeral and related costs has also raised more than $15,000 in three days. Police continue to search for Ager Mohsin Hasan, 24, of Hamilton. He was last seen driving a black Honda HR-V. It may have an Ontario licence plate BPKT509 or the Pennsylvania licence plate EZV1654. (Waterloo Regional Police) Search continues for suspect The funeral comes as police continue to search for her suspected killer. Ager Mohsin Hasan, 24, of Hamilton is facing second-degree murder charges in relation to her death. Police said they know he crossed the Peace Bridge from Fort Erie, Ont., to Buffalo, N.Y., around 6 a.m. on Friday driving a black Honda HR-V. A man matching his description was spotted switching licence plates off a vehicle in a Walmart parking lot in Harborcreek Township, near Erie, Pa., around 10 a.m. It's believed the man put the stolen plate on his own vehicle and fled the area. State police said the licence plate is Pennsylvania registration EZV1654 and had a Fraternal Order of Police medallion emblem attached to it. The Honda HR-V may have also been displaying Ontario licence plate BPKT509. "We are encouraging him to turn himself into law enforcement officials," Inspector Michael Haffner said during a press briefing Monday afternoon. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Kitchener-Waterloo Wednesday Chance of showers 13°C Thursday Periods of rain 10°C Friday Periods of rain 6°C Saturday Chance of showers 6°C Sunday Chance of showers 8°C More Weather Latest Kitchener-Waterloo News Headlines Former Cambridge MPP Gerry Martiniuk has died Police investigate online post about Melinda Vasilije fatal stabbing Canada made marijuana illegal 94 years ago and no one's sure why Funeral Wednesday for Melinda Vasilije, fatally stabbed last week Accused in London taxi murder hospitalized over heart surgery Top News Headlines Canadian branch of far-right group fragments amid infighting Mountain climber stranded alone near the summit of Canada's highest peak read comments Senate ethics committee recommends Don Meredith be expelled video 'They sleep when they're too hungry': South Sudanese trapped by war, famine grow increasingly desperate video audio 'Shocked … sickened … devastated': Family mourns Ontario mother found dead in Belize Don't Miss Canadian branch of far-right group fragments amid infighting Argentine climber stranded at 3,000 metres after earthquakes rattle Yukon Senate ethics committee recommends Don Meredith be expelled CBC IN SOUTH SUDAN 'They sleep when they're too hungry': South Sudanese trapped by war, famine grow increasingly desperate Autopsies show Ontario woman and boyfriend were fatally strangled in Belize Angelo Musitano shot and killed in Hamilton mob hit Apple posts surprise drop in iPhone sales Recap No comeback for Senators as Rangers cruise to Game 3 win Opposition filibuster ends in profanity as Liberal chair adjourns meeting 'We miss her': Fort McMurray firefighter grapples with daughter's death during wildfire evacuation Venezuelans block roads to protest constitution rewrite Opinion In the world of technology, it all keeps coming back to privacy CBC Investigates Prison slammed for 'flawed and self-serving' actions after Cape Breton inmate's death As spring market swells, anxious home buyers are holding back, Toronto realtors say Putin scoffs at question over Russian interference into foreign elections, discusses Syria with Trump Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Not a Subscriber? Sign up Today! Toggle navigation Logistics 3PL Global Trade Sustainability Transportation Air Freight Motor Freight Ocean Freight Ports Rail & Intermodal TMS Technology Cloud IoT Mobile & Wireless Software Warehouse Automation Warehouse/DC WMS Resources Whitepapers Special Reports Premiums Webcasts Buyers' Guide Magazine Archive Events MODEX ProMat SupplyChain Outlook IANA CSCMP NASSTRAC Subscribe Free Magazine Free Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Logistics Transportation Technology Warehouse Resources Whitepapers Special Reports Premiums Webcasts Buyers' Guide Magazine Archive Events MODEX ProMat SupplyChain Outlook IANA CSCMP NASSTRAC Subscribe Free Magazine Free Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service 3PL Global Trade Sustainability Top Story 2017 Salary Survey: Fresh Voices Express Optimism Latest Resource The Evolving Role of 3PLs in Supply Chain Management News Transportation Trends and Best Practices: The Battle for the Last Mile Freight Forwarding: Intermediaries refine the art of “orchestration” Last Mile: From “wow” to “required” Freight Intermediaries refine the art of orchestration: Part II Freight Intermediaries refine the art of orchestration: Part I More News Air Freight Motor Freight Ocean Freight Ports Rail & Intermodal TMS Top Story Top 30 U.S. Ports 2017: Preparing for the uncertain Latest Resource Making TMS an Enterprise Priority News Transportation Trends and Best Practices: The Battle for the Last Mile NASSTRAC Q&A with Rich McArdle, president at UPS Freight Major changes in air cargo freighter market driven by e-commerce, reports consultancy Maersk Line’s acquisition of Hamburg Süd gets sales and purchase agreement approval AAR reports mixed carload and intermodal volumes for week ending April 22 More News Cloud IoT Mobile & Wireless Software Top Story Getting Value from the Cloud Latest Resource Image-based Scanning for Inbound & Outbound Logistics News 2017 Technology Roundtable: Are we closer to “Intelligent” Logistics? LM Viewpoint: The Technology Issue Future of WMS mapped out in Oracle Forecast Maximize Your LTL Driver Adherence with Real-time Feedback How Technology is Reshaping the Modern Supply Chain More News Automation Warehouse/DC WMS Top Story Lift Trucks: A new technician vision Latest Resource A Revolution in Barcode Reading Technology: Benefits of Improved Read Rates in Logistics Scanning News 2017 Technology Roundtable: Are we closer to “Intelligent” Logistics? The new breed of intelligent machines that are core to Industry 4.0 will eliminate waste in supply c ProMat 2017 Show Wrap Up: Over 350,000 square feet of expo space featured Newsroom Notes: Is the era of high inventories behind us? Future of WMS mapped out in Oracle Forecast More News Last Mile: From “wow” to “required” This differentiator—this “wow”—lasts for a period of time, but eventually becomes a minimum expectation for the consumer and is later described as a “required feature.” Logistics in the News Transportation Trends and Best Practices: The Battle for the Last Mile Freight Forwarding: Intermediaries refine the art of “orchestration” Last Mile: From “wow” to “required” Freight Intermediaries refine the art of orchestration: Part II Freight Intermediaries refine the art of orchestration: Part I More Logistics News Logistics Resource Private Fleet vs. Dedicated: Which one is right for you? Having the right fleet for your business can give you an advantage over the competition and lower transportation costs. All Resources By Peter Moore · May 2, 2017 In marketing classes there’s usually a segment on customer expectations. When some new feature is added to a product or service it’s supposed to carry a “wow factor.” This differentiator—this “wow”—lasts for a period of time, but eventually becomes a minimum expectation for the consumer and is later described as a “required feature.” A perfect example would be cup holders in cars. At one time, the cup holder was a nice addition to a new car. For a while we even witnessed cup holder wars, as different brands added cup holders to all the seats to outdo their competitors. Today, we would be shocked if a car didn’t have a lot of cup holders conveniently placed—in fact, the typical front seat now has at least two. In case you haven’t noticed, last-mile delivery for consumers and small businesses has moved from “wow” to “required’ in a very short time. Even small items are routinely delivered quickly to the door—often free of additional freight charges. As on-line retailers and the supporting freight service providers have saturated the market with fast service, the expectation of buyers has risen to the point where we are confident of service, and thus we’re reducing inventories of everything from light bulbs to truck tires. For those with buying responsibilities and those with responsibility for receiving product, the game has changed. Where they once focused on commodity prices in great detail, they now need to add freight pricing to their knowledge base. These buyers need to understand the underlying economics of transportation in order to truly understand total landed cost for the item purchased. Understanding what the vendor is paying to provide you fast direct delivery, as little as two hours in some cases, helps you to decide if you want or need this premium service now seen as a standard—an ever more expensive standard level of service. Remember, somewhere you’re paying for delivery. One indicator of the cost is the difference stated by vendors on their web site regarding terms of service level and the amount of money you’re spending. For example, there may be a minimum purchase to save a percentage on shipping, or there may be different prices for speed of delivery or an annual fee to be in the “club.” Walmart released a new tactic where the customer is offered a discount of 5% to 10% for picking up the item they ordered on-line at a nearby Walmart store. This, of course, relieves the pressure on small shipment capacity at distribution centers as the item can be sent with a regular truck to the store, and at the same time attracts consumers to the store where they might be tempted to pick up more items while in the building. This assumes, of course, that they have a pleasant experience waiting in line at the customer service desk trying to pick up their item. If not, this experience will drive them away from the retailer. In fact, a major home center told me that the customer pickup storage room in their store quickly exceeded 1,500 items, and it was taking up to 40 minutes to find items when folks came to pick them up. Purchasing, transportation professionals and consumers need to pay attention to this new service experience. Convenience comes at a premium, and there may be alternate ways to satisfy a need at a lower total landed cost. Of course, getting a shopping list completed from the couch may well be seen as worth it.  May 2, 2017 About the Author Peter Moore Peter Moore is Adjunct Professor of Supply Chain at Georgia College EMBA Program, Program Faculty at the Center for Executive Education at the University of Tennessee, and Adjunct Professor at the University of South Carolina Beaufort. Peter writes from his home in Hilton Head Island, S.C., and can be reached at [email protected] Subscribe to Logistics Management Magazine! Subscribe today. It's FREE! Get timely insider information that you can use to better manage your entire logistics operation. Start your FREE subscription today! Article Topics Final-Mile Delivery · Pricing · All Topics Latest Whitepaper Top 30 U.S. Ports 2017: Preparing for the uncertain The advent of new carrier alliances and “big ship readiness” will determine which of the top ports gain share and supply chain advantages. Meanwhile, logistics managers must hedge their bets to mitigate risk and avoid reliance on a handful of key gateways. Download Today! From the April 2017 Issue Is Your Tractor Trailer Yard a Black Hole? While adoption rates have remained relatively flat, yard management systems (YMS) are helping logistics operations turn that important space between the loading dock and the gate into a vital link in the supply chain. Information Management: Wearables come in for a refit 2017 Air Cargo Roundtable: Positive Outlook Driven by New Demand View More From this Issue Subscribe to Our Email Newsletter Sign up today to receive our FREE, weekly email newsletter! Subscribe! *Please enter a valid email address Latest Webcast Maximize Your LTL Driver Adherence with Real-time Feedback This webinar shows how companies are using real-time performance data to optimize the scheduling of their city fleets, as well as the routing of their standard, accelerated and time-critical shipments. Register Today! EDITORS' PICKS 2017 Salary Survey: Fresh Voices Express Optimism Our “33rd Annual Salary Survey” reflects more diversity entering the logistics management... LM Exclusive: Major Modes Join E-commerce Mix While last mile carriers receive much of the attention, the traditional modal heavyweights are in... ASEAN Logistics: Building Collectively While most of the world withdraws inward, Southeast Asia is practicing effective cooperation between... 2017 Rate Outlook: Will the pieces fall into place? Trade and transport analysts see a turnaround in last year’s negative market outlook, but as... Logistics Management About us Subscribe to Logistics Management Magazine Follow us on RSS and Social Media Advertise with us Contact us Privacy policy Digital Edition Download Top 30 U.S. Ports 2017: Preparing for the uncertain The advent of new carrier alliances and “big ship readiness” will determine which of the top ports gain share and supply… Download Now Webcast Maximize Your LTL Driver Adherence with Real-time Feedback Thu, May 4, 2017 - 2:00 pm EDT  Sign up Peerless Media         Logistics Management Modern Materials Handling Supply Chain Management Review Material Handling Product News Supply Chain 24/7 Digital Engineering Peerless Media © Copyright 2017 Peerless Media LLC, a division of EH Publishing, Inc
